I joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Dumb Cunt 
Give it to a soldier who has defend it, then try to burn it. Show me what a badass you really are. The flag is helpless to stop you or fight back. Completely unnecessary act, its proves nothing and accomplishes nothing. It only shows your a ignorant weak faggot. Like kicking a puppy, , , it shows how weak and worthless you are 
Yup. I cant smoke in a bar because it's harmful to some faggot that's getting drunk, doing drugs & having an Std potluck with the boys later. Seems legit. 
Wow, what a rude cunt 
You sound like a faggot 
Lol you can't even spell it nigger 
Lock That Racist Nigger Up! What Kids You Been Fucking? Man They Are All Ingrates, Lowest Forms Of Life On The Planet> Worthy Of Death, Run MOTheR Fuckers< Run< We Are Cmoing And We Will Bring The Peoples Wrath Down OnTO YouR Sick Heads! 
Self-Hating White Cucks On Parade 
Hey retard and cross dresser! I'lll say nigger all I want, and a nigger still has to get a job an earn money like my white privileged honky ass! Kill your self! 
Another dumb ass vile nigger in that gif. It is rich thanks to kikes & stupid perverse Whites. Hate it when people use mud scum or White scum gifs to make their points unless the target is the scum. Usually not the case. He has done lots of anti-White crap to include videos promoting decapitating White woman but since he became a trumtard he is now supposedly cool. 
Who is the Real nigger in the woodpile? 
Like. I literally addressed this point and you completely ignore it, like a stupid retard nigger. 
You are not just a stupid nigger lover. But also extremely naive. 
Why is this nigger Tariq Nasheed so desperate to look like a white man? I don't have account so I cant ask. Can you? 
Kamala Harris The Sjw Slut! Slept With A Nigger To Advance Her Political Carrer! 
I don't like you, fuck the people that follow you don't give a shit enough about what you post to read it, why the hell would I sort threw that retard garbage? "you win some you lose some" Thats not even applicable, you dense fucker. 
No. Shut up faggot they are clones of Jordan Jereb 
Right! And Kavanagh was a serial gang rapist and massive drunk. And Kanye is a crazy nigger who can't read. (You guys) and your fuckin' labels. We all know who is producing the massive amount of gay porn in this country. 
White supremacist. Anyone who is not a nigger loser. 
Muh dick is the nigger sockpuppet line, ugly children applies though. Id stick more to the kicked out of every country they ever existed in and are natural parasites line, since its actually grounded in reality and just a fact that cant be argued against. 
Good fucking dirty muzzie 
Nigger sows make good Nigger repellent because of their looks and smell 
Only pussies & jews like to silence. Why does obvious evidence offend u so much? Well pussies & jews force ppl to mute with their faggot pedo porn. So what I’m sayin is don’t start w ur pedo porn u pussy jew. 
Nobody wants your nigger loving whore, she is yours, nigger! 
Nigger 
Some do Jon, but it's downright retarded to suggest that all Jews do. All faiths have some wicked people carrying their banner I imagine. 
A queer nigger on a sissy bike. The bike needs to be pink I think lol 
How does lying, cheating, stealing, murdering and being a treasonous faggot make you superior? 
So far, no fairy gay faggot tranny porn. Nice! ) 
Good Heavens. Sucker punches like two against one is nigger fun. 
Lol, he's here to proclaim he's wrong again about the Kavenaugh accuserD He's a retarded homo, but at least he's persistentD That's the perfect foot soldier for white supremacists. 
Shut up faggot. 
I'll break you. I'll beat the nigger cum out of your cocksucker 
At least the nigger tells the truth about the yids. Watch him on JewTube 
Fuck up Jew Cunt 
Add Onewaydotcom to the Gab censored hall of martyrs, alongside the great Jsello and the not so great Blitz and Pepe_Memes. 
I still like kicking the retard from time to time over his normal bs. But this I came back to after a long trip. Yeah, dumbass screwed up this time. 
Kill yourself faggot 
Fuck off, Pos! I had enough of your retarded kind today; go play somewhere else, Muslimgirl. 
Well, the good news is, I don't think you have to be a white nationalist to be pissed at the left and their racism. I think a good deal of Americans are sick of their "white privilege" this, "everything is white peoples fault" that, stuff. So, you don't have to be a faggot ass nazi to be on the same page as tens of millions of Americans. 
You just have to be an illiterate apartment renter and oblivious to the Balfour Declaration, Holodomor, Haavara Agreement, Katyn Massacre and you can join this Kike cult! 
She's a stunt cunt for the jew news who tossed her under the bus after losing her usefulness. Ever since her 1st question to Trump in the primaries I've hated this shit excuse for a reporter. Then she affirmed it in an interview with Putin; you're an egomaniacal Thot who's finally got what she deserves. 
You been negatively gearing your score recently? You been pissing off some kikey nigger lovers? 
And here you go you Npc faggot 
This does not happen with white males that die in custody. It`s amazing how all these Nigger criminals are all home loving, church going, choir boy`s. Lordy, Lordy, praise Jesus. 1 dead Nigger = Result. 
If you are sitting at a table minding your own business and some violent third world retard starts attacking you, give him the Han Solo treatment and shoot him with your gun under the table. 
Gee, you didn't know that a Jew or the Jew media won't necessarily admit a person is Jewish when they are a krypto (Jews that infiltrate as something else) 
Your obsession denotes you are a Jew or a retarded christian zionist 
Nigger please. 
Is this that casino nigger ken younous? 
I downvoted this. Fighting the jews lowest foot soldiers to then be arrested by Jewish owned cops and spend 5-10 years in a jewish run nigger filled prison is not. 
Astronaughts should stick to what they know best. Getting out there in space. Perhaps the silly cunt should take his helmet off next time he's having a spacewalk. Fuck me these lefty scum give me the literal shits. And some of these useless cunts think that having fucked the good ole Usa up the ass with their liberal crapola they can move to New Zealand 
Somebody should rape and kill her, its the muzzie way 
This be a nigger running around yelling 'where all da white wimmin at'? 
Fuck that shill bitch, her daughter marrying a fucking kike add her husband shilling for Israel. Cunts 
You want talk scripture, Ive read the bible cover to cover 5 times. I would humiliate your googled "knowledge" and memorised media propoganda scriptures taken out of context. Bless Israel refers too the land not a race. The bible very specifically says race doesn't matter. Hundreds of times. Cunt 
How many retard shields are in your cabinet now? Last time i checked, you needed a new unit. 
The Nfl is a jew ploy! To over pay Niggers to unbalance the White Economy and enrich them enough to infiltrate traditional White Communities to break ground for more Nigger invasion! 
The retarded tv generation is into some retardedly not attractive porn. 
I want one. I don't care. Call me a faggot. I'll be that faggot without that cold sore from a herpes or Hep infected glass that was haphazardly washed. 
Start by ripping that snot ring out of his faggot nose. 
Marine Le Pen is Right 
You sound like SJWs twatting about whites being over represented. Only racists care so much about race. Your hatred is lunacy, considering most of it was penned in 1933 and you're still using the same sorry shit. 
Discriminated against? I don't fucking care if a nigger discriminates against me. I expect it. Blacks are 13% of the population, yet commit 52% of the homicides, and when you factor out the old, handicapped, and children, it's more like 8% of the population committing 52% of the murders. Fuck that 8%. 
Actually less, considering some 90% of the perps are male, so you have an even smaller portion committing a shit ton of violent crime. If you remove gang-related activity, you approach a normal number however. My point was discrimination is bad when it violates rights. 
Government is the only entity subservient to rights. The People must not harm. I don't have to allow niggers in my home and I can deny him access on the basis of no other reason than his race. 
Back to this silly "access" shit again. If you live in Section 8 housing, you don't get to pick your neighbors. Fuck, you don't get to pick your neighbors anyway. Don't like it? Get off the tit or gtfo my country. You also don't get to control who enters public spaces or not. 
There shouldn't be a tit, and most would leave if there wasn't. 
No no, you wanted to talk Section 8. This was Your point, now you want to drop it when it blows up in your face? Like i said before. Typical Wn CLOWn. 
Npc Cuckboy. 
Poc = Piece of Cunt? 
Do we even call a mentally handicapped person a retard anymore? You just couldn't figure out what the correct term was that most normal people call a mentally handicapped person? 
Meanwhile in Nyc some idiot retard Lefty puts these up and just gave everyone more reasons to vote Red! Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: The list is getting lengthy and if you don't have a Pro account you can't hit the star and favourite an account/Gabber so I've created a topic which you can do that to. There is space for a couple more adds to this list. Thank you all so much. @Geirmund 
Where's Sabo when we need him? The east coast needs you! 
While I disagree with their opinion, I'm amazed and stunned that Someone On The Left Can Meme! In the three years the alt right has been cranking out Moab after Moab this is the first time I have seen return fire incoming. You don't figure they're holding a Kekistani against their will, do you? 
Our memes never condone physically hurting the Left though - this ones gives the impression that you should 
Even our Pinochet helicopter one? 
What this sign really means is, "No Us Constitution". Commiecrats hate our freedoms! 
Can't control us if we're free. 
They have never had control of me! 
Depiction of White People, this is Pure Racism! 
Barack Obama is half nigger and half Jew. But's he's 100% demon from the pits of hell. 
As bad as the Communists are: Radical Conservatives will vote for and support a giant police state that can then be handed over to the Communists. 
Let me guess you'd rather have a radical liberal democrat police state which Obummer already had rolling big time vs a conservative state which tries to let you have some rights. Killary would of had us in WW3 by now, by design. 
The boomers are the exact opposite. They just sit back trying to look cool while the country goes bankrupt and is over run by welfare whores. 
I am a boomer, you changed the argument like a liberal. 
I was born in 1947. I think that makes me a boomer. 
Then you remember retarded liberals going crazy in the 70's 
Absolutely. Over the years, liberals have only changed by the fact that they've produced that many more ignorant sheeple. 
The fight is Good vs evil, it has nothing to do with dividing us by generation, or race or gender that is what evil wants, we all need to fight evil, young or old black or white, male or female. 
Good point, KentonI agree. C'mon over for a beer. 
A quote from some random place on net, just posted here because it's funny and true: "Civil liberty and freedom in America? That's a fucking myth. You can't even "not bake cakes" for faggot marriage without being insulted as a bigot. " 
Yet they have no problem casting blacks in white roles. I dont want to see a nigger playing George Washington. Fuck the idiots 
I'd totally go on that show 'my lottery dream home' when I win the 1. 6 billion tonight if that faggot that hosts the show lets me run him over with a steamroller in the driveway of the mansion I choose. Gay faggot. 
Cunt 
It is impossible to figure out, if you're a 5 year old. Or maybe 85. There are a lot of retards here so even retarded people can figure it out. So what is it, stupider than the retarded? 
Looks like a nigger to me 
Hopefully Spearchucker Obama goes to jail and gets raped every hour. 
That might be tough. I’ll bet that nigger has money spread Out all over the world. That $6 billion he and Cankles stole from the state department is probably spread around to hundreds of banks. They need to send Delta Force in to take his ass out. You know those guys would love to take out Obama. 
Red nigger skunks aren't people you know that 
I wonder if her views on equality include a quality cunt kicking session? 
That's what I was saying. The only reason world powers give out foreign aide is to control smaller countries. But under the control of China they'd lose their black population just like Uganda. With every passing day, these functionally retarded (average Iq of 65) people put themselves into a deeper hole for their future. I say let them burn. 
Get on the Front line Cunt! Quit mouthin off & Get out there! 
Fuck off nigger 
Fuck off nigger boy 
Get the phuck out of all the cities. You're retarded if you think you can be an active Rw activist in these seditionist hell-holes. 
What a complete brainwashed cunt - I feel horrible for her kids - we should probably call Cps to make sure theyre safe 
I got your Merrick Garland swinging between my legs nigger fuck! 
The muslim nigger obamaosama needs dead 
How retarded can people get? Don’t ask. 
As I said previously, you argue like a child, although with additional feedback I'd argue a retarded one at best. 
The more I see the general attitude of nationalists the more it seems the will of European men has permanently waned away. We endlessly discuss a disloyal Gop party. We take no initiative to save ourselves. What will those of us who bothered to have children tell them about the nightmare we are bringing them into? Sorry son I voted Republican? I’m disgusted. 
If we assume everything you said is true, it cuts both ways. What are you going to tell Your children? "Sorry son, at least I complained to people who vote Republican". Like it or not, the Gop is the flashpoint in the political struggle between Jews and Gentiles. The Jews spent one hundred years marching through the institutions. It's not realistic to expect that we would claw those institutions back from them overnight or over the course of an election or three. 
The Gop is as irrelevant as the conservatives and the Christian Socialists were in Hitler’s time. Something new must be built. 
Again, you're ignoring the fact that caucuses exist. You're ignoring that these people can be primaried out. It's starting to get obnoxious. You can achieve everything you want to achieve through non-participation, according to you. If you're right, you'll be able to demonstrate it, even if I don't agree with you, which I don't. Agorism isn't going to work. Sorry man. 
"Only a 'moron' would think we are safe with trump. " 
Trump may not be our guy but he proved in the primaries that it's possible to mount a successful primary challenge against multiple deep state insiders and media favorites. Ron Paul was a cunt hair away from achieving the same, himself. 
Jared I love Ron Paul but unfortunately ya caan't do much with a cunt hair or even a red cunt hair 
Whose the nigger guy on the far right with the wig? 
600 Million wetbacks planned to be sent here by the Un. Not including the niggers, street shitters, goat fuckers and ching chongs. Jesus. This is a fucking mess 
I think it's time that rap music be given 7Hz backbeats. It'll sound great in nigger cars. 
A chinaman and a commie teaming up? The great proletarian cultural revolution is upon us! 
Sort of sad Obama is gone. All us white boys need to have a nigger around to laugh at ( <: 
'lier'? Are you a retard or something? 
Useless nigger 
How is a person a retard by stating facts? 
I still remember one of my followers, keep in mind a GamerGater, got on my case a few weeks ago when I said that MovieBob was a pedophile "Umm, Carl, that's pretty damning, you can't just say that, where's your proof? " Proof, you dumb fucker? Proof is this fat needle dick faggot rubs up against little boys while wearing a mario costume. Just wait a year for "proof" 
Asking you a question is "spewing lies"? Nutcase. I didn't ask you to impress me. I asked you where I can verify your position in scripture. That's when you acted like the cunt you are. Way to represent Yah! Bitter little idiot. 
Oh, sorry to reply out of turn. I'm retarded: 3 
Lol. A California faggot who has never seen a Glock pretends to be a lawyer on Gab on a mission to sue them. Keep running your cocksucker, it's raining here today, and I'm bored. 
Npc Nasty Pathetic Cunt 
Dumb cunt thinks her opinion has done anything but increase gun sales and add gun owners bitch needs one of these. 
Stop being a massive nonce cunt and get laid you fucking incel 
I've never met a lisa that wasn't a cunt 
So let me get this straight. Because you're an illegal spic in San Francisco you get to vote? Well I guess if you murder. You've earned the right to vote in San Fran. 
Fuck this retarded whore out of office 
Lesbos. So that's where that word comes from! Dyke Island. 
Identity politics is retarded on both sides. Wake up man, he was just as bad as the "Drumpf is Hitler" lefties. 
Kangaroo dick sucking hippy faggot 
And Yet you don't have the balls to do any Purging. So stfu and just keep doing your Little trolling you little faggot Nazi wannabe 
Took me 3 minutes but i hacked your webcam. Also have your browser history. Man-on-man porn? You filthy fat assed faggot! Go take a bath! 
Imagine writing out all of that and yet not having a single sentence explaining why it is retarded to believe Jews are behind the migration when there is a Star of David on the truck. Who is the real retard? 
Nothing that faggot ass kenyan piece of shit obungler has to say would interest me! 
Come January his black ass is toast. The noose awaits 
I think Kanye saw through Taylor Twat Swift before any of us saw who she really is. I question no more about why Kanye started cracking on her by taking the microphone away. 
I'll take this nigger over Uncle Ron deSantis any black day of the week ending in Y. Lmaooooo 
According to Cnn, Kanye is a crazy nigger who can't read, as he helps whitey oppress the black man by giving them all jobs. Who knew a crazy nigger could get that rich? 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Take about a dozen into your home, nigger bitch. 
Aids Infested Dead Faggot 
Or are you an Aids infested dead faggot too? 
This whole country is a big faggot ranch. The morals are at an all-time low and that is what is going to destroy society. Besides, we don't call it the Gay Bay for nothing. 
We favor castration for pedophiles and faggots. 
Every honest thinking man knows that God hates fags 
Aussie faggot 
Aussie faggot 
You blinked faggot 
Fucking nigger 
Seriously just how retarded is this guy? 
This is just getting fucking retarded 
Dylann Roof’s prime target: The Nigger State Senator he killed 1st! None of those killed were "innocent" as if that had any meaning in this context. They were "Black Lives Matter" leaders that incited hood niggers to attack Whites. Did I mention they were Niggers? 1960 to 2010 niggers murdered 80, 000+ Whites in U. S. 
Nigger Pets - Mir Power Hour - Nigger Pets Pt 2 - Mir Power Hour - 
You would think after hearing a drooling retard like Trudeau say it no one else would? 
Fuck that cunt 
There was this boring, but attractive, girl. She twisted my arm to read her Very failed master's thesis. Very boring person. But she had mostly cribbed from the aspie retard dude. You could drink a beer with him. Nice how she gave me a roadmap of her intellectual thieving? 
<=== Stupid cunt 
I'm changing my prediction. I see that the bombs were sent to pretty much everybody on the standard Demtard list. That means it's a newbie. Like that kid who shot up a black church. It's just some autistic retard who happened to be a Republican for reasons outside his own control. 
Dear Chelsea, Your cunt looks like a ham sandwich that has been left in the scorching heat all day. Books will be written describing your mental indoctrination by the forces of the left. 
Nazis are not leftists and the poll proves nobody believes this retarded shit. If you mean people who show up to rallies sieg heiling and waving swastika flags fresh out of the packaging, those are Democrat operatives trying to sully the movement in the eyes of the public but it is not because far right movements are actually in favour of multiculturalism. 
Maybe I should just follow my kin in their white flight and leave the hood for good. Havent seen a nigger all day. 
You're a fucking faggot for real. 
That pasty cunt wouldnt know what hit it, if it came down to shooting! 
No Commie Niggers For Gov. We Already Had A Commie Nigger For Pres. 
Jay always lets someone else think for him since he cannot do it himself! Thats how monkey brains are! His Retarded brain can't actually understand Real facts so he posts articles which have Lies written by the same filthy Racist askeNAZI Jews to emphasize that he does not have a functioning brain! He won't ever debate nor ever give a Fact, but he will always call you stupid which he obviously is! When you can't debate, character assassinate! His intellectual deficiencies are immense! 
So wait, you mean the Hamas that is prevented from leaving Gaza by the heebs, and need every penny to buy rockets to kill idf. That Hamas? Well if they did, some kike paid for their airfare. Most americans arent as inbred and retarded as Israelis. 
1-what were niggers doing to other tribes they conquered in africa? I bet using and abusing them as much they could. Mean while notice that hannibal-attila the hun-ghengas khan-etc were trying to conquer/enslave europe time after time. All earths history being vicious war after war for territory. Now though in nigger minds its all whiteys fault. 
Bullshit. The communist, Liberal Left is causing All of the problems, and anyone with a braincell can see it. You all just exist to fool the retarded normies. 
On the retarded and useless require socialism to get by. And everyone i know who has above room temperature Iq can find a job pretty easily. If losing your job at the plant ruins you forever you must not be very smart. 
Maybe that sand nigger will feel safer in Kabul. 
What do you call a rich black guy who lets his underage kids drink alcohol? A nigger 
I don't give a single shit what some communist dyke has to say about an event that she likely caused to happen in the first place. She admitted to harassing and bullying Cruz the psychopath murderer from Cuba. 
This faggot needs a tampon to stuff up his sore little ass. 
She just proves how absolutely retarded the political elite has become, why more and more are turning to Mr Trump, he is not a politician per sa 
McInnes sent his guys to attack y event Antifa style, that faggot deserves neck rope 
Catholicism is more than important, it is true. The current pope may be a faggot communist, but he is just a man who won an election. If you look at where Nationalism is winning in the world, you will see a pattern. Further, if you don’t start to behave you are going to have to dress up in a catholic school girl uniform and be disciplined harshly. 
Gus is a cuck with a mental block against niggers, and by god Jbj is the greatest combat nigger that ever lived. 
True. Being a Swede, he’s afflicted with a congenital submissiveness toward niggers. But he did officially win 2 rounds against Jones in their first fight (many thought he won 4) and he made Jones look ordinary. Jones has never fought while not on PEDs, so as far as I’m concerned his record gets an asterisk next to it until he proves otherwise. 
Retard or academic? 
Stormfaggots are Zog's whigger bitches. 
Mister Metokur can be a fucking cunt sometimes 
Chairman Of Minnesota’s Dfl Party Doesn’t Believe Monahan, the woman who accused Congressman Keith Ellison of domestic violence. What happened to "believe all women? " It doesn't apply in this case because the accused is a Democrat? Nice. Utter Hypocrites Democrats don't even follow the Retarded standard that they Manufactured 
I have killed better men than you in legitimate warfare, and I would reduce you to sobbing with a harsh look Irl. I've thrown away old socks that were manlier than you by virtue of the fact that they had absorbed my sweat, because you're a fat, pathetic virgin. 
What a fat, pathetic virgin. Oh, and you mispelled "guerrilla", faggot dipshit. 
I sure did, you young whippet-snorting, faggot-snapper! 
Eww, a 14 year old. 
I do my retarded best! Tanks! 
I see your post is of course devoid of any facts. Not sure why you useless fucks post that shit, anyone smarter than you knows it isn’t true, and when I say anyone smarter than you, I mean basically everyone because you guys are fucking retarded cunts. 
Wow, even I don’t bitch about Side for days on end the way you do! I don’t even have to make stuff up to truthfully be angry at him. Side leaving Gab was a chickenshit move looking back at it. But between the doxing innocent ppl & yelling at good friends & major fuck up with his girlfriend (me. He felt it was the right choice. At the time, it was his choice, he wasn’t asked, it wasn’t pleasant but he took the out. Side felt it would protect everyone. It hasn’t but your bullshit comments really take the cake. Cc: 
It's quite clear that has a crush on your boyfriend. He's just to much of a sad little e-celeb pussy to admit it. I mean, have you seen how much that faggot talks about Side? His entire page is filled with nothing but "Muh Turbogate and Muh Sidephayze botnet terrorizms" 
Who cares what that skank has to say shes a nigger lover! 
Cuckstianity is a universalist death cult whose continued profits are contingent upon a steady inflow of retards to whom they can sell everything from rosary beads to salvation. If you can't understand this, you might belong in the above mentioned retard category. 
Just Another Dyke Bitch 
Eat Nigger Cock or Die Whitey! 
You didnt list gospel in this bitch? Fuck u 
Hey dipshit, option #5 "other" 
Gospel is Gospel. Not "other". How moronic r u? (very) 
Other is "Anything" other than listed Douchenozzle. 
Not good enough as Other is too vague and not Gospel, it deserved its own dedicated option and if youre to retarded to realize your rabbi prob still touches u 
Hehehehe Riemann had issues he died and left his shit up in the library sanz, like he was trying to be smart like a retarded dove with two broken wings sanz 
So is the word nigger scary to blacks? 
Invading the Us, Gimmegrants 
They have been invading for ages. Unfortunately nothing new there. 
Oh, yes it is when your Illegal President is a Muzzie and brings in a million 
Nothing New, I handed a Burglar with evidence of 7 Burglaries to police who informed me they were unable to arrest the Migrant piece of shit because he was an Asylumn seeker. They the told me I could not evict the cunt from my property, you can guess the answer to that, the Imams Yellow Army put the shit in Police Taxi & had him rehoused in hours Uk Cops Useless Cunts! 
Fat frumpy dyke hate crimes herself. 
A fat dyke cunt 
A person has to be especially retarded to laugh at anything Snl does nowadays! Works well for a Npc Democrat Retard though! 
Lolol fucking murderous heinous cunt 
It will be a 250lb ghetto nigger bitch doing the smothering, though. 
Haha the boomers are going to spend the end of their lives being taken care of by niggers spics and philipinos. I have rubbed this in dads face before. 
Poetic justice. They've spent their entire lives either ignoring, or endorsing the importation of the hoards of savages who hate them, as well as jumping through hoops in order to work against the interests/survival of our people, so it's only right that they get "taken care of" by those same barbarians they protected, or neglected. The future will be filled with malnourished Boomers in nursing homes covered with bed sores and bruises until the 250lb transgendered nigger nursing assistant has a bad day and smothers them with a mildew stained pillow. The sad part is, they will probably be too senile to realize their horrible treatment is a punishment for a lifetime of enabling nightmare world to take root and "blossom". 
Fucking Idiot Sjw Cunt Whore! 
Punished Kavanaugh is a retarded meme. He’s already stated he’s hiring all female clerks and isn’t going to make abortions illegal. He’s going to come out of this with an even hardened position on the need for fairness. 
No. She's a fucking nigger 
You don't have to tell me you're addicted to fake news. Watch out for that muzzie underneath your bed. Lol 
Kamala was a huge nigger wrestler in the 80s. I see the resemblance. 
Not only was this nigger not killed immediately, he got a fucking hearing to appeal his fucking sentence? And he was in a relationship with this 17 y. O. In the first place? Where does it fucking end? Stop being a complacent sack of shit, White man. Ultimately it's on us for being so spiritually debased. Name the jew, uplift our people, smite our enemies. 
This is an attempt to silence wrongthink. If you can't tell that by now, you're retarded sorry. First whatever, second lolicon, third alluding to all porn, now this. It's not hard to guess what this means. 
If I cared that much, I could just mute them and they can have the freedom to talk to other people who might be interested. 
On one hand, there are some really desperate people who like to downvote random posts of mine and spam shit, but on the other hand I trust that most of my followers who I interact with have enough sense to mute them anyways. E-celebs who fear substantial criticism need these kinds of things far more than people who attract obviously baseless spammers. 
I think it is more complicated than that. There are some people here who are just as intolerant and incapable of functional thinking as those they hate on the left. 
Exactly, it's retarded beyond words. 
I'm with ya on that Could'a knocked me over with a feather I remember watching the news when Gh called for a Nwo But had No Idea what he was talking about See, I never really paid politics any attention till that damn Tranny & Faggot Kenyan began occupying the Wh That's when I started learning 
This is a retarded argument 
Glad you can admit to being an autistic retard that wants to suck cock. Now fuck off fag. 
The only way to remedy the jewish problem in the long term is to wake up as many people as possible. A guy going out and killing jews makes it harder to wake normies up. Society as a whole must deal with the jews. And vigilantism will only impede achievement of the societal mass-awakening. If anyone who is woke to the jews can honestly say that upon their initial awakening, that unilateral action did not cross their mind, comment here, and I will call you a liar. We are dealing with the most genocidal, evil, deceptive group of people to ever live, and some people who wake up to their evil just cannot bear the pain that comes with being awake before a critical mass of the population is awake. If you feel like hurting jews, Just Go Out And Name The Jew instead. 
"Bitch, your submissive whining is what makes us look bad. I’m sure there’s plenty of nice old nigger church ladies in South Africa helping finance the ongoing slaughter of Whites over there, too. " 
Lying Cunt Bitch! 
Oh no! Mw the faggot who says he likes "pretty boys" was censored! Better get Fed Ice on the case. 
Get fucked you low life unwashed drug fucked unemployed Nazi racist racist Antifa cunt! 
Once again you show how fucking retarded you are you r@cist Nazi cunt. I am Aboriginal therefore unlike yourself I am most definitely not a racist Nazi cunt. Furthermore I will continue to respond to your fucking racist Nazi cunt comments. You have no authority to tell me what to do you fuckwit. 
He's a nobody that's about to get stomped in the upcoming election. But Dems are going to try to paint this retard as the spokesperson for the entire Gop. 
Fuck this gay earth. If this doesn't trigger that nigger jesus to come back nothing will. 
Fuck Off You Stupid FuckING Nigger FuckER! Go Suck A Cock, FuckTARD! 
No one hates a nigger like a nigger. 
Lowes Tv commercial just showed & Negro & a White woman appearing as married. Hardly anything can be more offensive, as it has been since the beginning of time, than masegination. 
It started withObama. 2 mos after he was in the cunt running History Ch Wiped Out History & put in Bs/Pawn Stars. I spoke to her on the ph. She said no1 wanted to see History any more. I was Flabbergasted by her stupidity. Then McD's put on a Commercial with the Blackest Negro guy sitting withthe whitest platinum blonde ever. I called & Railed at McD's. I never saw it again. 
That mixed with a black muslim dumbass President while we were in a war with them. It was rape by people dumber than dirt. It's no wonder people have tattoos all over themselves. Acting like crazy people. 
Free Them ALLThe Truth Fears No Investigation: Please Post-Everywhere 
Free Them ALLThe Truth Fears No Investigation: Please Post-Everywhere 
What a crock of shit. Men are the shit carriers for every moaning faced twat like her. We fight the wars, we protect her and the children. We work ourselves into an early grave to let them stay home and drink gin. What a cunt! 
Then they bring in the house nigger April Ryan, and the white stooge! 
I call everybody a faggot so I guess im cool 
Yet. You like Hard Fags. Sort of Contradictory don't you suck? I mean think. You grew up with your Hillbilly Daddy fucking you. All people named Sims have turned out to be Gay! You Sim-Ulate being human. As most Country Fuck Hillbillies do. Real Men frighten you. 
Maybe he means every black faggot like him! ) 
I like it though. Wuz always wondering who was that faggot that made it! Seems filmed in Bruxhells. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
I would like to give the most dedicated retard award to - that dumb fucker has been trolling my posts for literally fifteen days - and I would have never known it if I didn't explore the "spam" tab Lol. You're welcome to everyone who didn't have to pay attention to the asshole because he was busy yelling into an empty forest. 
Fucking Ugly Is What That Twat Is! Big Black Ugly, Ugly Eyebrows! 
Faggot nigger 
Hayse is a faggot 
Oh look. A faggot Jew. 
Girl has a big problem. Her tongue and her twat both talk at the same time and the results are garbled. 
You Brits better start thinking of teaming up with the Ira to fix your muzzie problem 
Except Sinn Fein are on the muzzies side. 
I've explained in another reply to you get rid of the romantic nonsense about Sinn Fein/Ira. They are open commie gangsters. 
I attempted to watch one of his Bollywood documentaries and in the first minute or so he was bashing Andrew Jackson! Fucking curry nigger bashing the only President to say Fu to the (bankers. 
I remember that it was a local muzzie mp who had to fight to extradite them back from Pakistan because the Scottish govt couldn't be bothered. And he only did it to ease community tensions to avoid troubles. Sad story and indicative of how Scotland was going. 
More dangerous than just a really stupid cunt, is a cunt that thinks they're smart, but are just as dumb as a ziplock baggie. At least the baggie serves a purpose and is not a pain in the ass. 
Get the nigger in the car before the rest of the herd assaults us 
The nigger plague 
Has owens ever said anything that wasn't retarded 
That obvious retard emily needs to re-read her idiot postings that contradict herself. "some innocent men's. " "that is a price I am absoutely willing to pay". What's she paying for? It's not her reputation that's being trashed & lied about. But we Can make that happen. I think emily needs a dose of her own medicine. 
Rich, white, liberals, butt nugget, Amy Schumer says white Nfl players who don't kneel are racists. Oh and she refuses to be in any ads that air during the Super Bowl. Shhh! You hear that? That's Jimmy. He's cracking corn and I don't care. Rofl! 
Who is the nigger amy schumer? 
I keep telling Torba to clean this fucking place up but he’s as useless as workboots on a nigger i dont know wtf im gonna do 
Get a job, sheboon! That's how white folks afford things like babies, they work. Also, stop fucking every buck nigger in Slabtown and you won't be pregnant every time you turn around. 
Trudeau! Stop pig terrorists in country. As pothead, pot=your god! Not everyone in Can has yr illiterate habits. Dump pigs! See Spain, Portugal etc. Thank Heavens for crusaders whose job isn't finished. Cruds like you ruining country, Cdns are hopeless. Silly twat Jody Wilson R praises twats wearing rags! You Scrape Bottom Of Barrel! 
Nigger breeds niggerdog. White people rescue niggerdog. Niggerdog kills white people. Pitbulls So a nigger can meet his whitey-killing quota without ever having to haul his black ass out of the house. 
Michael, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
More of our Nation's retarded Jew driven foreign policy. I really hate that Zionist Hoebag, Nikki Haley. 
Your a Fuckin left faggot libtard so watch yourself! 
Trump said he was a different kind of republican and everyone would have health care. He lead the effort to repeal affordable care act, throwing 32 million people off their health care. 
So what is the Un going to do about all the Christians that are being murdered around the world by these Camel piss Drinking Goat Fucking Raghead Muslims! 
Liberals write retard narratives, let's sum it all up in a paragraph, how many nonfacts can we cram in a sentence to brainwash, everything you read from major media is absolute Bs. 
Tommy is pro-Israel because they are fighting Islam too pillock. Enemy of my enemy. 
Twat, he loves them because they finance him. Book deals are a dead give away. 
I have a theory about these idiots who keep calling Tommy Jewish. They are either Right Wing Watch Trolls planting devide & conquer stories to demonize influential peoples reputations. Or they could be Muslim Trolls trying to do the same? Cause there can't be that many nutters that believe this shit. 
You’re actually worse than a Jew. You are a nigger loving white man who is complicit in the destruction of western civilization by pointing to the symptom (muzzies) as opposed to the disease (Jews) 
Here he is, Mongo No Lie. Not happy I met a gorgeous black girl last weekend who is way out of his league lol 
Do please tell us about this fancy participation trophy you stumbled upon. No one finds nigger ape skanks attractive, even nigger ape boys. It’s more likely you can’t find an attractive white woman willing to sleep with you. 
Jews advocate marrying Jews. Asians advocate marrying asians. Muslims advocate marrying Muslims. But if Whites advocate marrying whites and Not marrying fucking niggers - we’re racists! 
That isn't racist if you want to marry whites. That's your choice. What this lot on here do is call other races different species so me seeing a black girl is beastiality. Now that is slightly err racist. 
Is it racist if it’s true though? 
If it were true it would be a fact. The fact that you lot Try to make it true, when it isn't, for your own nefarious purposes makes it racist. Understand? 
This is fact: Niggers have never made anything better, anywhere in the world. 
This isn't what you were talking about is it. And non white Japanese certainly took our inventions and improved them considerably. 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
Follow me again, faggot ) 
Thanks for pointing out another fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitch to mute. ) 
Its not just the Gay Mafia at Twitter. There chocked full of the most retarded leftist socialist fucktards imaginable. 
Ahhhhh sweet sweet nigger behavior. But they are ppl too. Fuck any white person that sides or sticks up from these evolutionary throwbacks. 
Credit where its due, he made it to the top of his sport; Personality wise he's bit of cunt which i get if you have to be to make it to the top; but other people make the throne who seem genuine good people, so there is that 
Georgia teacher accused of sex assault is found dead, police say Faggot pedophile. No tears. 
I'm not anti-muslim, I'm anti-sand nigger ape terrorist kebab. Black Identitarians Attack the Jews: 
Faggot 
Trump Faggot Spotted! 
Agreed. Lindsey is acting a little fucking retarded here. 
Oy vey! Anti Semite. Jews can do no wrong. Shut the fuck up you faggot. Go get fucked by a nigger 
Tf does this bullshit mean. Listen Silverdouche, you think you are helping the movement and you dont even know the meaning of Kike You are a fuckin retard who sits behind a computer who thinks thau are doing something. Lol Meme deez nutz Pussy 
Look at home look on Pakistan and eye popping cunt I mean hunt 
Another Faggot is Muted 
The way I keep getting hit with same post every day I think it's the same Faggot over & over I think he's creating more accounts with different names A week ago the posts began as an introduction as the tranny porn guy then went into the boomer bashing Same Exact post every time Why I think it's the same faggot each time 
Spoken like one with absolutely zero knowledge and one who relies on the government for your "facts" With all due respect - who the fuck are you to determine Anyone's account ability! Who the fuck are you to control another persons life? Live and let live. Are you sure you don't feel better using twatter and fakebook? Seems like you like to control people's thoughts and actions, js Piss off you ignorant cunt 
Bitch, you need an Id to get into a damned movie. 
Another obama criminal cunt mouthing off 
Message me cunt 
On this day, 10 Oct 732, outnumbered Christian forces under Frankish king Charles Martel crushed a massive Muslim horde of smelly jabbering Arab invaders at the decisive Battle of Tours in France. This Christian victory saved Europe from the brutality, oppression & backwardness of Islamic domination. 
"Charles has been known as Charlemagne ever since. " Nope. Charles Martel was the grandfather of Charlemagne. Martel stemmed the muzzie incursion into Western Europe, his grandson took the fight to the muzzies and began the long process of liberating the Iberian peninsula from the islamic defilement. 
I wish he would sue her and the Democrat Party, That cunt already has a lot of money from the Go Fund Me pages made for her. 
Who fucking cares about sand nigger Palestinians. 
I Will Not support this one. Not interested in a Sjw nigger loving virtue signaler. Will oppose her to all my friends and elected officials. 
What a stupid fucking cunt 
Another retarded abused, raped Hollywood star! 
Antifa is fake, the alt right is fake and so is the Sodomite Alex Jones. Spreely will not work out for you scum bags! Spreely is as fake as InfinitySN was and also exist for control. We the people are watching and you Alex Jones and the rest of your Communist Liberals have lost yet again you Bitch ass Dick sucker Faggot rolly pollie! 
Where the hell did they ever get the idea that anyone cares what the fuck Taylor cunt Swift thinks? I believe if you put your ear up to her pussy you can hear the ocean. 
I bet if it was a sand nigger bombing americans it wouldn't even be covered 
Stupid nigger in charge 
Nazis died off in 1945. Are you as retarded as the liberals? 
What are you, short attention span theater or just retarded? You mentioned nazi's I responded; keep up idiot. 
Go watch the nigger felon league and eat some kosher sausage faggot 
And a huge greasy coily for that cunt. 
And these lying cunts incessantly trying to control what we say & how we choose to say it! 
Meth induced faggot minds. 
Retard muted 
What a cunt 
Can we consider getting a "Delete Comment" button for when retarded ass niggas say stupid shit on my posts thanks. 
Then the kikes and boomers would have nothing but kosher replies. Sorry cupcake, but you'll have to take it for the team. 
Strictly prohibits Muslim women to appear in public without male companion. Yet, in this interview Belgium's Islamic party's leader explains they want to separate men & women when they appear in public. Why? So the Muslim rapists can freely attack white women and children, while travelling unprotected by their male family members or friends? Wow. 
While I want to agree you are going to have to have a civil war. The Npc cucks from cuckfornia are moving out to escape the horrors they have inflicted and instead of learning they bring the same politics to their new location. It's the magic dirt thing you can take a nigger out of africa but you can't take africa out niggers. If I lived in the Uk I'd move to poland. 
Secret handshake: The Double Dutch Rudder. 
What is a "Double Dutch Rudder"? 
And 'mgtow' doesn't exist. The reason that white people aren't having children is because it's financially impossible. And it's financially impossible due to the existence of said system, fed daily by white families and white people plugged into the system. 
You're full of shit. You're also an idiot. Varg has what 4, 5 children and lives in the middle of nowhere. Did that stop the french pigs from shooting through his door at 4am, arresting all of them and almost killing them? And since the ability to destroy a thing means having absolute power over a thing, you are Absolutely dependent on the system. 
You didn't really explain anything. You just scapegoated why people aren't having kids in some convoluted train of thought that is summed up as "Best way to stick it to the Jews in power is to not procreate. " Or is Time Magazine suddenly red-pilled, woke, and legitimate? "Don't have kids, goys" has been one of (their) central message for a few years, now. 
Inb4 hurrrr but I have 3 kids durrrr. Yeah, well, the rest of the white world can only fantasize about being as industrious as you are. 
Or they can quit making excuses, nut up, and work towards it. Nothing worthwhile comes easy. 
This dude is a kike clearly. 
Stfu kike faggot 
If Dick Nigger is a Pagan, Then I’m gonna be a Satan Worshipper 
I just can’t believe that Dick Nigger is a Pagan now. I don’t like this Timeline. 
Yup. It wasn't. It was some Nazi dipshit retard that liked to say 'gas the kikes'. Those people are stupid. 
Anything above 0 is too much, why would anyone care about some dumb cunt that wanted to have a Coon Kardashian ass and died like a retard. 
Hirono: 'Sexual Predator' Trump Has a 'Mistrust of Women': Hirono has got to be the biggest cunt in our government. Maxine Waters is a close 2nd 
Cons: the controls are a nightmare to use. The whole engine seems kinda sluggish and clunky, and everything wrong with contemporary nintendo is on full display ie beating us over the head as if we're too retarded to understand games, adding stupid pointless gimmicks and of course dumbing down the game. Also luigi turns like a freight train 
I cant wait when they kill this faggot with that same bat. 
We have had a Kenyan muzzie as a so called president, why not a porn lawyer? 
Funny thing is their retarded voters will probably fall for this stunt! 
A piece of shit in a Trump world. She can hate all she wants the fact is she is a goofy minority in the grand scheme of things And this twisted mentally retarded person has to live every day in our world is punishment enough for this flounder. 
You need to kill some jews right now or you're a faggot optics cuck. C'mon pussy. Bomb a federal building. Do it. 
No doubt the Jews in time will rule over Brazil. A not too bright Portuguese nigger country. Aka little africa. 
Ehrmahgerd. Did that bitch just have some cosmetic tucking done? Let the old cunt keep talking, I need a good laugh every now and then! She believes one stems from the other. Can't get anymore stupid that that! She really has some doozies of a mind fart every now and then! 
Would’ve been funny to see what would happen if his interview was before the game was over At this point, I think more people in America would be interested in watching the Trump interview than the stupid take a knee retarded game. 
Ok, i feel like a nigger in the Mediterranean right now. 
Retard 
Put on mute. She is a troll harassment account of a great contributor to Gab, . Muting geezy is a valuable contribution to the Gab community and helps differentiate us from Twitter who bans people. Chose to not join our community meaningfully so this is how a caring community deals with problems like this, especially when it targets their neighbor deliberately. 
Stupid Jew, God hates you. 
May you be accursed and cast into Hell where you will be sodomized by demons for the rest of eternity. 
Maybe I'm a demon and you just prayed for me to go home and engage in activity that is nurturing and fun for me. 
Filth. Why Must You Do The Fudgepack Act? 
Why must you use all caps (as only crazy people do) and further describe sodomy so that everyone is grossed out? 
God has given you over to a reprobate mind. 
You prayed for another person to be damned simply for typing an opinion with which you disagree and I'm reprobate? Christianity, you're doing it wrong. 
Fucking faggot hippy cunt 
I saw a Nigger on a bike earlier and thought it would be funny to push him off. Bad idea really. Some fucker reported me and I lost my gym membership 
Is a retarded troll, he just says the most retarded shit to fuck with ppl 
What is that nigger bitch doing with straight blonde hair then? Bitch you aint white! 
Aww. Looky! We have two fairy gay faggot Antifa members that downvoted this. Lol 
So, you want your stupid assed child to suffer just because You are fucking mentally retarded and should never have bred? Why not just choose "? ", that way You can give up one more responsibility that you were supposed to do, and just let your child decide what gender/sex they want to be when they are not taught what to do. 
I'm going to keep posting porn, Every Fucking Day on this site, and there is Absolutely Nothing that phony, undeservedly-self-righteous faggots like yourself can or ever will do to stop me. 
Is this a left-wing cunt or a right-wing cunt? 
Your cunt is beneath your nose. Ur probably a cock sucker 
Eric Holder Is A Fucking Nigger Jackass! 
Faggot nigger 
I can turn into a big cock so that your mother can sit on. Give me her number little faggot 
Cory booker is nothing but a lying sand nigger 
Anyone who lies about any sex offense should be held accountable, Maybe a lting cunt registry, So men know who not to date! 
No she doesn't get it. I've had up close & personal dealings with this asswipe. She's literally dumber than a bag of rocks. This stupid troll is oblivious to anything around her. It's No exaggeration when I tell you that she's the most retarded person I've ever witnessed. 
Hey Nazi’s, you know hitler didn’t believe in the second amendment, right? So, have you given up your arms yet, and are you ready to be under state owned enslavement? Both of these guys were selling an absolute lie, from which they, their friends, and comrades benefited greatly! 
Have you ever noticed? That despite Americans having the right to bear arms. They are still to scared to drive out the corrupt politicians. Weapons aren’t magical talismans to ward off evil. 
I wouldn’t say that. Government is meant to be as small, and unrestrictive as possible! Our society has grown into a nanny state! 
What’s the purpose of governance if not to take care of the people? In monarchy the king of the nation is considered the father. It’s one big family structure to government. 
I'm twice as smart as you. Nigger. 
Everyone is smarter than me apparently lol. 
That's because Mexicans have a lower Iq. And you're in a white country Sanchez 
A white country run by Jews no less. 
Nigger 
That really hurts my feelings. I’m a sad Mexican nigger. D: 
I want the address of Christine Ballsey Fraud so we can reciprocate! Look at this pussy faggot and weep for America. That faggot needs a little football! 
Sorry you're a retard who supports violence and hates America. You keyboard warrior cowards are all the same. Lies, bullshit, and brainless. 
Faggot 
It will take a lot for me to ever let this faggot off the hook. Think of all the shit he has done over the years. One week of media attention will not change my mind. This dude need to fall on a grenade at the very least. 
Communists and Fascists are two sides of the same retarded coin. Both are moronic fools that end up destroying their own countries. 
Just kick his retarded ass. He will crawl back into his hole. 
Why would they target Maxine Waters. That stupid nigger is a asset for the republican party 
Hey Hillary. Black panther is an Old ass movie now. Why don’t you give us your retarded commentary on Fast times at Ridgmont High or how about Ferris Buellers day off or gone with the wind. What an old ass Vcr loser. 
Hey Hillary, what else do you like? Hillary: Well, I like long walks at Aushwitz and other places of mass ritualistic human sacrifice, because it gives me a chance to really Think about my future goals; I like Loud suits and Lesbo haircuts; and oh yes, my ultimate favorite, is virgin blood. 
. And then the govt. Forced the niggers into white schools, thinking it would lift the bestial nature of the nigger. Instead, it lowered the level of education to that of the bestial nigger. 
You can take the nigger out of the jungle but you can't take the jungle out of the nigger. 
Let us undo the Liberal Retard actions from the Barack Obama administration. 
Dude. Melania is fluent in 5 languages. How many languages do you speak? Leave it to an uneducated commie fuckwit to make such a retarded remark. Quick tell us all how "socialism" will work "this time". That shit never gets old. 
Because they were prepared to sell us out when cunt hiLIARy won the election. (Soon to be dead) George Soros funded the program and was ready to flood the Us with shit hole African rapefugees. 
Faggot 
In anyone's Opinion, Christine Ford is a: A: Cunt B: Whore C: Slut D: All of the above 
Fuck this stupid nigger 
More paki rapists decaying the 
Do people really think we are getting the best and brightest citizens? Him. I hope not. Would it make sense for these countries to send their brightest or do they view this as an opportunity to clear their jails of their worst offenders and ship them out so they become others peoples problems. 
Assuming there are any bright ones in these shitholes. Centuries of inbreeding keeps Iq’s down in the retarded range. 
Don Lemon, where do i begin. You dont even understand your own gender or the path you were intended to follow. This is what you Should Be Doing not sucking another mans Dick. You are no expert on anything, a horrible role model and a confused queer, why should anyone care what you say? 
Silly faggot you got it all backwards. 
Jared Taylor is bluepilled. I’ve never heard him say nigger or kike. 
I gouged his eye out with my thumb, so the only work he’ll be getting now is as an extra in a muslim pirate movie. Id call you a cunt, but a cunt isnt useless. And since Gay seems to bother you so much will stay with that. Now put the cock back in your drizzle trap and go make mommie a drink, shitknuckle. 
Don’t be so mean to the elephants, they are just big boned. Unlike that fat cunt 
Silly you. What is sad is you displaying photos of a good White friend, and passing her off as your 'wife', whilst at the same time, displaying your hatred for your own race. Fear not, I quite understand your hatred for your own race. I would hate my race too were it a low-Iq Nigger animal race. Surely you have considered raping that friend of yours, yes? 
And Justine Truedough, like the fairy gay faggot he is, will comply without a whimper. 
I have a friend who considers himself a right-wing Christian. He is livid that I refuse to vote in the midterms (and has even threatened to end our friendship. His problem is that he listens to alt media filling his head with 4-D chess narratives. This is why I have nothing but harsh invective for the American alt-right. You assholes are leading us off a cliff. 
Politicians misspeak all the time Yes I'm sure Kasich, a Rino and Trump hater, conspired to put McCain to death and knew about it advance. When McCain was a Rino and loved by other Rinos You are dumber than a black African. 
No, as a muzzo u misread me, or are just playing shill games. I said he was trying to manipulate ppl against Reps (ie he's a rhino. Not that he had anything to do with the decision. He didn't mispeak. No one in history accidentally said someone was "put to death" when they died naturally. Now fuck off. Not your nigger & not interested in u wasting my valuable time. 
Damn straight. 
Actually no, these findings do not indicate Scandinavians were first, only that at some point a person, maybe even a traveller was at that location. And "dark skinned with dark eyes" does not mean nigger like. Didn't you idiots learn anything from the chedar hoax? 
Once you're redpilled on the Jq and then the homo Q. You find this faggot very irrelevant. 
I was trying to be polite with the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. 
Message to Civic Nationalist Fags: Token minorities are not going to save Western Civilisation. 
The amount of retarded whites in a white nation is insignificant. Sane whites outnumber them. Retarded whites become a problem when they team up with (and get funded by) non-whites in a civic nationalist society. 
Soros is a jew. His father was a Communist Jew. Flooding majority white countries with non whites is something a jew would do 
His mother was jewish as well. Holly shit I swear some of you are fucking retarded 
Blackface is actually a compliment to niggers. Crackers used to practice it because they saw the way cracker women looked at nigger men. The look was Not Good! 
Fuck off nigger! Thank Nature for the Sickle Cell! 
There's a nigger here? On Gab? Are you sure? 
Na na nigger 
Disgusting Nyt hired this racist, ignorant bitch. She is going to be Served a Large Dose of from God! #WWG1WGA#Trump2020 #GabFam 
Every time i see a piece of useless shit Sjw i openly hope they are found gutted in a dumpster where bums take many shits 
This cunt needs a karmic ass fucking 
I’ll give it to ya. If someone as fucking retarded as your 1/2 wit ass can figure out how to type with their toes, anything is possible. 
The Struggle: - to find pants that fit without looking like they're on backwards - to lay off the Cheetos, Kfc and buckets of ice cream - to fend off all those amorous nigger bucks - to avoid being mistaken for an escapee from the local pig farm or Sea World - to have sex without having to roll in flour so their "partner" can find the wet spot - to avoid those pesky surfers who want to slap her on the thigh so they can ride the big wave 
When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
Unfortunately the Jews destroyed my family to the point where I simply could no longer tolerate talking to any of them. Sad but true. 
You can almost hear the autistic screeching emanating from your monitor 
Also, why do you censor words like "dick" and "shit", but don't censor the word "nigger"? I think the word nigger is a lot more offensive to people than dick or shit lmfao. 
Says the retard who believes Somalians are necessary for a prosperous society. Gtfo 
Lol, the only movement Ford ever started was a bowel movement. She was a foolish pawn in a wicked game, and We will see it through until Ellen's rotten lez cunt has turned to dust. 
Lindesy Graham is a pedo or homo but its good to have some trolling against the leftie jew side. 
Oh yeah no I hate that Jew loving faggot but good shit posting is good shit posting. 
The Bernie retard loser cult. 
. National Socialist. Got You Potty Trained no more nazi ha haha hha hah hah ahah ahaa cunt 
I'm muting you now since you're obviously a retarded illiterate. Bye. 
To show how retarded the left is. 
Get fucked nigger faggot this isn't high school, and it's clear you don't respect self defense laws because you're a gay homosexual black nigger 
She’s an asshole too, as well as that nigger wannabe 
Yeah because he isn't a faggot from the Gop 
Get the sand nigger cock out ya mouth. Dems are shitting themselves right now 
(sigh) another faggot cuck 
. I'm foaming at the mouth. Show everyone my post of foaming at the mouth. Even eddy has turned he's back on you. 
Sorry Joanne. 
Look guys a Chicken is making me look dumb Af, Well because I am a dumb af Troll with splouge on the mind Thats what you wanted to say Right John 
What guys stop looking for help. Don't see me doing that. 
Johnny be good ain't it? 
No. It’s Johnny is a Anal Wart 
Stdeane you have turned up and joined the group identity antifa mob. When Johnny comes calling you 3 won't stop cumming. 
Give up the act. Oh who cares. Not who cares, say i don't care. Who and we in your post's. Makes you look desperate and needy for approval. Hard to look at. 
Johnny so glad you’re still around, you seem pissy, what’s the Problem? 
No problem. Seem pissy. No 100 % no. People who are pissy and shit yourself wankers cry baby bum bandits. Is people who mute but reply because they don't like the truth. 
Beg to differ. The 5 of you are doing just fine. Weak point for you is. Only come out your shell when you can hide behind others 
Johnny I don’t hide buttercup Here I am Johnny, Heres Joey 
My eyes are closed. I pretend that I didn't see that. Please tell me that is a gif. Won't even screenshot it. I ain't that much of a cunt? 
Your a Cunt Johnny why r u a cunt Johnny, did momma tell you that your whole life? 
Also I'm betting this faggot downvoted the 14 words. So, that means he's not white 
Silicon Valley of course. I don't even consider Google, Facebook and Twitter real companies. Don't make anything. Just thought of an idea first and it went from there. Zuckerberg stole the idea. They are just left wing playthings for twats who have too much money. Why they aren't run properly. 
So the only real companies "make things"? Pity that you think 80% of Uk economy isn't real. Why are you such a retarded cunt? You need to get a job. 
Hey! Our resident real left wing Marxist twat is back. Calls himself True Brit. True Traitor more like. Real companies make things or serve people in a useful capacity moron. Google, Facebook and Twitter are shite left wing indoctrination platforms. Still a coward hiding behind anonymity I see ) 
You said "make things". Now you backtrack again. Do you alone decide what a useful capacity is or are you just upset at them and you act like a snowflake? Pussy. 
Upset because you were caught out being a retarded cunt? You can't stop backtracking can you? Why are you so easy to run rings round? 
As for the Uk turning brown, that is sad. But I've never been there. I wish the White Brits godspeed. I am an American, ok? Reading Is Fundamental Retard 
You Forgot My Birthday Too U Chubby Little Faggot! Nigger U Better Send Me SOMe Sweet Gifts Or Else! 
U 14 Now? Pussy U Old Enough To Get Choked Until Your Eyes Pop Out Lol 
I've been old enough for that for years u homo. Now Make With Some Sweet Gifts! 
Both of you are underage faggots who like to fuck each other nobody cares shut up faggots 
I said nobody cares shut up faggot. 
Drop dead ya cunt 
Pwned faggot liar spammer deletes all his posts in 5, 4, 3, 2. 
Report me faggot 
You can tell he's a cunt by the amount of fucking he does. 
Anyone who thinks manliness comes from a man's beard is 100% retarded and probably 99% gay. 
I think the only way to solve our problems is to group up and not let ourselves be "led" by a bunch of faggot conservatives. Screw the ballot box. 
Walking Out Of A Store A Downssyndrome Afflicted Gross Gook China Motherfucker With A Tattoo Upper L Cheek Giving Me Hard Looks Arms Crossed Heavy Light Tan Ll Bean Cardigan Sweater Past Waist Length Looked Like A MILlIOnAIRE. I Laughed Aloud. Do The World A Favor Deficient Gook Gangstah MotherfuckerS Lil Pee Pee Ping Pong She xi And un Who Rapes School Girls Nightly And Tortured Otto And Served Him Up To Us On A Stretcher, Slit Your Throats In FROnT Of Mirrors. Ur BEInG Rounded Up And Dumped InTo MAInLAnd China And YourE STAYInG TheRE; DITTo SheEK Salomi And ALl Gangstah Saudis; DITTo Filthy Dirty Kike Creep Genetic Jews Jewesses Slit Your Throats, The WorldS GETTInG Better Already You Parasites, Baby Rapers And Much Much More Via Your Bible Of Hate 22 Books Of The Talmud. Ur So CALlED KOSheR Food Tax FELOnY RACKETEERInG SCHEMe Has Ended. Your Fucked Up Forced Affirmative ACTIOn Has Ended. No More TAKInG From Whitey You Cocksuckers. Non-Goyem Filthy KikeS Genetic Jews Jewesses Kneel Bend Your Necks Before Ur Masters===> White People, YouNG And Old. White People Have The Most CROMAGNon Dna Genetic MAKEUp. Filthy KikeS Genetic Jews Jewesses And GookS And Retarded SheEK Salomi Type Saudis Have The Most NEAndERTHAL Dna Genetic Type MAKEUp. You ALl KNoW CROMAGNon And NEAndERTHAL Fucked OnE ANoTheR; At OnE POInT In TIMe When SoMe Horny CROMAGNon Didnt KNoW Any Better. SoMeTHInG Like White People Who Defile TheMSELVES And TheIR People By DROPPing Non-White ABOMInAtIOnS Like/As Fucked Up In The Head Harry You KNoW The PRInCE Who Fucks A Nigger And SoOn TheYLl Have A MOnKEY In The Middle And The Filthy KikeSS Genetic Jewess Queen Who Has Pimples On Her Arse Is THRILlED, Oh, Wait A MInUTE, Fucked Up In The Head Harry Is A Filthy Kike Genetic Jew ToO! Never MInD. YourE BEInG Replaced By White Families Who Are Of COAsTAL ENGLAnd FIsHInG ToWNS KikeS Filthy Jews Jewesses Of The So CALlED Royal Family Of ENGLAnd; White People Of ENGLAnd Own Her (ENGLAnd) You Do NoT KikeS Filthy Genetic Jews Jewesses RULInG ENGLAnd For NoW AnyWAY. And ALl===> KOSheR Food And Goods Tax Is Banned; Affirmative ACTIOn Is Banned; Banned Is Any Filthy Kike Genetic Jew Jewess In A Power POSITIOn; CAsH As Free SPeeCH To Bribe COnGRESSES Via Aipac Etc Is Banned. UNDERSToOD? 
Come on you limey bastards! Take it back; send the muslims home & dig that rat fuck Rothschild out of his bunker & do whatever you feel appropriate. 
I could care less wheather or not it is photoshopped. It just looks odd. Either way do you think these men speak for all of Ireland? They definitely don't speak for me. So am I a potato nigger too? 
Gag is right. He is a Soy Pu$$y of his Muzzie Girlfriend. 
Just another fucking traitorous, commie nigger bitch1 
Actually, I installed 2 new shower heads, did several loads of laundry and other things that go with having a life outside social media. Like watching Brett Kavanagh being voted in as a supreme court judge & listened to the Trump Rally in Ks. Still, I always have time to kick my favorite sociopathic retard (that’s you) in the ass for his stupid comments. You should should be impressed if you believe I did those things while drinking boxed wine. Cc: 
That guy is such a total faggot. 
Maybe I am just a fucking retard of a filthy infidel, but my brain cells can't see this obviousness. What is this obvious truth you speak of? Big celestial sign in the heavens that says: "Thus sayeth the Lord. "? A booming voice rumbling off a smoking mountain? Angelic chariots of fire? That's my expectation for obvious. 
Gab: Clock Boy my ass. That little sand nigger knew what he was doing. It looked like a bomb! It had wires and a timer. I Dont Care If It Was Fake! We take all threats seriously in America NPCs making fake bombs to get attention. Fucking morons. Oh look, they shoot up a grocery store b/c their bombs are so fake looking. Move along, nothing to see here. 
By voting instead of trying to start war and being shot? You are either an idiot, or another one of the Muzzo shills/trolls. 
On a site full of brain dead imbeciles, didndu nuffin is probably the stupidest fucking retard of them all. 
Did they finally get rid of this faggot 
Prob pulling muzzie later and a godo moon cake 
Dumb twat say what? 
Stupid faggot 
Stupid fucking nigger 
You’re an old dog faced retard who can’t see the forest through the trees 
PatriotInfidel = faggot 
Everyone knows teens are hot just like everyone knows trans ppl r mentally ill n that saying nigger is funny and not at all racist ur just not allowed to say it 
Vogue editor. Bitch needs to edit her decision to leave the house look like a fucking retarded pumpkin-pie haircutted freak bag lady 
I know it's horrible I just come type retard and nigger get it out my system and back to twatter. 
Heard anything from that faggot? 
Stupid niggers. 
The stupid nigger used only Jewish scholars to prove it. 
We need to treat human like human, ghost like ghost and faggot like faggot. 
Very good video, the Bbc and Hollywood are trying to erase all white history and replace it with a false nigger history. The blacks never had an empire or any kind of real history and thats why the liberal progressives are pushing all this Pc crap. They resent all British and it's past great colonial empire. 
Bbc is no longer British, it's jews, niggers, Indians and such 
Soros is a Nazi. He has even publicly stated he was proud of the work he did with the Nazi's 
And the point is? 
And the point is? Jews have brown pets they hate whites 
Oh no. They are African. They have the same skin tone Indians are what happens when you run out of cream. Kind of like the black Irish forced to fuck niggers. 
No race to identify with? Depression sets in. Mixed-Race Teens Prone to Depression 
Incorrect. The term "Black Irish" originates from Irish walnut farmers from the north western areas of Ireland. Their hands were often so stained from the walnut husks after harvest that their hands were stained black. 
The Irish were bred with the blacks in America and in the slave trade 
And my coworkers were shocked when I said, Irish potato nigger today. 
Tomorrow say hey I really didn’t appreciate it when after i said potato nigger u acted like a giant faggit try to remember that im only dealing with u cuz we work together we aren’t friends and then file a Complaint with Human Resources 
Faggot 
Dried up old cunt having a menopausal hissy fit. Those hot flashes are a bitch! Someone drop her in the Antarctic Ocean and watch the glaciers melt. 
Anybody just hear Potus body slam that broad? Djt: Thinking? No reason to start now. Reporter: Excuse me? She says in the all too typical cunt reporter tone. Little cunts have berated this president unmercifully for two years straight, every second of every day. I won't mind if he kicks her in the side too. Stfu Deep State Hacks 
A Retard Teaching Retards, Sounds like Today's School System to me. 
Thank God our culture and education system are there to fill the void in crafting them into full-on retarded savages. \sarc 
The picture isnt opening for me So let me guess who Canadas faggot trudeau? 
This Nigger Bitch Is Another COMMUNIsT Who Needs Destroyed Like All The Rest Of TheM. 
You ain't gonna do shit nigger 
Candace needs to read a history book. That symbol is the communist salute. Clearly blacks are too retarded to know that it was in fact the communist that taught that salute to the blacks. They are literally too dumb to come up with their own symbols 
Holly Molly, Jeb married a spic dwarf! 
Yup I have said this before, and I will say it again. Our foreign policy looks like it was drafted by a schizophrenic retard from hell. Only it really isn't, because Jews are in control of it. All this contradictory bullshit serves the interests of our master, Israel. 
There will Not be a Sand Nigger Socialist as Governor in Florida. 
Diseased Septic Cunt Whore 
Pisses me off how retarded people are these days 
Hey brother, I think we got gassed at the same time Targeted by that report faggot Ca1m 
I left a dislike you cunt ) 
Cunt 
Obama Is A Buttfucking, Faggot Assed, Moslem, Cock Sucking, Nigger Monkey. Who Nearly Brought Down America We WeRE On Our Knees Praying To God For Help When, Jesus Compelled DOnALD Trump To! 
Yeah, Sure. "For lulz" Nah, you delete simply due to "Slider spam" or better known as "posts that completely debunk your retarded narrative. 
See? Start posting facts that implicate the Jews in 9-11 and they crawl out of between their faggot lover' thighs and stop slurping tiny jew dick long enough to tap some keys. 
Look at that ShitBLue shade of that one state. Faggot state. 
Going from a globalist cunt to a globalist fag. 
This lesbian nigger makes me sick 
Communist faggot Martin Luther did nothing wrong 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
The only nigger is the one that shares a cell with Billy. When he is allowed prison internet access finds it hard to get comfortable typing as his now gaping ass is, well, raw with emotion 
Fuck off nigger 
Pjw the eternal faggot for israel 
Lol coincidence that none of these bombs worked? Lol, the dirty tricks of the globalist cunt hillary and the dimocraps 
Take that nigger down. 
Is going to the like of junker who grandfather took billions of Luxembourg population took be force you a globalist inside for nazie you will not be pm we fucking cunt like you may your another Tony Blair in fucking dress your most evil lieing cunt for z witch this country has ever had you are a reminder right taking over David Cameron fuck up job for you witch to 
Another Jew hating retard 
Looks like a retarded Npc bot network to me. Or a retarded homosexual with a thing for projecting degeneracy. 
Me think your a dyke 
Evading a perm ban that anon calm fgt is reporting us all 
Can you imagine being such a retard Jfc 
And this Sessions faggot is supposed to be a southerner? Unreal 
"Jeff Sessions literally lynches niggers and is in the Kkk and voted against integration! 1! 11" - The Left. Yeah I fucking wish. 
Yes half of it is grece and roman the other half sand nigger isrealite 
There's only One word for this monkey thing. And that word is Nigger 
Negradamus needs to take a drive thru the Watts section. It used to be 100% nigger in the 1960s. Now its 100% beaner. Looks like dey wuz no kangz. 
That cock-faced faggot bitch of a fucking kike cunt president! Mother fucker! 
Give us your poor, hungry, tired, nonwhite illegal aliens with Hiv, measles, pertussis, rubella, rabies, hepatitis A, influenza, tuberculosis, shigellosis, syphilis, etc, otherwise you're a racist Nazi. 
All because some faggot wrote a poem once. 
She needs to lay off the sand nigger cock 
You ignorant, jew cunt 
The Jews are our mortal enemies and hate Christ, and the Talmud exposes their blasphemy with clarity. Any discrepancies about muh context are easily put to rest when you observe their vehemently anti-Christian words and behavior patterns. If you disagree with this by simply refusing to believe the indisputable truth, then you’re a dead man walking. 
Can't hate fictional kike on stick. I do hate the suicidal advice the faggot is supposed to have given in the kike created bible. The Sermon On The Mount is the foundation of Christ-insanity(advice on "good" living)& it's perverse/suicidal. Ot has some decent stuff such as "an eye for an eye" along with lots of perversion(ex=foreskin collection) & nonsense 
Take some time to look into true Christian identity. Jesus was not a Jew not by race nor by faith. The kike on a stick canard is a common misconception that the Jews want you to believe. This guy has some power lectures that you should check out. 
Already seen much of that type (Whites are the real kikes of the bible) crap. Won't waste time on more. Read christling bible & plenty on its origin. Had many contacts with sickos that are greatly infected. Nothing can change perverse suicidal "teachings" into something else. Abrahamic religions(judaism/islam/christianity)are kikey. That simple. 
I hate muslim savages more and more every day. I feel sorry for the average White Britain. They need to take action against the muds and kikes. Come on you limey fucks. Find your balls. 
They need a retard emoji 
She is retarded 
We can just walk away with middle finger to eu and go straight in to the world trade because we don't like being done over by nazie cunt s that run all of European so why didnt Hitler do that then killling millions for fuck all 
I just bloody well Love multicultural where a Muslim African nigger beats the shit out of a cross dressing freak. How enriching is that? 
This is illegal here The law is written that states representation of a child in a sexual situation, or Displayed in such. Does not have to be a real child to be considered child porn. Everyone, flag this faggot, and if I find any followers of mine following this shit. Im calling you out and shredding your asses 
Says they guy whose own daughter is a carpet munching bull dyke now. She hated her own father so much that she decided to hate men all together. 
Oh my god this white nigger is never going to shut the fuck up. 
This faggot 
Guns don't mean shit if you aint got balls it time for all niggas to be warriors gain we was kings and queens visiting the stars before the white devils came stoled are knowledge and enslaved us it gonna be a black planet white devils watch out 
Sorry i ever had the misfortune of you commenting on my post. Yu are very fucked up individual. Prejudiced as hell and full of shit! If youre king in africa yu better get back over there! Now i know why everybody is hating on you. You hating on them too. 
Islam/Muslims Call All Blacks Abd. It Is Arabic For Nigger And Slave. They Are Not Your Buddy. 
. As I overturn every fucking retarded nazi demoKKKrat court ruling there is. Hahahahahahahaha. 
Those dyke bramin bull bitches got back up like getting hit by a car was nothing. Next time it should be a Toyota Tundra that plows into them. 
More like if your some dumb dirt kenya swahili talkin nigger who aint a american citizen you should become american president 
No it doesn't, dumb fuck. It proves that Judaism has a genetic component to it. If it was only a religion, it wouldn't make sense for a Jew to say he's a Christian or a Buddhist. You are too fucking retarded to have figured out how to get on the internet by yourself. Which one of the neighborhood kids set up the Wi-Fi for you? 
I find it fascinating how we live in the Information Age, yet people still claim that Jews are just a religion. Even normalfags are taking Dna tests on Ancestry and 23andme, which has a category for "Ashkenazi", and they still claim it's just a religion. 
Jews are Whites. Jews are Europeans to their core. Kick out the Muzzie slime. Leave fellow Whites alone. 
Same old tricks. You aren’t fooling anyone anymore fuckbag. Cat is outta the bag. U look like a faggot tryin to stuff it back in. 
Nigger Shirt! 
The silver lining of mass Muzzie (immigration) is that fags will be beaten down in the streets on a much more regular basis. 
The cunt should be hung by the balls. 
Nikki a a a a a subhuman subversive jew whore! It is a homewrecker and a nigger lover! 
You are a True Fucktard! Move to a 3rd world shithole or better yet. Isahell! 
Figures you would use a nigger meme. If there is such a thing! 
Marx married into the Westphalen family of Prussian aristocrats. They originally came from Scottish nobility. They weren't very keen on his Jewish ancestry in fact. Have you actually checked this as I just did? The lazy twat never had a proper job in his life. Much like Corbyn. Dreaming up an ideology and convincing other twats to follow it is Not a proper job. 
I have numerous libtard friends but only one pro-Trump Conservative friend. And he's Jewish. 
All my Jewish followers on Twitter are right wing Leave voters ) 
I want to see this man audited over the past 20 years or so. He's never held a flipping job, so let's see it. Here's a perfect opportunity to identify and cease corruption. What's the holdup? 
Old white guy, must be evil. 
Drives around in 170k car! 
And if they didn't, they'd be charged w a hate crime. Parents, too. Sounds like North Fucking Korea. Down with all faggots! Even more than the niggers. My dream: a million faggots weighted down with lead and sunk in the ocean. With every faggot holding a kike under each arm. 
The cracka jews are working hard af to genocide the cracka goyim. But without Civic judaism and open borders for Israel, cracka jews will not survive. It's a huge transition for cracka jews to make. They are now going into an infinity nigger mode, and Black Hebrews will be resented for their leadinng role, but without that leading role, Shoshanna will not get blacked. 
Wow. Bette Midler said nigger 
Yup. Mexicans go back to Spain where you came from and pay reparations to the natives you killed and put into slavery 
'Rape babies'? 
Just answering another poster. I doubt most of the native women willingly had sex with their conquerors, so yes, rape babies. 
You mean the conquerors who severely outnumbered the Spanish? 
The conquerors were the Spanish. 
The Spanish were the ones with all the guns, plus they brought all their diseases and decimated the native population. 
You mean the blunderbusses that took forever to load? That required ammo that could not be manufactured in the Americas? "they brought all their diseases and decimated the native population. " Ding ding ding! That is Precisely what killed 95% of the Natives. No doubt the primitive medical technology of the time knew this would happen, right? 
I doubt that the natives even knew what "disease" was, just knew it was killing eveyone. 
Ah, the racist admits the Natives were stupid. 
I didn't say the natives were stupid. They had no knowledge of how diseases were spread. 
Still don't look at Africa. Relatives stealing body's of people who died of Ebola. 
I heard about all that. Especially the Niggers having sex with the corpses of their long-dead wives, which resulted in them becoming diseased. The stupid is frightening. 
Actually Niggers produced the cradle of Western Civilization! Among the first cities. Lower & Upper Egypt. The Old Kingdom. The pyramids - not topped until the late 18th. So niggers got some serious game! Not exactly their fault they've been suffering a 500-year holocaust! 
Nigger by definition means "blackie"! Like calling a Chinese person a chink. By definition it doesn't mean anything. It's just bigotry: superiority founded on nothing. 
"When John Rolfe recorded in his journal the first shipment of Africans to Virginia in 1619, he listed them as "negars. " A 1689 inventory of an estate in Brooklyn, New York, made mention of an enslaved "niggor" boy. The seminal lexicographer Noah Webster referred to Negroes as "negers. "" You were saying? So, they were not in fact Black or Negroes? 
1/ Just saying, nigger literally means black-skinned person. It's a lame insult. Big City Liberals are the biggest White Supremacists! Call a person fat it's hurtful because they're fat. Call a person a nigger or a chink, you're just butchering their identity. It doesn't point out any real shortcoming. 
Of course jamal is going to bloviate about white women. Always a jew or a nigger 
We just need to use peacefull eugenic engineering practices and sterilize all the niggers before its too late. No violence is nessasary if we can just sterilize all the niggers, they will all be reborn pure white. I dont want to be reborn a nigger that would be hell. Common sense science folks. And the jews are alien invader clones spread the word. 
Oh, I do see what 'train' to which you are referring. That would be the Nigger train of Niggers raping our White women in groups, yes? 
Lots and lots of dirt world immigrants who claim asylum and suddenly convert to Christianity when they get turned down for lack of any sort of asylum reason. Hey, presto! Suddenly they would be persecuted in their shit hole muzzie home country. 
Retard 
This crazy old cunt will grasp at anything to legitimize her lunacy. 
Bull Dyke 
What up nigger 
Wtf shut down why? Fuckin left faggot libtards? Wtf Dude 
Damn good thing the Left is sending their best women, so we can annihilate them and then they won't be breeding with the soy boys to make more baby Wtf's 
Bring it on, you bunch of dizzy fuckin, bat shit crazy nigger lovin broads 
When I was young and one of my mum brother ask me pull on is finger and dirty cunt farted and fucking stink s so boy and girl if someone in your family ask to pull the finger don't do it 
Oldest Closet Faggot Awards Here's the contender list: Wolf Blitzer Jorge Ramos George Soros 
Putting Retarded Bitches In Office Like This Is A DIsGRACE. 
Sympathies for your family and family does come first. Bury the faggot in the hills if you get a chance to have personal justice because he'll get paroled within a few years anyway. 
Masculine men are right-wing jerks. Redneck men are Rw jerks. Christian men are Rw jerks. Republican men are Rw jerks. The list goes on. They can't get their narrative straight. The only good thing is that we know all the Pansy-ass men are Left-Wing Jerks. 
"The only good thing is that we know all the Pansy-ass boys are Left-Wing Jerks. " Fixed it. 
Typical nigger behavior 
Identifying and supporting the nation you are a citizen of and at the same time not having any interest in shithole commie or muzzie countries and excluding them or not having any interest in those shitholes is Not a bad thing. Lol 
Everyone make your own nigger haiku for the new topic! 
Being white supremacist = being more than 100% likely to be a faggot than normal people. Lmao 
The fucking potato nigger is pulling a Ralph and streaming at a retardedly inconvenient time for Europeans: 
Fuck Mollie Tibbets she posted on Twitter that she hates white people. She was asking for a brownie to kill her ass and I'm glad he did, nigger and beaner loving race traitors need to be killed on the spot. 
Fucking Nigger Trash We Don'T OWe U Shit Mother Fucker Get A Job Criminal Trash 
Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch. Stop infighting. We must unite against our foe. 
Some Pagans here on Gab have a little Trouble Understanding that one. I was just Attacked the Day before Yesterday, Right Out of the Blue & without Provocation, or Justification. All i said was Jesus was No Jew, & i was Jumped on like a Nigger on a Bucket of Kfc. 
Jesus was Galilean, which is Gaelic or Gallic not semitic Jew. These new age "Vikings" watch too much cucked Tv or their beard oil is affecting their minds. Christians built the western world, not paganism. I dare they say anything to you in person. Keyboard warriors, likely shills from the left 
Jesus is a jew ffs, and fuk u god. Rather a wolf of Odin than a lamb of a jew. I'm in u face 
The healing hand held back by the deepend nail, follow the jew that failed 
Jesus was No Jew, Captain Caveman. From now on that's what i'm calling you 
Whats wrong that he was a Jew. 
What's Wrong Captain Caveman, is that you're Retarded, Not even Cannon Fodder Capable. 
It is, are you retarded. Jew boy 
No Jews here & I'm Not the one with the 68 Iq, Captain Caveman 
Fuking kike I wear boots and braces with white shoe laces, sand shark fucker 
What is a sand shark fucker? I am asking for real. 
I was just as Bewildered by that one too, but then again, we're Talking about Captain Caveman here. Lets try & Figure it out, a MudShark is a Nigger Loving White Woman Slut & a Sand Nigger is a Muslim, so maybe, it's a Sand Nigger Loving White Slut. 
I get it now. So its like a dune coon coal burner. An oil burner? 
Lol, Good one, your guess is as good as mine, maybe Captain Caveman will Exercise his 68 Iq & give us his Answer. 
Goodbye cunt 
This useless faggot neon revolt won't get many boomers with pickled brains reading his screeds if he's honest. He has to read into nothing. He's a gay faggot 
The Nigger is gone. Deal with the Now. 
Nigger loving skank. 
This twat will be reelected. Conservatives will be split. The dairy queen will get the plurality vote 
Wonder is this clown has learned the lyrics to Folsom Prison Blues yet. Hope he gets a cell with A 300 pound redneck sex offender with the confederate flag tattood on his pubic area for Bo to look at all day and night. 
Dear retarded boy, Mommy must not be from the Usa judging by your skin tone and her lack of knowledge about the 1st Amendment. Your penmanship is also terrible. Sad. Sincerely, Donald 
We should just fuckin shoot the cunt with the wheelbarrow too 
Here you go retard 
Jay, you're a fucking retard, dude. 
At least I'm not retarded enough to embrace the defeated Nazis and worship their beloved Hitler That would be Really retarded. Dude 
I feel sorry for anyone that needs a nation to provide them with an identity. I wonder what kind of retard could imagine me as a communist though. Explain your reasoning if you like. 
> I wonder what kind of retard could imagine me as a communist though. Don't try to find any reasoning behind the choice of insult. It's like being called a racist, a sexist, Literally Hitler, an atheist, or a climate change denier. It means nothing except that someone feels offended by you. 
A fresh nigger like dat with bbq sauce sanz 
A lot of da white MFs on guns of gab talk good game but under pressure they choke like pussies and guns aint da final shit back when we niggas had our ancient nuwaupian civilization we was using laser guns yea we was exploring da stars when da white devils was still living in caves and they was using clubs 
Don't blame weed for this retarded fuck 
Drunken kike sucking faggot war criminal is what he was. 
Boy he looks like an Aids infected jizzguzzling knobgobbling asseating mentally ill faggot 
A faggot wearing an inverted pentagram i'm shocked i tell you. Shocked. I find it hysterical that the edgy homo has no clue when "Utopia" is achieved his kind will be among the first liquidated 
I'm going to add this to my description of these people. Fairy gay demonic faggot. Lol 
De Leon. Better a mongrel spic than jewshit 
The Zodiac Killer don’t give a fuck about your stupid sign. I do feel bad that your kids are being raised by a retard though: 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
White women say this to me all the time now. Eq is just as important as Iq. It's usually just before I trigger the shit out of them and they go full retard on me. 
So I’m allowed to say nigger on here? Wild 
You heard wrong, probably on FOx. The republicans wanted him confirmed because they knew that would be the last thing they could get away with. Midterms is going to slaughter the red team. Nothing like hearing hillbilly rednecks crying. 
Zionist portly Kike attempts to confront negro Muslim on behalf of Kikes and manboobs. 
No One is born muslim! Nigger converted for superiority. He just wants power from satan. 
I'd take a 70 Iq fake Muslim over a slimy kike any day. At least they believe in Jesus as an article of their faith and have a pseudo foundation. 
These idiots think the democrats who in their minds are retarded are also able to pull off massive undercover fake bombings and plant a guy to pin it on to win the elections. Its so dumb it could only be on gab and trump supporters 
Clocks! Want to see her take that big cunt please! Get her cunt stretched! 
Andrew, all I ask for is for the fairy gay faggot tranny porn to disappear. That shit is absolutely disgusting. If you are wanting to get more people on Gab having tranny porn randomly appear in someone's timeline is most certainly Not the way to do it. That's a good way to drive good people away from Gab. 
I have bet it was Muslim or Islam that try smash the magna Carta to day if was them police that arrested that scum I would betten you to fucking death you evil hateful cunt to population of Uk English king s and has the population god hope you fuck ing die cunt 
Ye a funny cunt 
Cover your ears. Profanity laced post. This what a stupid fucking worthless piece of feminist twat shit looks like. She's why the words fucking asshole are in the English language. The C word too. 
Easier than facing who? Retard muted. 
Geldof helped keep the niggers artificially alive and breeding so Blair could ship them over. Nothing but a pair of cunts who deserve to be sawed in half vertically. 
Blair knew exactly what he was doing. I believe him and Gordon Brown did it "to rub the rights nose in diversity" in his own words. Geldof probably thought he was doing some good, while making himself rich at the same time and its backfired on him spectacularly, with his daughter dead at the hands of a nigger drug dealer. 
How can that faggot be gay and non-binary, and why hasn't he thrown himself off a rooftop for thinking he has Wmd's that he doesn't have? Thank God statistics show he will, eventually, do it. 
Now it comes out she was known as "Blow-z" Ford in Hs slut whore cunt 
Muh based niggers. 
You are disgusting. 
No nigger lovers are disgusting. 
My dad is not on here praising niggers, you are. Your whole family probably fucks niggers. Whores like you should get the claw hammer treatment. 
File this under: Men who have never had a girlfriend. 
No, file this under: The United States of Misandry, Dept. Of Jew Fembots 
Maybe. Just maybe. Women don't like you because you are vile? 
No, it's because I don't return their phone calls. Or they give me their number but I don't call them. Because I'm not some insecure pussy who requires a woman's approval for self-worth. Just like now. You have some fantasy that I'm somehow bummed because some man-hating strap-on Dominatrix who doesn't even know me makes a smart-ass remark. How amusing. 
Are you coming on to me? I'm not into relationships. I do not lust after you, I do not need you, and you are free to go be a lesbian Jew princess and adopt some brown baby from the Shithole of Your Choice. Happy trails, biatch! 
Oh, yay. A commie twat on here is trying to tell me what to say now. How about they go fuck themselves instead. 
Are you saying you are a Racist Sexist leftist piece of shit? All lefties are socially constructed to be brainwashed retarded monkey brains who cannot understand Facts! It is a Fact that all Identity politics Are Racism and Sexism! This mean the morally degenerate Feminists Are Sexist! Black Lies Matter Are Racist Pigs! So all Jews and Demonrats are blatantly Racist and Sexist! But the Retarded social construct that is all lefties and Jews is devoid of even a semblance of intellectual awareness! If you do not understand what I just said, your genetic profile is socially constructed with your head up your Ass! But you still don't smell your own shit! 
Mp who named Philip Green did so at behest of Richard Branson who was being touted as the most likely Wanker! This is corruption but the cunt will no doubt now fly first class & get some nice holidays for his troubles! 
Another jew pervert 
To be clear, Gab user David Vance is a kike worshipping Jew faggot who is only here to cause distention amognst Gab users. 
When the Trump administration didn’t pursue hate crime charges for the blacks who kidnapped and tortured a retarded white teen on Facebook live and let them skate free with probation and time served it should’ve been clear he doesn’t give a fuck about his supporters 
Facts don't matter to these Retarded Lefties! Democrats have the intelligence of your typical gnat! 
We don't give a rat's ass about Injuns. Fact. 
Notice this punk. White Slave willing to die for Injuns, Semites, Hindus, and any other colored inferior he can cuck up to like a Bitch. This sort is the most Worthless Kind Alive. Since the coloreds think they are Subhumans. We see them as Traitors. White is all that matters. White. 
= Worthless Nigger Lovers who think they are enlightened. But Who also Avoid like the black death. Since they know deep down it is all a lie. 
That's beyond retarded and gross. 
Reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
Yet idolatry continues in. The Wooden idol on the right is from the. Is the evildoer, the belligerent, the attacker, and the destroyer of our native cultural heritage. Therefore we have Zero tolerance for in any of its forms. 
It's called and if you have zero tolerance for it, you have zero tolerance for civilized society or rule of law thus no tolerance for Western civilization. 
Seems to be doing a fucking good job at keeping the & hordes at bayrolleyes: Without charitability and a false ) idea of a brotherhood of man (with wrongly categorized as human) all of us would live in our 100% White ethnostates with closed and heavily guarded borders. 
In order for Christendom to be saved, the purge of all evil must ensue, especially the worship of false idols. 
's problems are not our problems. Some of you have a silly "idol allergy"D But we will continue with our, as we have since the (which is how old the Wooden idol seen on the right is. Can Never die out, for it is in our Blood and! 
Paganism died centuries ago. A minority of morons are just too ignorant to understand why. 
You are not worthy of my time. Adieu! *muted* 
Lol Fags! 
We took this Druid Oak Tree and turned into Our tree. Pagans keep losing. 
Reeeeeee Cultural Appropriation 
Atleast one Pagan has muted me on account of this little gem. 
Here is a better one and damn mother fucking right 
An uncanny resemblance. 
He's a wop too, I would have figured that you two would have more in common. 
Yes Pasta nigger I am a little bit 
Time to either turf or imprison this Muzzie Pos! Think carefully before electing your Mayor! 
I wanna puke, when I see a white bitch with a nigger. And kill them both. 
A thousand generations of Whites, eventually building the greatest civilization the Earth has ever known. Thrown away by screwing some savage beast. A few generations ago these mud-hut, grub-eating niggers didn’t know a written language or understand the wheel, if not for generous Whites. 
Holy faggot! 
More fake news from another nazi hating jew. Keep pushing faggot and those pics will be real someday. Baby dick eater over here judging anyone is absolutely hilarious. 
That faggot needs to just go away 
The only good nigger is a dead nigger 
Another thread derailed and destroyed by Gab's #1 autistic twat <3 
No @e 
No @u oh that's right he's gone; _; rip 
No @i 
No @m 
No @z 
This self-righteous cobwebbed cunt needs to get hit by a bus 
That should keep the pesky faggot battalion of your asshole and pie hole with their filthy aids cock trying to liberty fuck you in the dark 
Remember Kids. The Name the Jew Bullshit. Is a counter intelligence program. This is why is Only serves the system. Try breathing through your nose. 
Prove us wrong. You can't and you won't, because we are right. But like any leftist, you'll cry about the truth and dig in your heels and name call. 
Exactly. You have nothing to dispute that Jews are behind every immigration push in White countries, every push for degeneracy, every weapons grab, every anti-White movement. We are right and you are wrong. 
You are a loser. Loser. Keep being a Bitch or Win. Simple Choice really. You are a Cunt who uses words you will be ass fucked in Prison because you are Bitch. 
The retards cannot debate and only character assassinate! Jew are human sewage and that is easy to see even for a blind man! Only the ignorant who do not look at Facts don't see this! 
Like I would want to hang around a bunch of sub human beasts? Really? Jews are obviously inferior beasts of the world and Retarded excrement! I would rather die than get in the intellectual childrens pool with a Jew! JewS are shallow minded worthless Pigs! 
Retards like yourself accuse me of what they are guilty of, just like your worthless human sewage Jew does! It is you who is in prison as you desperately try to justify your pathetic existence! You have already lost, but as a Jew you are too stupid too realize it! It is you who are imprisoned in your own mind, not me! I already know my utter superiority to an intellectual midget like you! 
Inherently you know that all Jews are merely a parasitical cancer on the world. Deep down you try extremely hard to not realize your deep seated inferiority which you are. You can never run away from that as it just part of who you are. Jews are the ultimate losers, and that will always haunt you. Your inferiority is obviously immense and it will never go away! It eats you up inside and it no matter what you do, you will always be an inferior piece of excrement. That is just reality! So keep your club going loser, you have proven you have already lost! 
And yet for all this grandstanding. He can't elect a dog catcher of his choice. 
I have the ultimate choice, you don't have shit! 
So then you have chosen to allow the enemy to rule you? 
I don't allow anyone to rule me unlike you! You just get to live your whole life knowing the what a piece of shit you are! The low life scum Jews have to make laws to try to stop people from hating their guts! This only proves your incredible inferiority! That only proves what sub human beast Jews are and proves you have already lost! Nobody likes you and you cannot do anything about that. You will lose, you are just too arrogant and stupid too realize it! 
Notice the nonsense. You are confused little fuck. 
I completely understand that you are unable to comprehend shit, most Jews like yourself are complete Retards! 
Wrestle with your own stupid on your time. I deal in Victory not moral pap. 
Your analysis of victory is highly is to constantly be the inferior sewage! Jews think they are smart and victorious, but you wallow in the scum! You need a good flush! 
So low life scum who are brainless are Your chosen leaders? 
I don't worship Lucifer like you who is the ultimate loser! Why don't you go take a shit and see what you really look like! You are probably jealous that you are so ugly and bitchy, like Jewish women. The lowest of the low! 
He looks like a nigger 
You Limey Mf bastards made the same claims against Americans, as terrorists when you tried to occupy us and ban guns here in 1776. What part of F off back to your own land don’t you get? 
Bahahaha. You are so fucking retarded I literally can't believe it. Are you a parody account? 
Your problem is that you're a brain dead retard. 
You're such a faggot. Oh, I made a fucking facebook group, who cares. You were one of the first mother fuckers to mute me. No wonder you're so in favor of the disassociate button, aka block button. You're just a little bitch who can't handle the bantz. Like a true faggot mod. 
Are there ever any straight white couples in television adverts anymore? Goddamn Nigger kikes always put white human women with Nigger ugly Nigger apes. 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Another chicken shit white Liberal whose whore wife fucked a Nigger and he just shrugs and says 'O. K'. If it were my wife, I'd take her and the nigglets home, cut their throats and throw them into a really deep hole. The only good Nigger is a dead one. 
DemRat, organizer, socialist, nazi, kkk, liberal, kommie, centrist, middle of the roader, dogooder, right\left wing/extremist, progressive, green, race peddlers, globalist, alt-something All describe the same entity: criminal communist Invented flavors to hide who they are Patriots are usually called conservatives: they oppose all of the above 
A conservative wouldn't have a nigger fucking their wife. I'm trying to understand what sort of joe-fag you are applying this label too as it doesn't sync with my understanding. Hoping to achieve some sort of clarity here but your response may have already helped illuminate the situation. I forgot not to engage with a LARPing knuckle-dragger. 
Right on, even have some content with that faggot hairdresser in Toronto showing how Left/Lib/ProgTards are a clear danger to society. Woke Canadians know that Trump and the Right are the answer, No DemoRats, No, Just Republicans, Period. 
I'm not sure people understand just Wtf! Is going on with the muslims. They are invading the Usa. They need to be stopped and deported Now. Trump must stop all muzzie immigration, and the citizens need to deport them now, or we will be conquered and have black robed muzzies running around everywhere. 
The right to be left alone & the right to do what you want with your own stuff were finished off by the Nigger Rights Act of 1964. Thanks jews. 
Stop being a stupid faggot socialism's aim is to poison all other ideologies to achieve an end goal. It is not innocuous. 
Lol whats your logic with that comment? Be rude and get thousands of migrants at your door. Logic at it's finest. Fucking retarded. The Vatican Church sent all these people, wake the fuck up. Being an asshole is the greatest foreign policy you could have after generations of retarded ass hole cucks ran the show for so long. 
Amazon been bad company again in uk there worker has had more accidents like 440 of them evil when people going to wake up and leave that evil vampire cunt owner 
Oh please go away you annoying pervert pre-tending to be a normal GOY_ Jew! 
Says the faggot talking about tranny dick. Lmfao 
On my way to a pub quiz with a friend and his retarded gf (bitches cant quiz. They also own a jack russel that reeks of old dog dick leakage, , god i hate that dog. 
Time to turn off Fox News and switch to Oan that lying Trump faggot Shep is on, 
Daily reminder that I hate niggers, jews & moslems but what I hate more than anything else are anti-White, White People. 
Wow faggot you really got me on that reply, how will I ever recover. My life is over. 
Concentrate on all the nigger related crime. The legacy of slavery is a country full of dindu niggers. Slavery. That's how you get niggers. 
So whats the definition of mgtow then? Pussified faggot 
Another retard that chose to be one. Lol! 
I know why, because you're insane and a bit bored. Probably a nigger lover. 
They really are retarded aren't they. 
Larpy faggot 
If it isn't some weird timestamp error, then it sounds like either he did it for posterity, or a friendly federal agent encouraged him to do the shooting and made sure to get the evidence. Fed encouragement wouldn't surprise me. Someone would have to be retarded to think they aren't crawling through all our circles. 
Hang the Muzzie asshole! 
So another spoiled millionaire black American wants to make africa home again. Well Fucking Move And Take All Your Friends 
That's a great idea Nigger! You should move and take all your Nigger friends with you! 
The moment you start guitar lessons and stop speaking with a Nigger cadence Will gain you some respect from Dignified White People. 
Says the Anonymous "Austrian" Punk Wigger "Nazi". How many hours have you pretended to enjoy the sound of a black man's voice. LoL 
In my opinion the so called elites are the niggers, i don't care what color their skin is, i refer to pelosi as nigger nancy because she steals the food out of a child's mouth, this makes her a nigger. 
Nancy Pelosi is a worthless, crooked cunt who should die in jail. I don't understand the rest of your post, unless there is some other meaning of the word "nigger" with which I am unfamiliar. 
Videos: Whatcott court& activist update, October 16, 2018 I remember when a fucking Satanic faggot called my home number@3AM some decades ago from the Church Street Citadel & threatened2kill me as he shouted his filth 
Faggots deserve Aids 
So Jewish Happy will be the lost of Israel, whom the Holy One, blessed be He, has chosen from amongst the Goyim, of whom the Scriptures say: "Their work is but vanity, it is an illusion at which we must laugh; they will all perish when God visits them in His wrath. " At the moment when the Holy One, blessed be He, will exterminate all the Goyim of the world, Israel alone will subsist, even as it is written: "The Lord alone will appear great on that day. Zohar, Vayshlah 177b 
If "Big Bang. " isn't the absolutely most retarded show ever to grace the airwaves then please tell me what is. And tell the bitch not to stand too close to the edge of the subway platform, as an incoming train will clip that beak of hers 
Dear President Trump, Don't let these people cross our border. Don't do it! You ran your campaign on building a wall so this shit stops. We all know the Democrats are behind this caravan. If you fold, you'll lose support. How much, who knows? You've done so many great things for us in two years, I'd hate to see you lose all that support over one of our biggest concerns. We want that border secure! We invite all potential immigrants to our country, providing they do it legally, and per our guidelines. We need guidelines now! I can't sign this "We The People" unfortunately, because we've got some people around here who have lost their damn minds. So, from most of us, please don't fold. 
This Matters! Just Do It POTUS45 
Dude, I'm laughing my ass off now. It is over. We are the idiots. Conservatives, were a bunch of pussies. 
You mean the Alt-Right conservatives were the pussies. I mocked them at their very beginnings, and I continue to do so today. 
A few Lefties here, but owning them is far too easy. 
Mute works well also! 
I Mute those who post faggot images, who call me a liar, who repeat the same mantra over and over again. Oh, oftentimes I Mute Jews. I am afraid they may ask if they could suck my Anglo dick by pretending I am a newborn child with a tiny dick. My dick is tiny indeed, but I am no infant. 
@a @e I think we'd be better served if individual users could block posts with specific key words they choose. For example, if I don't want to see any posts that contain the words "kike" or "nigger", how am I not being exposed to meaningful concepts or ideas? Faggot Nazi scum don't have anything meaningful to say. 
I don't give a rat's ass about the death of sand nigger Khashoggi. He was a typical duplicitous Arab who preached modernity & tolerance in English while touting Islamism in Arabic. The problem is when the boomer, Maga hat wearing, QAnon crew reflexively defends Saudi Arabia just because Trump and Kushner are friends with the Saudis. It's a personality cult. 
No that little cunt only knows how's make Canadians pay more then they can afford. Why doesn't that cunt son of A cunt pay his fair share. It's like he doesn't have out of country companies to shelter his queer tax savings. He is a Criminal and his whole family should be stripped of all there monies. ' 
Useless nigger 
You just proved your own hatred. You hate your own race so much that you claim to have chosen a White woman over one of your own Nigger bitches. Self-hatred is the worst of them all. Your '5 awesome kids', which we know is bullshit, would be mutts, with absolutely no identity of their own. They do not look like you. That is pure hatred. 
Faggot 
Perverted kiddie fucker 
Dumb cunt 
All this group is doing is dividing whites. Whites dividing whites. How very jewish. Applaud yourselves. 
How about nigger and chink Christians! Are they? 
Any of those faggot gay punks will gladly do it. That's how they hang posters in their roomsjizz on the wall, and stick 'em up. 
The absolute state of Weimerica. It’s all so tiresome. I live in absolute nigger clown world. Three Generations via 
Elrich = jew 
Fighting a culture war using Wigger rap is beyond Stupidity. 
Muslim is a religion you Fucking Twat and your not of color You’re a Fucking White Cunt 
Centre-right. Like millions of decent folk ) 
Actually, he identifies as a jewish supremacist whose main ideological positions are anti-White hatred & toxic semitism. He's not really that concerned with economic and social issues beyond attacking Whitey. He denies any semitic heritage, & claims that his motivation is self-hatred, driven by internalization of systemic semitism 
Yes as you keep saying. Yet you have utterly failed on every occassion to produce one single anti-white post of mine. Saying other races are ok too is not being anti-white. Only in your mental brainstem. And it's no use pretending I'm Jewish to hide your shock. Most normal white folk feel the same as me ) 
Um! I see a lot of words there, designed to confuse. But when they are all added up the opposite side of the = reads zero. This must be because you can't post a single anti-white post of mine and wish to muddy the waters so you don't look like a twat for the 5th time. Yes! 
Lol Now you're making a moronic attempt to deny your obvious, genocidal anti-White hatred. By claiming that you use anti-White slurs against Negroes? That's some pretty comically ignorant Cater-wauling, even for you. Would I care if you called me a "nigger? ' That's how much Negroes care if you call them "cracker, " "White devil, " or "racist. " 
Yes, you laugh away manically to yourself. And you've come full circle with your " anti-white hatred" gig again. The one I've just wrecked you on. I don't use racist slurs on twats of other races like you do. I slap them for being ignorant racist twats like you, not for being another race. That hurts them far more than calling them your inane names. They expect that as you say idiot ) 
1. Cater makes yet another feeble attempt to deny his obvious anti-White hatred 2. In the course of doing so, repeatedly uses the r-word as an anti-White slur. Pathetic. 
Here he is again. Still in repetitive mode after being soundly made a twat of yesterday. Racist isn't an anti-white slur fella. All races can be racist. It's an anti-You slur. Don't pretend that you represent the white race lol 
Cater makes yet another, feeble, pathetic, failed attempt to deny his obvious anti-White hatred and toxic semitism. Repeatedly employs anti-White slur while doing so Anti-Whites aren't very bright Tell me more about how you call Negroes "White devils, " therefore you don't hate Whites Comical 
So, breastfeeding your sons turns them into rapists, but breastfeeding your daughters doesn't turn her into a rapist. Another retarded Sjw. 
We need an expel the Jew Pig movement Now! Racist Jew excrement does not belong in any civlized country! 
Take your brainwashed Retarded Jewified Ass and try to smell your own shit! You are an ignorant polluted thumb drive! 
Take a hike, kike. Promoting or engaging in self-harm are against the Threats and Terrorism section of the Community Guidelines. 
Eat shit nigger and then drink bleach 
Somebody should compile a list of epically stupid takes coming from Trump shills. I've seen almost every single excuse below on Gab (at some point or another) - not just from boomers, nor normie conservatives, but actual alt righters and WNs. Y'all are truly some retards. I disavow you all. John Bolton in the White House is 7-D chess! Trust the plan! Maga! 
We actually don't have a good economy. The working and lower middle class is still in depression but this dumb fuck is to retarded to understand that. 
Actually, you're a retarded women with a dog filter. You're muted anyway. But don't let that stop you from explaining your new version of world history. I'm sure somebody will get a kick out of it. 
You follow an account that shares child porn hentai. You want to be a sick fuck, you go right ahead. But you will Not Follow Me you loser, Pos jizz licking faggot retard. 
That's because you never go full retard 
An abnormal slowness of thought or action Retardation described our experience since Christianity was imposed upon our people. We have been retarded for 2k years 
Royal nigger 
Shep the Cuck. I cant stand the faggot 
Every Amy I ever met is a jew cunt 
This person by rejecting the apology and $50 gift card shows less class than the person calling her a nigger. Now if she sues/holds out for more $$$ then she is def a nigger Imho. What are your thoughts? 
Nigger is just slang for Niger where many came from in African. Plane leaving hourly to take any back to Niger, the N word 
I'm not triggered; I'm probably more amused by this than you are. This faggot has probably done more to hurt your retarded, child raping movement than anything I could ever dream of, and you're Too Stupid to realize it! 
Any gun in the wrong hands is the problem, you idiot! Now, take your mental retarded pills and maybe you will make sense! 
Stfu faggot go read a history book, on the celts, vikings etc. , all polygamous You none-christians with your abrahamic ways of thought, are just as retarded as actual abrahamics. 
Cos youre a moron, like I said go read a history book, on the celts, vikings etc. , all polygamous 
"Interesting fact: Christianity (monogamy) reduced inbreeding in Europe. " How's that a factor? Shitskins marry their cousins all the time. Maybe one group is inbred because they're shitskin human garbage and they're going to be fucked any way it's possible for them to be fucked? 
Still waiting for your informed reply. Stop being a cunt and answer the fucking question. Stupid whore. 
They tell us this is what Middle Eastern babies looked like in the 1st century and wipepo be like, "seems legit. " 
Nigger Jesus is the best Jesus. 
When they made that retarded nigger chief of police they had to create a new position to actually do the job 
I wonder what all the lawyers, politicans, and media elite surrounding this Investigation have in common? 
Bless those who curse you. But the Jewish people, even who have yet to believe in their Messiah, are a blessing to Usa. Do not curse them. The Lord Jesus died for everyone; salvation is to whosoever will. God so loved the World (Jews & Gentiles) 
A lot of shit is written in the bible, none of it being true. How frequently Yahweh makes promises to people like you only to have them broken "because you were not faithful enough" The jew will sell your children into slavery, and sell you to a arab for a nickel, and yet you sit there and say "bless them" 
I want what you have, you are so happy. Can you give me some of that? Shit 
I was kidding. I don't want to know anything about the shit crawling in your head. 
Then I guess you and all 16 of your hasbra posting tel aviv posting followers can eat a dick and take a long walk. 
Thanks for invalidating white men like so many others Now we gotta explain your stupid ass, tell 'em "oh him, he's just my dog's butt-boy" 
Oy vey, I guess you better apologize to your kike masters for my behavior "my fellow white man" Got another Tel Aviv account here! 
No, I'm not defending Jews. I don't care about any group of people, I'm not stupid. I was having fun with you. I'm getting a feel for how retarded people are out there these days. You have completed skewed all of my research. 
She teaches retarded kids? Jesus christ! 
Judging by MegNog's childhood photos, she did a lot of job trying to hide her nigger roots Harry is truely a halfwit One thing is to be a wigger, and have a bestie former gang member. Another thing is to defile your body, your blood and your genes with lower species. This applies to all. It's revolting when commoner does it, but even more so when nobility race mixes 
I'm worried that the kikes will try to Romanov Prince William's European family so that Harry's quadroon spawn will inherit the throne. Then they can sanctify the Kalergi project by mongrelizing the Royalty fully. 
I was thinking about that too, since they got married, and today as well. But for that, Gods forbid to happen, Queen and Charlie have to be in agreement. Would they? 
I wouldn't put it past them. They have done nothing to protest the genocide of the indigenous people. Instead they engage in superficial rituals to keep the British people asleep. 
I doubt Mussolini said that, and if he indeed did. He was not all there. 
Oddly enough, it is supposedly quoted from from an interview in 1932 - as quoted in a book authored by Emil Ludwig. "Emil Ludwig (originally named Emil Cohn) was born in Breslau, now part of Poland. Born into a Jewish family, he was raised as a non-Jew but was not baptized. " iow, the quote cannot be trusted. 
Thank you, Sir! Yes, it just did not sound right. And, yes in general, one has to be cautious with internet quotes, more often than not they turn out to be fake. 
If a jew is involved, I don't trust it. They lie about *everything. 
Yup. 
Fascism is not based on Aryan Race dogmas. 
Imagine them having ginger quadroons, yikes 
Some '' forensic experts'' already envisioned how little monster will look, whether boy or girl. Los creaturas Lol 
Lmfao 
Heir today, goon tomorrow. 
Jebát britbongs. They are the biggest traitors of the white race. 
He’s a Kung twat 
In case you missed it. As well as a mouth on you like a cow’s cunt you have the attention span of a Privett hedge. 
A pity the whole document is bollocks in no way could a Muslim ever be superior to whites that's just too hilarious for words these 7th century retards have camel shit for brains, message to Islam your death cult is only one molecule up from Pigs Pigs! So fuck off with utterly retarded supremacy shit, whites will always be ultimately far superior to sand rats 
You are the faggot getting money to go on a network to shill for Trump. You then turn around and act all upset. You are truly a despicable piece of shit. Fuck You. 
Pride is such a demonic shameless emotion. Being a faggot is nothing to gloat about. 
Faggots are like Jews. They’re fascinated with shit, prone to degenerate hedonism, live off of society while giving very little in return, and have a penchant for sexual predation. 
I’m a Cholo. Not a Saint. If you got problems with me coming out against faggotry? Then you really need to read your Bible. Not to mention Christ himself called these so called Jews the synagogue of Satan. Who are you to question the Almighty? Shit, I wouldn’t even be antisemitic if these people weren’t antichrist. 
Far Eastern nigger in a wood pile. 
The Hill is retarded because they do this shit all day long. Tweeting stories that are hours old and have changed by now. 
What makes a black person black? Your questions are retarded as fuck. 
Anything darker than a sicilian is a nigger 
Dear god i think i lost brain cells reading what that moron wrote fyi if you have are born with dick you are a man if you are born with cunt you are a woman trans does not change reality 
The only flaw with Islam is not a race is those in Muslim areas that are non sand nigger are forced to convert or die. So without that join us or die attitude how many non-sand Niggers would really be Islamists 
I won't have a nigger run cover for me. The are pure cucks. 
Called A Nigger And Black To Get Out Luxembourg: Im White 
And You guys are Jewish. Do you Literally go around saying this? I have a twat on the line who says you do lol 
Modern jews huh? 
Modern jews huh? 
Us Only 2018 
The extremely retarded morons always show themselves by criticizing something as shallow as punctuation errors! This does not effect anything is casual prose on social media. This mindless midget then goes on to tell you that the government is telling the truth and this incredible retard actually believes the propaganda from Snopes? Are you kidding me? You are clearly a brainwashed retarded Racist Sexist piece of shit Democrat who have someone else think for you since you cannot think for yourself! Jews did 911 dumbshit, did the government tell you that? You are no more than a polluted Thumb Drive! 
How unconcious are you? Did you not call me a Racist and delusional which is obviously all Democrats! As we know all shootings have been done by Democrats and members of the Racist violent Hate groups such as Antifa or the Racist Black Lies Matter! Since I am a white male it is clear no shooting was done by white males but by piece of shit Jewish Males who are Democrat sewage! Of course the Racist subversive Lying Jewish Supremacist media said the opposite because whatever a filthy despicable Jew accuses someone of they are guilty! Kind of like the Blatantly Racist Sexist Democratic party calling me Racist! The Retarded Democrats do not understand what a Fact is and will only regurgitate what they have been programmed with! Now Apologize for calling me a Democrat! 
Why take it? I wish the world had more "Hey A Fucking Retard Lives Here Hey Hey Look Over Here A Hubbaderr Derrr Blorp" lawn signs like this. 
Advertising works, faggot ) 
Shut up Dick Nigger 
Get dunked on Hapapilled Dick Nigger! 
Jk ily Dick Nigger: D 
You think anyone who criticizes your socialist faggot soy-boy is a Kike. Lol That's literally the defense mechanism of a child. 
First time it happened. I've posted fuck cunt and twat all over the place and no problem 
If there were any justice in this country that nigger would be in prison right now, along with Slick Willie, Crooked Hillary, et al. 
Faggot fucks 
She Is A Lying Cunt Who Has Lied Her Hole Life She Does Not Even Know The Truth If It BIt Her In The Ass. 
Who is this faggot imposter? Look at that Yuge jew nose! 
What's the difference between Twitter and Gab? Surprisingly not much. Both sites have fags that want to censor people for something they don't like. On Twitter it could be anything. On Gab it's fucking pictures. For sites that proclaim to be "Free Speech" advocates they both have a funny way of showing it. I know a majority of users who were on Minds have seen/heard this song and dance before, but it bares repeating. Lolicon/Shotacon in the United States is not illegal and it's not viewed as "obscene". At least under the legal definition of the word. So once again I have to link this court case, United States v. Handley 2008, just to prove this point. So here is the WIkipedia Article that summarizes what the case was about and the ultimate decision from that case and the case itself: Now some of you are probably wondering "Morphbox why are you making a big deal about this? " Well it's simple. I value Freedom of Speech. Both the spirit and the law and the law in the Us has been undermined for several decades now by moral busybodies who just want to cause a moral panic and this time is no different. That and Obscenity Law(s) are bullshit. I know most people came to this site to have fun and just post random shit about anime girls and sometimes guys, but it's now down to principles. So I hope @a and his legal team actually look over this case and realize under Us Law as far as I'm aware Lolicon and Shotacon are legal. They are just drawings of fictional children yes doing sexual acts, but they are fictional none the less and yes they do have artistic merit to them. You may not like it, but ultimately that's your problem and not mine. Nor is it anyone else's. Now then here is some tasteful loli everyone including certain prudes can enjoy. 
I am with you time to let the ban hammer fall. Or rather Id like to let a Real hammer fall on the heads of these pedo, faggot cunts. Glad you mentioned something I for one will not even venture near the spam folder because of this 
Nigger used Over 500, 000, 000 times/year. Sorry, Until it is removed from all rap music all social media and all common every day language by blacks get over it 
Who pushed her? Do they need gofundme money? I can go without food for a week and send some. Too bad she landed on her head, nothing to damage there. 
Safest place for a nigger to land: on their empty head! 
Um, Celts very much exist today, and Druids, priestly caste was destroyed by Romans, being political threat and a huge obstacle to Roman conquest of Britannia. And Christians have fully embraced jews and their moslem/ nigger pets, at least in Western Europe they did 100%. 
Day three: Roasted 
Don't trust that cunt for killing those plants for no reason 
Go be a degenerate somewhere else, faggot 
White girl problem: Which nigger to shoot first. 
It's maddening that Caca, something that is unconstitutional, even has to go through the Supreme Court. I'd rather have a shit economy without a country full of spics than a booming economy with a country filled with sand nigger rapefugees and spics. "We either have a country or we don't. " 
Be a hen pecked faggot that no one respects so your kid grows up gay. 
Fat faggot hag slag bitch. I can see why Bill played the field to avoid coming home to a beached whale with Copd every night. 
Turnover Terry is a shitty Nigger qb put in the white human that can actually pass 
Yeah don't though, he's a fucking cuck who honestly thinks that Muslims are somehow an independent threat (independent of the Jews. Red Ice have seriously cucked out lately. I blame that fag-sounding retard Patrick Casey, who naturally has nothing to say about Ram because he's a fucking cuck. 
Wow, the civilian left shows that they are completely uninformed by this tweet, lemmings and sheep. You know where this dumb cunt gets her propaganda from. In her very tiny mind she believes we are the ones who are "victims" of propaganda. White Supremacist propaganda! 
@ Irishmick Shill/Troll Alert Block This Cunt Rprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprp. 
Dont be a racist the only thing worse than a racist is a nigger 
Sidefag was a neocon warmonger who wanted the Us to attack Iran. He was no conservative. Also I didn't support anything, I just enjoyed it as a spectator. I do hate Christianity. It is meme malware. 
Sidephase is as neo-con as you are as conservative. How much does the Soros Call Center pay you to write this retarded shit with no proof to back it up? Cc: 
That was me that wanted to nuke Iran. Sidephase just agreed with me. Ya know. The more you talk, the more you sound like a Muslim worshiping, towelhead from the Middle East. 
I mean who wouldn't do the same thing when you constantly have a nation full of towelheads bragging about nuclear power and chanting "Death to America"? 
You see why nobody believes your retarded "Gab is dying/" conspiracy? 
Did you see? They won't be able to take money anymore. Too bad, so sad. 
Uh. See what? The only thing I see right now is a LARPing boomer e-celeb crying about something some guy said about him online. Fucking clown. Let me ask you a question. How many people have you muted? Cc: 
Hah! 1 upvote, let me guess, yourself? 
Concept infection successful. I force Torba to reprogram the site to counter my attacks. What have you ever done? 
Why have i never thought of asking you that? What have you done besides bitch and cry on a social media site for attention you e-celeb ass bitch? Fucking crybaby. Cc: 
And the left celebrates this as an accomplishment? Sew the whores cunt shut! 
Faggot nigger 
How to get nigger stomped. 
He's making fun of that transvestite faggot Eddie Gorcenski. 
Gun here it come bang cunt loony prick it dead 
You're poll was shit from the start faggot 
So does that mean we can call "it" a cunt now? 
Faggot 
Here, they do that. They also do opiates and suck nigger dick. 
I wish I weren't kidding. I'd say between 15-50% fuck niggers (depending on rural vs. City. I'd say 50% smoke pot and 20% are on harder drugs. Half are also obese. That's an honest estimate. 
I obviously have a functioning brain so I am not qualified to be a brainwashed retarded monkey brain Racist piece of human sewage antifa member. They are are complete Npc's! 
>when you try to play chess but you're also retarded 
Nice try. Usc holds major Holodomor conferences, that spells death for you Kikes trying to infiltrate with Christianity. You're a Talmudic Twat we all know it. I run California you can't even afford to flourish here, degenerate sodomy Bolshevik. 
I used to at least tolerate Juan, but he’s a fucking nigger. I like and appreciate thoughtful, conservative, hard-working members of Any Race, including blacks, who strive to live together in a polite society. We will keep those people of Any Race on our side. The left can keep the fucking niggers and Williams is just in a nigger in an expensive suit! 
Hahahahahahaha. The nigger died doing what he loved. 
And there are others who will cry like niggers because they have the minds of niggers in their nigger skulls. 
House niggers. Those who confine themselves to thinking solely of what can happen through voting in Zoglections within the current political borders should at least have the honesty towards themselves to embrace accelerationism (Brer Rabbit nationalism. 
I'm gonna laugh as you are raped to death by niggers. 
With the booming thunder of his voice. The mighty Aryans will strike their enemies down whilst word smithing spells to disperse the mud hoards. Thousands of years of hardship created this titan of a word Nigger! Also vote Gop. -1488 caricature 
Lol, you're literally a nigger. 
The Proper Name Is Cock! You weabo tranny faggot 
Your still here? Wtf Dude Lmfao Crazy Shit! Your like a faggot Nazi's likes gettin cornhole by mixed races Huh! Lmfao its take everyone make a Us citizens 
Some one need start a open tube for us with a mind of our own And it should be owned by the users as a block chain So no cunt can sale it of and it get gets destroyed same as utube did. If all users of the platform own it as blockchain Nothing can be erased 
Hillary Rodham, the most uncivilised cunt in political history, with 200 plus corpses in her wake, calls for the 'restoration of 'civility' to politics after we regain power'. This is the most grating irony Imaginable. She is an ugly thug that will do for 2018 what she did for 2016. Keep drinking toddler blood and bring on the insanity, Killary. 
Cunt dorsey 
You write exactly like the illiterate retard that you arelol! 
Another Blue Check Sjw Cunt Bitch Whore! Thousands Of Those CuntS On Twitter! 
Jews are not human, everyone knows this you stupid faggot 
Most ppl who talk about the working class doesn't have a clue how fucking retarded the working class is. 
I'm not retarded but then I don't have a university education or should I say I am not university indoctrinated and a liberal ass clown without the working class the rich wouldn't be rich let that sink in you fuckin dick 
If you try to explain something so inexplicably retarded you should probably be in law skool, not med skool. 
This is gonna hurt the commission check this month: $1. 4M in Meth Seized 38 pounds at Texas Border Checkpoint, K-9 agent alerted to the possible presence of drug or human cargo in the truck 
The wall is currently under construction contrary to what the Lsm is saying: 
We'll see, i hope for the sake of America that they do build it. 
Isn’t it funny that I hope they don’t for the same reason? 
Please enlighten us - how would The Wall be detrimental to America and her citizens? I'll wait. 
Firstly, you’re giving power to people who consistently show that they will abuse whatever power you give them. Secondly, the immigration process is too slow to supply the Usa with the labor it desperately needs to grow wealth. 
Knot you keep using other words when you meant 'jews', maybe take some time off or poast slower, this mildly retarded style isn't a good look 
You are the biggest faggot on all of Gab 
I took a shit on your mother's chest and she liked it, faggot 
Earthling Carl is wicked love his youtube i follow him on here he always slaps nick on Lbc make's him look like the cunt he is and as for the tommys tommys the army should be reorganised and all the common purpose sjw Ministry of Defence Ass clowns should be unemployed or given a gun and sent to Afghanistan they won't by sjw's for long. 
Geraldo is a globalist retard 
You've gotta be a nigger. Only a nigger could be as stupid as you 
This cunt needs to goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
Faggot 
Ikr. When I see that shit I just can’t help but think about how niggers treat whites when they’re in any position of power while these r the donald type faggots can’t stop worshipping & begging them to come on our side. So cringe. Makes me embarrassed for them too. 
I just don’t get how a person can live their lives that way. I am usually good at looking at both sides of something & even if I vehemently disagree with the other side, I can at least see where they're coming from. But this nigger worship just goes right over me. I guess my dad’s technically a boomer, he was born in 69 & I’m so glad he’s nothing like that. 
Great point. They’re come around to being open to things like fag marriage & pot smoking so therefore in their own brainwashed heads they believe they’ve considered all sides of everything and know what’s best. 
Exactly. They will accept niggerization before they will listen to us. 
Whats really disturbing too is how many of them there apparently are. All of those posts on here with niggers in maga hats with captions like FINAllY! Welcome home family! Xoxo have hundreds & hundreds of likes. 
The other issue is this too - and another post just made me think about it - they aren't scared. Along with the Jew brainwashing has been the "America is indestructible Rambo, Rocky, Chuck Norris" bullshit that's also been going on. They don't think America can be taken down. It's inconceivable to them. 
Omg exactly! I see posts like that All The Time! And the shitty thing is that they’ve destroyed everything for mine & future generations and they’re all going to die right as the inevitable collapse happens. I mean it’s already happening but I mean before it gets really bad 
Yep, I am pretty much just waiting for the boomers to die off, got money in the commodities market (mining) and gold/silver. I am really not interested in anything the boomers have to say in any way shape or form. They really are the Npc robots of a generation. They cannot critically think about the future of their own children - let alone the race. They take on Interest only mortgages so as to leave nothing behind them. They take out mortgages on their houses which they don't need to pay back, but the house reverts to the bank on their deaths. They are salting the earth behind them and can't even see it. They Still think they are moral doing so - despite the fact no generation of people in recorded history has ever thought this was a good idea. Despite those nations they are letting in - not doing the same, thus not showing this same level of "woke" the boomers are displaying. So what makes them think they won't attack us once they are inside? They are just after their own pathological needs. 
Wow. You’re exactly right. That’s really effing sad too. I’m getting so black pilled on Gab lol 
I know 2 people who are friends of the family who took out those "We'll pay you a big mortgage now, and you don't have to repay it, but we keep the house when you die. " deals. Can you imagine someone from say. Pre-ww2 taking that out? They would've laughed at the banker for even suggesting it. The land is everything. Everything. Property is a necessity. 
I mean who tf does that sound like a good idea to? Your house is paid off (after not only paying for it but multiple times the value of the house in interest also) then you’re going to sell it back for prolly 1/10 of that amount! That’s like the jewiest scam in the history of life but I blame whoever takes them up on that offer even more for being such a fucking retard 
No they will give you like $500k for it. One woman did hers like that and went to America, Europe etc etc etc. Now they are broke again because they are just awful people lol 
Wow. I feel sorry for her family. So disgusting. 
Don't. Her daughter divorced her husband and left her daughter to go remarry a canadian. Basically just left the daughter here in Australia at the ripe old age of 14 or so. Then divorced him and came back - her daughter won't talk to her and married herself - then remarried Again recently. Awful people, like I said. 
I doubt it has anything to do with room, they just want to live in white societies cause whites have societies that are stable and functional. Shitskins are too retarded and chaotic for civilization, so they hope to leech onto others to compensate for the flaws they themselves have. This will continue until all of them are dead. 
What's the quote from the nigger athlete about how Hitler respected him more than the American president did? 
You guys should totally see how quickly you can be put in nigger jail under Rico. I bet it takes less than 72 hours. 
Ken Ham is a retard who thinks the Earth is 6, 000 years old and Jesus rode dinosaurs. Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Blocked on Fb ok, but on a dating-site? "Suspended", for violating terms of agreement. Saying that the majority on there are retarded scamming 3rd world savages and runner up are delusional libtards that should join their allies in the 3rd world & ruin it & leave the West alone. That? Or was I reported by a guy I spoke to, who btw also mentioned "niggers, etc. " 
Fb loves niggers, kikes, faggots, dykes and all othe sub-humans 
Luckily where I instruct are not totally retarded with Liberal ideas. However, I can see it creeping in on some things. I ignore it as much as I can. 
I don't understand why men kill themselves without putting two in the head of the cunt who lied first. Kill Her Then Yourself You Twats. It should be a foregone conclusion that if you're trying to ruin someone's life that YouRS is forfeit in the trade! 
Was it a nigger or a woman? 
I’d like to see that cunt actually try to prove the statistic he pulled out of his ass. 
Democrats are Racist Retarded Npc's! Democrats are human sewage! They all need to be flushed! 
I know how to install a virus into their programming. All you do is use their programming against them and they run like hell! Their egos are based in quicksand. But it really is not possible to be a Democrat and not be an Npc. They are obviously all Retarded and at this point mentally insane for the most part. The have no intelligence and that is a Fact. This is FactUALLY how their brain does not function. They are all a software program or polluted thumb drive. Democrats are all Retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons. Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place. Most immigrants fall into this category. The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling. They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function. Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet. They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive. All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway. They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction. Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather. They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains! 
Let's welcome children's groper friend of retarded - to the assault and mockery that awaits him from the can't wait. 
And we don't worship the pedi file faggot muhammad. 
Arabs are semites, Jews are scumites. Fuckin' nigger lover. 
The Gop is spinning up a narrative about "mob violence" to scare their voters into turning out for the midterms. They haven't done anything about the mob in two years except use it as fodder in their campaign ads 
Is participating in electoral politics going to protect anyone from "the mob" as the Gop argues? The mob has been out there rioting and attacking people for two years now and they haven't lifted a finger to do anything about it except for condemning us after Charlottesville 
Is abstaining from electoral politics going to protect anyone? Your position is subject to the same criticism. 
If you vote for a Center Right party, you should expect to get Center Right policies. In spite of Trump's rebranding, the Gop keeps delivering the same conservative policies for its donors 
>Fellas fellas fellas, didn't you get the memo? We are all spinless jellyfish within an amoral, nigger loving society. 
I would rather be an alive racist than a dead nigger lover. That is how his filthy white trophy is going to end up like when he gets tired of her. 
If there are no witnesses, and you can get away with it, run over or shoot every antifa faggot you can! It Will make you feel good killing off a terrorist! 
A reminder; Dyke Haircuts make 95% of women ugly and look like a dude. Women evolved thicker, more silky hair for a reason, not to chop it off and look embarrassing. 
Well he Is a nigger so he would have raped someone anyway 
LOLzy ) 
What's with you kikes and Hitler being gay? Do yall really want "nazi" dick that bad? 
Whats with you nazis being gay, fag? 
I'm a woman so yea I like men. Lol I'll never understand how jews don't understand that them holding onto and looking for gay porn makes them serious faggots. 
Sure if you say so. I'm still not the faggot that has tons of gay "nazi" porn saved on my computer. Lmfao 
Lmfao More fetish stuff? I wonder how much gay porn you look through and save to your computer? You hebes are completely oblivious to your homosexual ways I dont know if I should laugh at it or be sad at it. 
LOLzy It is fun to what you fag out 
Says the man posting faggot porn. 
Now we have fun ) 
You left Christianity because some christians are retarded heretics? 
Wanted me to tell you this. "Stfu kike. This jew has me muted. Someone please let it know I have my oven set to clean and it needs to stop by. " 
I told it I wasn't scared to die and asked the kike if he was. It fled with jazz hands, oy vey terror. 
Aren't they always doing that? If it wants nigger it should go to Africa. I'm sure they will be accepting. Lol 
Leave and move to Faggot Land! 
Aw, no Butt Fucking for you guys. Pahahahaha 
Might be trying to tell you one of them muzzie terror compounds is close by? 
Just sums the twat up. All wind and piss! 
So, you are Nigger, yet you prefer to be with a White woman? That is the very definition of racism. You do realise this, yes? You are aware that your own women are fugly, therefore you need to choose ours, although I know for a fact you do not have one of ours. You Wish you did, Nigger. Nice of you to admit to your racial-inferiority. 
Not fond of mixed race marriages. But mostly disgusted at seeing white and black couples. It nauseates me. The nigger is mocking the white race and the white is a traitor. 
This whole thing is a scam. Attributing nigger behavior to white boys is just commie disinformation, one the many names for the big lie invented by the Bolshevik Jews. 
Arrogant cunt he is 
I seriously hope that guy's life is completely destroyed. Not bc that would solve the problem bc he's just a pawn. But just so he realizes how retarded he was to work for George Soros. 
Breaking: More Charlottesville arrests! This is disgusting. It is a witchhunt. This is also why retard rallies are a bad idea. 
The same faggot who open there arm and where think muslim where there friend. But they knew depth down they were just being weak and to tolerant of the intolerant. The same faggot who would lecture conservative who where somehow protecting them from those people. 
E-celebs is faggot worship 
Democrats are smart in some ways but ham-fisted and stupid in others. I think this perp will be found quick and be a leftist. Probably some middle-aged retard who watches Don Lemon all day. 
Whoa! Sorry, I have no idea how that comment got attached to this video. It was supposed to go with another post about California and immigration. Weird! Hell yeah that muzzie needs to be screened. Her and the rest of her ilk! Happens more to white people I'm sure. 
It's fucking disgusting how these magapede retards will support anything this nigger does just because it "triggers da libs". What does being conservative even mean when your side's idols are literally promoting interracial cuckolding porn on a platform that millions of children watch. 
It means we finally have a president who is serious about looking after the interests of All Americans. What's Your problem, are you feeling triggered and threatened? You do realize the definition of nigger is Ignorant Person right? Sounds more fitting for you there big guy. Get a clue. We want the boots off of All American's necks. 
You really don't Hear yourself, do you? The signature of intelligence is to question Your own thoughts and beliefs. Where in the hell do you even come up with this shit? What you gonna come thuggin on me like the Other tards on the left? Bring it muther fucker. I can't stand you assholes. 
Don't hurt yourself Erwin, it must be tiring repeating the factory made line over and over again all day long. Look Mom I Can Spell. 
Look Mom I Defeated Evil Racist On Gab (Ns Central. You're pathetic buddy. Looking forward to your deportation. 
Okay libtard, whatever you say. How's that utopian delusion working for you in the Real world. Hahaha 
"Okay, libtard". Alright so the actual left who are rabidly anti-nazi are actually conservatives in disguise. Gotcha, big brains! Yes, "delusion", people were also trying to keep telling Adolf Hitler that he is delusional in their jewish newspapers in 1920's during his campaign. I wonder what happened in 1933. Womp Womp. 
Wrong Again. Better Look A Little Closer At Antifa Flag, LookS Strikingly Similar To Your Loser Flag. I'd rather have any and all minorities loyal to America than out of touch hater Anchors like you anyday. 
For all I know you are a fucking bot. With a whopping two lines in the vocabulary. Cya loser. 
Yes, antifa flag is actually a flag with hidden swastika and black background. I can't even take you seriously at this point. "minorities loyal" haha how delusional can you be. You'll be a minority yourself in less than a decade at this pace. You'll end up like South Africa, getting slaughtered in your own home for being white and not giving away your shit. 
You clearly don't know what a bot actually is. Bot would automate same messages. Clearly I'm not because im literally quoting your dumb shit. And bye, have a great day. 
Purity doh. Ryan's mum fucked so many men that there must have been about 5 guys sperm in her cunt the day he was conceived 
It turns out shrieking like a retard isn't a convincing argument 
So Many Things Wrong With This Twat And Only 300 Characters. Damn. 
This is the Real Economic Collapse Blog: This faggot is a fake: 
Cuz everybody wants to be part nigger 
We should be happy they do fuck their cousins. It's up to you Brit men to keep your women satisfied lest they marry muzzie and you will all eventually be killed or enslaved, depending on how much muzzie dick and ass you suck. Mad yet? 
I disagree David. He's just a muslime cunt. He can't become anything. A cunt is a cunt. A fart is just a distraction. Atif is a weak male; he can't function with females around. 
The fewer women a white man has actually raped, the more of a rapist he is. Bill "put some ice on it" Clinton - not guilty Brett "the virgin" Kavanaugh - rapist of all women is right. To reclaim the West, white men must rape the retarded out of white women. 
Faggot 
Cunt 
Eh, it's just the retarded Daily Stormer operatives out in force. Fucking retards 
Well the nigger state needs to look out for their niggers. Brotha's got his backs! 
$500 per student year in nigger tax. Those graduating with a master’s degree during that period will have over $2, 500 in student debt due exclusively to their university’s desire to encourage brown people to apply as faculty members". 
Filthy nigger scum. Every nigger on earth should be eradicated. 
As trump bails them out with your tax dollars from his stupid trade warstrumpsters are so profoundly retarded 
Sorry about your Down syndrome- must be hard to tie your shoes being so stupid. 
Country says, Blair is a criminal cunt who should not be listened too 
Fuck off Labour cunt 
Gib stickers, cunt 
Faggot retards promoting "based jew in a maga hat" please God will they just shut up or kill themselves 
That is how a civil war starts. The Us gov will go condem Bolsonaro and want him hit with sanctions, this will embolden the nigger population in the north east to "resist" and being they have 80 iqs they will start killing Bolsonaro supporters or what they perceive as supporters. Then you will have retaliation. 
Dyke witches organizing a hex on Kavanaugh, lets get something going for Ginsberg 
1000000% of white men should vote Trump. Listen to the derision heaped on white men by the Left. Fuck them! Now they want to destroy white men's lives based on 36 year old allegations just because a cunt says so! 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
Oh Now Try To Deny It Kike 
Smart people see her for what she is. A subversive cunt that needs to neutralized. 
Does that faggot actually think Kavanaugh could step down and just go back to being a Dc judge? If he stepped down, they would destroy him. His career would be over. Its like apologizing for everything. Never apologize. 
Who cares? God is a myth. This is like debating on whether Santa smells like blue or argyle. It's fucking retarded nonsense. 
"who cares? God is a myth. This is like debating on whether Santa smells like blue or argyle. It's fucking retarded nonsense". -I care and You must care. These people Live like princes and we are the ones Who Pays Them. The rich folowers of the poor (never existed) Jesus. 
The shit poster with a tiny dick has been triggered. I don't believe in all this retarded nonsense. Let's debate about it. Lol, what a maroon. 
That Ukrainian kid is more dangerous to Sweden than Muzzie rapists. 
You Need To Be Put In Prison! Liberal Criminal. The food sat in the sun until it spoiled full of worms you feckless cunt while Puerto Ricans people suffered so you could use it as political fodder keep VOTInG Democrat You Deserve These Monsters! 
You Need To Be Put In Prison! Liberal Criminal. The food sat in the sun until it spoiled full of worms you feckless cunt while Puerto Ricans people suffered so you could use it as political fodder 
That Cunt Bitch is Sooooooooooooooooo Fucking Ugly! 
Palestinians are to Israel what Mexicans are to the Usa 
Do you ever get tired of being an absolute faggot 
Who thinks this twat and what she has to say is of any interest to anyone. 
Shapiro = Cunt 
Whos the annoying faggot on your show right now alex? 
And Nigger economy (goolag that shit, it's worth the keks) 
What's your obsession with nigger porn? Can you debunk anything I've said or are you just retarded? 
Snoop is a pussy ass cunt bitch 
Her Name Is Goldy Faggot 
Tonight on gab, the Cry-whining Game, courtesy of the snitch bitch whiny ass internet nazis. "Oh admin, Oh Gab, please ban da ebil joooz that we don't like whahhhh" Fucking retarded ass little kids LARPing and crying and snitching. Grow up pussies. 
Not an argument, kike. 
Snitch Gibson is a crybaby little bitch. Just ignore him. 
An Insult would have been, calling her a cunt. 
All of this is. It's Zog punishing the goyim for standing up to it. I mean, look at the bumper lipped praying mantis looking ass nigger DeAndre Harris. He didn't get shit time for his attack there, & got over 160k from GibsFundMe. Antifa doused our men in vile fluids and threw rocks, nothing happened at all to them. Mudshark has a coronary, it gets Sainthood 
That was a reply to Yet Another Dumb Religious Cunt Who Just Makes Lame Insults And Never Even Tries To Debate Intelligently. And I'm not 'triggered' I'm fucking bored senseless by ignorant idiots! 
But niggers aren't borderline retarded or anything. That'd be racist. 
I recommend that everyone join retarded boomer Matt Bracken's retarded social media site. Make sure to upvote and downvote things multiple times- his stupid piece of shit sends anyone signed up an email every time you do that. Use Tor and a cock. Li email. 
Lol This dude is retarded. 
Block this Jew cunt 
>beautiful white anime girl fucks up a nigger that video is Sugoi 
Timber nigger gibs lmao. They don't want anyone cutting in on their free trailers and fire water stipend lul 
Aren’t we So Glad that a nigger comedian, who hasn’t been relevant since Half Baked, is here to lecture us about Trump’s opinions? Thank You Dave Chappell. Your insight is much value! Many wows so smart! 
These are not youth`s, they are sub human, Nigger vermin. They are socially unevolved, degenerate trash. 
Isn't this fat, Commie cunt a teacher? /pol/, I don't suppose you could find out where it is that she is indoctrinating young people? 
Is that his nigger loving whore in that pic? 
I love that sign. "Fuck your borders" coming from the same cunt that probably thinks a man looking at her constitutes rape. "Omg you're in my personal space! " I say "Fuck your hypocrisy. " 
And by blacks you mean as long as their black asses where in the house before the sun went down they yep they were 100% in favor of nigger rights 
No surprise there. Feinstein is the quintessential evil Jew. 
Agreed. However most Europeans and people of all other races are good, whereas Jews as a race are pre-disposed towards evil. The proof lies in their words and deeds. They carry evil within them and spread it like a plague wherever they go. 
And then along comes you, proclaiming that a teeny tiny minority of the world population, vastly outnumbered by Whites. Has {{{Jewdi Mind Controlled}}} that superior White race. You people are such fucking retarded pussies. 
Go be a nigger somewhere else. 
Nationalist was never a bad word, only the low iq skank nigger globalists said it was 
Oh man, the Us government must have reduced the handouts to the nigger government of Selma. 
That buck toothd cunt got some ballz huh? 
"no one is just an individual" A collective is made up of individuals, faggot, and not many individuals are in your collective because it's retarded utopian commie shit. Reminder, the nazi elites entertained themselves with degenerate art in the bunker while the German people were being butchered outside. Fuck off. 
How to be a faggot online: >see the problem >admit the problem >refuse every even remotely plausible solution that relies on controlling women's whoring behavior >proceed to call women he never met whores cc 
We have seen the proof of that at the Faggot Pride Parades! 
Written by a retarded lolbertarian. 
A mudshark's love story. She told him she was breaking up but let him stay the night (read fuck her again) and borrow her car. Then she wanted her car back. Now she's dead. The end. 
She was a pretty young woman. Why in the fuck did she lie with an animal? Sleeping w a nigger is -bestiality- if you're not colored. The buck should be tossed from the Tarpeian Rocks- 
It's official, Harvard University has sunk to all time lows. This nigger ruined football, ruined shoes, now he's ruining universities. What's next? Is Kaepernick going to get a Nobel Peace Prize? What a disgraceful nigger. 
Faggot 
Then America is lost. You will pay for the third-world retard invaders to breed like rabbits. They will suck you dry and then they will replace you. They will rape your women and breed morons like themselves. The average Honduran Iq is in the low 80’s. Look at the invaders, you are looking at your future. 
Hey faggot if you have proof then post it, if not shut the fuck up. Because the onus is on you to prove its a fake 
Fucking retard he Shoahd his own acount 
Russia Russia Russia here we go again the faggot left is making shit up. No Russian hacked squat or is attempting squat. It was Feinstiens driver from china you faggots. 
Much worse. Two white cops were shot by a black kid in Brookhaven the day before. This Nigger Team is from Jackson. They were playing Brookhaven school. I Fucking Hate NiggerS. 
So do my wife and ICherry. The nigger is a worthless sub-human. It is stupid, violent, lazy, oversexed, smelly and ugly. 
Nigger ain't a color. Most niggers are black, but not all. Those kids are fucking niggers. 
Electoral college Keeps slavery in the dusty nether regions. Who votes for someone as politically retarded as Cortez? Socialism = Slavery! 
Eric holder, so we are going to allowe gun stores to sell illegal firearms, and not track the weaponry. Never go full retard 
Hatstorm mot barnens tidning: Håll käften the mportant question is - what does that illegal feral rapist muslim nigger rising threatening finger on viewers do on that image? It has no place here in civilised Christian white world! 
Coulter needs to do a European Tour and tell these Idiots that they will be dead very soon, their sons will be dead and their daughters will be new Muzzie Breeders with children named Mohamed 
Well, they're retarded then. Fuck'um if they can't handle a mixup 
I am retarded hear me hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
I wondered why Brazile Nuts were called Nigger Toes 
Gerade eben Nachricht erhalten von Dhl Paket kann nicht zugestellt werden Kein Name an der Klingel. Komisch Gester ging's noch, heute kann der Fahrer nicht mal mehr lesen. War wahrscheinlich irgend ein Nigger der kein Deutsch kann. Könnte hier nur noch kotzen. 
Who the hell voted down on this! I'm a flaming faggot and even I know a smokeshow when I see one. 
So the nigger slice/stabbed his eye with a "something"? Looked like a quick eye stab and a punch with the other arm Get your concealed carry today. Would you like to know more? 
Fuck off kikesucker faggot 
This Half Muslim Nigger Is Not A Born American. He Is A Fraud, And Needs Destroyed Period. 
They've been mollycoddled their entire lives. It's no wonder they can't handle reality. Unfortunately, just like everything this cunt has ever done. It's probably just drama whoring. 
Catholic church - mass murderers, thieves and child molesters Vatican is a cradle of every filth imaginable, ruled by long line of Popes each known for his degeneracies and perversions Current Pope is blaspheming commie and enemy of White race who licks nigger feet Don't you worry about Serbian genes, worry about your women opening legs to arabs and niggers 
Hollywood is full of scum. All are democrats so. 
Because they all suck sand nigger cock 
Faggot Soy Boy! 
Exclusive Video: Nancy Pelosi Confronted By Pro-Trump Cubans In Florida You don’t belong here you f*ing communist. 
String that dirty old Commie cunt up. 
Guns don't mean shit if you aint got balls it time for all niggas to be warriors gain we was kings and queens visiting the stars before the white devils came stoled are knowledge and enslaved us it gonna be a black planet white devils watch out 
You need to start posting more Nigger Jamal, I've ran outa stupid shit on here to laugh at. You're not doing much to break the stereotype that niggers are too lazy to breath, considering all your' greasy ass has to do is push buttons lmao 
Who the fuck would want to do that, you would have to be beyond retarded to want to live with a bunch of shit 3rd world people. If those people were capable of not fucking up their own societies, they would have little reason to leave them in the first place. 
Someone please slap this fucking faggot in the mouth. 
Yeah Don’t give a fuck Bud. They’re nigger demons to me. They should be sent to Africa so nature can run its course. 
Another retard without a clue. Why should two states alone (Ny and Ca) determine the presidential election? Because under "popular vote" that is exactly what would happen, disenfranchising the other states. The electoral college was setup for that reason. Now shutup and go make someone a sandwich. 
Delusional twat 
These retarded cast members from planet of the apes could not even explain the simplest of their apparent grievances 
Get off my flag you fat cunts! Vote vote vote! 
Stinky Nig chicks. Boyfriends in prison? Hooche mamas! Pu! 
I've said it many times. Illegals/muSLIMES bring in all kinds of filthy diseases to our country. Keep the maggots Out! 
Hell yeah. I bet wetback border jumpers stop their shit. 
So the nigger slice/stabbed his eye with a "something"? Looked like a quick eye stab and a punch with the other arm. "Get your concealed carry today. Would you like to know more? 
I guarantee if an Antifa faggot put down his dildo and shot a bunch of "fascist Nazis" at a rally the left would celebrate. So no I don't care about anybody dying. 
If Christians stood up and recaptured the west it would fall even faster under an anti-science authoritarian theocracy. Even the most hair-brained retarded libsucking faggot understands this. As does nearly everyone else which is why Christianity will only continue to lose. Keep it on the bench it will not help your team. Race and nationality is all you need to create a cohesive super-organism and science is how you make them powerful and capable of defending it. God can't even beat iron chariots. Let alone quantum encrypted military communications telling the drone swarms who to kill. Such things will be controlled by China if the West goes full-theocracy in this reset back to the Right. Ever wonder why we don't have stem-cells to fix your back and you have to go to another country to get it? Christianity. Ever wonder why you cannot be euthanized when you're shitting yourself and screaming for mercy at age 80 because you have dementia? Christianity. Don't go full theocracy. Keep religion on the back-step or regret the retarded bizarro government you may just end up creating. 
Great points brother. The Chinese don't have these scruples focusing on ridiculous things like preventing blacks from having abortions. Christianity has been destroyed by modern science and philosophy just dead weight. 
Racial traitor! Putting religion before race by attacking your Christian pro white brothers and sisters! Hurr durr. Christianity is anti science, so that’s why I believe in Pagan ancestral spirit memory and reincarnation, like a fucking Hindu. 
I don't believe in reincarnation. I die that's probably it. If there is a soul I expect for it to be temporary and flawed like the rest of the cosmos. Worst case the afterlife is probably no different than this life; full of fuckery. Not much of a leap of logic there if you want to include the idea of a soul for the sake of argument. That aside "spirit memory" the fuck does that mean? Like Racial Memory? Yeah that exists it's sometimes called instinct. Your Dna remembers many many things about the past including climate and diet. "Christian pro-white" uh yeah the Abrahamics are foreign and backwards I'm a guy who wants a white ethnostate not a theocracy or a society that is just as backwards and wrong about reality. The White Race rose above Christianity and we are better for it. The fact that we have an issue organizing isn't the fault of us leaving Christianity it is the fault of Christianity and it being wrong; hence the 36, 000 denominations of clusterfuckery. It dropped the ball and will be replaced end of story. That Frankenstein will not fly it is a joke. It can stay on the bench; at best. 
Beautiful girl mate. Was seeing her three years ago. Then she had to go back to France to start uni. Seeing a French geezer now. Lucky twat lol 
Homeschool your kids or they will become retarded Npc's. 
If this is what a university education does for you then god help us all in the future with retarded morons like her spouting bullshit 
Nigger 
This is piss easy, if you need a Phd to solve these easy question then by god our fucking generation is gonna be retarded as fuck the whole "the majority of the 100IQ students got only 5/10 of them right" pretty much shows who goes to Academia these days 
Try say that to children one day oh sorry you can't the cunt fuck to make children or try fucking frog ript ript 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Keep telling yourself that, faggot 
I agree, although it did seem that during the optics schism a lot of people seemed to argue the whole point was to get the media to report on us favorably (which is retarded on so many levels. 
But you can Say Nigger here 
This nasty looking dyke just wishes someone would give her attention. But just the fact it looks like a guy, I'm not surprised most guys wouldn't touch it. 
I think the skull portrayed as Muslim is actually a nigger skull. Due to millenia of inbreeding the muzz skull would be two skulls fused together as conjoined twins, or some other freakish defect. 
I dunno, why is goyimgoddess(sinead mccarthy) hanging out with niggers? 
Except I didn't call her crazy, I called her a filthy whore. Learn to read before you make retarded comments again. 
I called it months ago! I said. This Asshole Is A Faggot. Its Written All Over HIs Face. HIs Enunciation Of Words. HIs Body Language. He Is A Flaming Faggot! 
You take nigger sloppy seconds if you want. I won't even touch a woman that fucks niggers. 
No, he wouldn't. He's an Anti White cunt 
If you're here celebrating these deaths all because they were Jews you're a huge cunt and you're one of the reasons why the right to bear arms should not be a right at all. 
You're the cunt who would deny the ability for men and women of conscience, integrity, and character the means to defend themselves. Shame On You. 
All jews are gay creatures just like you. Hope Russia removes gay israel from the globe and make soap from you faggot creatures 
Flat Earthers full retard mode episode 2 Redux via 
But here you are faggot. Bwahhhhhhhhhhhahaha 
Kanye is a quadruple stuf oreo, a stepanfetchit and uncle tom " house nigger " for the white massa in the big house: Diaper Boy trumpuke. They are biggest white and black self absorbed assholes in America 
Liberals are NAZIs? I don't remember National Socialists as being supportive of Faggot marriage, Negro worship, Multiculturalism, Religious plurality, open borders, or a fraudulent money system. No. Liberals are stupid White Goyim brainwashed by Jew Bolshevik Commies. Try again Kike! 
It speaks encyclopedic volumes to whom you are talking to. Fuck off Leftist Bolshevik Cultural-Marxist Globalist faggot. 
Commies hate Western culture and religion, and they hate NAZIs and Fascists. Irl, NAZIs and Fascists hated commies, and promoted Western culture, traditions, spirituality, and religion. We killed Japs, Fascists and NAZIs who were killing commies - then, we gave over half of white, christian, Europe to the Commies in the old Ussr. We called it 'victory'. 
If the same all encompassing tone all Black people are Retarded! Generalizing a whole race sure is popular with many retarded Black people! Thx Jews! 
You white faggot nigger lover. You are scum you little white worm. Lol 
Well. Bush did the phone thing. Don't get me wrong he was always on the Obama team but yea. That Obama phone deal was all Bush. Just like everything else though the nigger took credit for it 
You do what you want you’re a hero takin down the cabal no chance you’re mentally retarded stuck with the brain of an 8 year old! 
I'm of British descent. My husband is of Greek descent. We don't have the same Dna. You simply are retarded and don't know shit about race. 
"'Universal truth' = jew-speak" has to be the most retarded thing I've ever read on this site, and I've seen some shit. 
Dumb ass fuckin nigger 
It gets better, got a storage unit and when I went to get some things I noticed that my window was popped open and my tablet and PS4 was stolen from my living room. Luckly, they didn't take my stereo system, pc or Tv. I took those to storage so now there is nothing in there a nigger will take. That's 2/2 
Who cares what this old cunt says. 
Love it, can think of 1 person i would use this on. And only because he is a total fucking retard that isnt interested in civil discourse. 
See this would of been on i would of cut lose from the tree. 20 yrs ago we were past the nigger thing niggers are dumb and forget i guess 
Lol i wonder what sort of "Premium content" this faggot has. 
Fucking hate bitches comparing humans to animals as saying animals should have rights, humans are worse than animals etc. You're contributing to the lessening of human rights and the equalization of animals and humans. Fueled by your hatred of Christianity, you're enabling your own relegation 
Fuck that. I'll eat whatever animal I want. I breed and eat chickens and I fish. Extensive scientific studies show a diet of meat and fish os the most healthy. Vegans are gay too. Soya actually increases estrogen 
Faggot 
Idiots say: "Trump has Jews in his family, so he ought to be wise to the Jq. " To illustrate how retarded this is, imagine if Ivanka were a coalburner married to Daquan Jackson. Trump not only welcomes Jackson, he makes him a special Wh advisor to import ebola-infected Liberians and smuggle coltan from the Congo. Would that make him "based" and racially aware? 
How stupid are you? Did niggers have a Christian kingdom with monarchial houses based on bloodlines, that stood taller than all the known world for 1, 000 years? Did the jews? I will tell Yashua himself that you have a cunt for a brain. Your rhetorical, provoking comments don't mean shit for real men. 
This cunt is fuckin toast 
The Muzzie skank is Not Canadian! If she doesn't like living in Canada, she can pack up her tent and her rages and Gtfo! Oh yeah, take the rest of her stinking tribe with her! 
Con-yeah gonna make all dah 13 yr ol white keeds woth brain prolems cause da 25 yr ol freshman nigger pick dem up an drop dem on der hea all better 
Fuck no! Sadly, the faggot offspring of R. Murdoch are likely to want her. 
Somebody egg that lying Cunt in public please 
Should be shacked up with some ass raping nigger in a prison cell. 
You know how niggers treat their fuck meat. They like to tenderize it first. 
Wakanda: A delusional kike invention to fool their nigger slaves into believing they're equal to the white man. 
Than apparently your screen name is a lie. How can you say white is Beutifull and go out and fuck a greasy stinky nigger. You are a poser 
Yep I'm sensing it's all going down. Especially when you hear from Pos Traitor Cunt Hanoi Jane Fonda calling for violence & killing all Trump Supporters. The rats are in total panic. The look on their faces is priceless. The Gitmo Hilton awaits them all with the Rat Soup as the Soup Du Jour & Stale Bread with Dirty Water. 
Tell that twat to fuck off l 
News facts, all should know, revealed by Mn Rep, the day he was voted in by Retarded Minnesota Democrats. * what happened to her for weeks after by Commie when they deny everything she says, only to hear it from himself, swearing in on Koran scum cult. * will have all the connected links related. Shock them with reality. Ellison & scum cult Agent partner are members. Running The. Seat 1 & 2. Pulling mower backwards over feet, some might see a flicker of light wearing thongs. 
Anything else you fucking cunt Loser. Start thinking for yourself 
Fucking pussy wife beater. Someone gif him in a redneck wife beater tee 
Murica in a nutshell. "No amount of planning can replace dumb luck". Then as Bismarck said, and he knew everything about the the eurotrash inbred retarded elites. "There is a Divine Providence that protects drunks, and the United States of America". Join in, The Divine, not "god" is how. Seek and ye shall find, so says the Master. 
Shouting won't make a difference Tuck Tuck. That is government policy that needs changing. Not working because you don't like where the Govt spend some of your taxes is Not a valid excuse. Have you run this one by Corbyn yet though? He may be quite keen to use it too. Have you paid taxes by the way? You clearly aren't happy with your government ) 
How Bizarre 
Is it really bizarre? What's the motivation? To get money to buy shit? Things/money don't really mean much to me. So long as women are anti-white/anti-western single mothers, feminists, having nigger babies, gender non-binary or whatever I have very little motivation to society. I actually have a vested interest in this society being replaced. 
And you still Dont live in Vietnam? Why. Ooh yea no free shit. No hand outs. Nobody but you to blame for you. You have to work and provide for You. You also havent turned vietnam into a welfair country either. If you did that to them. They Would Call You A Nigger 
I Do Know That For Us Boomers, We Had On All Are Offical Forms, Four Fuckin Groups(White-Black-Asian-Other)You GenX’ers & Millennials Have 20 Choices, You Drink FooFoo Faggot Sissy Boy Coffees With Fuckin Whipped Cream & Use The Same Bathroom Despite The Children, Wow, We Really Need A Civil War To Thin The Fuckin Herd, Kill The Stupid, Kill It With Fire 
The Context On Your Page Suggests Your Wannabe, I Care Less About Any Religion, As For Race I Will Kill A 5'4" 114lbs White Girl Wearing A Che Guerra T-Shirt Just As Easy As A 6'2"240lbs Nigger And Everyone In Between, Some Real White Worrior Will End Your Coward Anonymous Life, Address Me Showing Your Real Face, Or Fuck Off Faggot 
You retarded tranny feel free to leave anytime you coward you won’t leave you are all talk you fake cunt 
Who's we? These cities where this is going on has gone full retard they control their "law enforcement" their leadership is complicit! Not happening in my city, is it happening in yours? 
Fuck off you hook-nosed nigger - your subversion won't work around here. 
Rabid Racist Pensioner Thrown Out of His Fav Shop for Telling Black Wankers to Sod Off Back to the Jungle. Fat Sounding Cunt Involves Herself. Did She Want Dat Dick? 
Good chance its not a nigger doing it. For once. They tend to fire 50 rounds and only hit 1 person. But then again it is Shticago so anything is possible. 
The Jews hate and blaspheme the name of Christ, they even believe he's boiling in feces Please fucking kill yourselves you retarded boomers 
Looooooool fuck off you daft cunt 
Only faggots you got are degenerate jew golem npc creations. You worthless nigger lover. 
Oh, look a kike faggot made himself a meme. 
Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
Of course but the damage caused by Moslems hundrets of years ago still echoes. 
Wow! You're a philosopher ) 
When the Italiens started to come to Switzerland we saw a rise in knife crimes, they like their knifes in southern Italy. 
Not as much as we like it in London lol 
There is a big difference between real Moslems and Catholic Moslems) 
Yeah. Real Muslims follow Islam. Catholic Muslims follow Christianity. Keep up the good work ) 
There is no difference there is only one (1) Islam there are no offshoots of the cult as all are Islam. 
Yeah. His Catholic Muslims must be an unusual sect of Islam I haven't heard of before. I suppose they pray in mosques that have a church steeple and bell instead of a wailing twat on a microphone. Who knew? Lol 
Lol 
Look a real meme no wonder why we the left are freaking out look at it and that silly hiar cut sad cunt 
This is in a nutshell, full of ego's and neurosis. When you cannot maintain a healthy marriage or a relationship, so you have to import nigger children from 3rd world shitholes to make yourself more emotionally secure? 
They all look the same? I Mean Hollyweirds Finest, Honest! 
Common Purpose Dyke defends Common purpose Cuck. 
Faggot who kicked a pro lifer chick gets Busted! 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Yesss It Pisses Me Off To No End How The Freakazoids Faggots And Dykes Are Being Allowed To Terrorize And Abuse Christians. This Madness Has To SToP! The uk did it right American judges must stop their insane faggotry push! 
Yrs ago. I didnt care. I used to have faggot friends. But when they declared war on Christianity. All bets were off. I asked my now ex friends where they stood on the war. My reply to them. We Are Now Enemies In This War! 
That nigger iz fucking pzycho! 
95 % is not done we the vote that leave want to see true % bet money it only 25% because she say us not us the population you mean us may evil European union cunt s she will never break away from evil 
Just a bunch of sand nigger cock suckers wanting more sand nigger cock to suck 
. Oh ouch. Hubby fucks me just fine sissyboy. And you. You’re a clueless cunt 
What is it with you goons, do they teach you this faggot speak at voxiversity or something? 
Judging by the new loading screen, BioWare went full retard with the "stronk womyn" bullshit in. And the lips on that nigger jedi, wtf? Looking for a new. Anyone have any ideas? No WoW or GW2. 
Hes on film in a faggot orgy somewhere 
That's because she's a fat cunt 
Can't get much more retarded than a marijuana prohibitionist who embraces pubs as a core aspect of culture. Can't get much more retarded than that. 
Why are you posting Opera News faggot articles sourced from Time? 
Well. That's retarded 
You Are Letting Facts Get In The Way Of A 1ST. Class LYNCHInG And Character Smear. She Has The Dr. That Bill Cosby Had And She Needs To Be In The Same Place He Is ToDAY. In PRIsON. FUCKInG Cunt 
Shut up you faggot (Jew) dick sucker (Dump), you are knowingly allowing these (Jew) media outlets to exist just like you are allowing the wet backs to invade all the while pretending to care. Fuck off (Dump. 
I wonder why that America-hating commie faggot still keeps the first name "Jackson". 
Let us undo the Liberal Retard actions from the Barack Obama administration. 
Hillary is on the Daily Caller rejecting a call to civility. Feinstein is a fucking traitorous cunt clearly. At what point do you start arresting these fucking traitors? America can do this Far more easily than Australia. 
How embarrassing will this frog eating faggot become? 
And he's a faggot 
Faggot 
Faggot kangaroo bitch 
I will pray for God to cure your mental illness of homosexuality. I suggest you change your profile from "Vegetarian faggot for Jesus". I hope you can resist the temptation to do the vile fudge pack act. 
So you are a faggot and a kike? Lmfao 
Nigger is so full of gay shit no wonder he shits rainbows! Shut up and sit down my nigger! 
Saddest thing is she gave herself over to that damn nigger in the first place. What was she thinking? Was he 12" or something? Money, unlikely. Demeanor of those fuckers is angry to enraged. Maybe she was just totally submissive or a masochist. Damn shame. How sweet she would look w a White guy. 
In Retard Land 
What if someone calls you a Faggot for doing that? Askin' fer a friend, mind ya! 
Fuck you and that stupid cunt Hillary and that coon that goes by the name of Obozo! 
I still want your faggot ass to explain why you instantly start calling us supremacists if we speak out for the white race. Every other race does it openly without fear of persecution. Every other race except us. Why do you do this to us? 
So this faggot is making a block button starting next week. 
Torba can't escape his jewishness it seems. 
The nigger needs dead 
Now actual ass for faggot males is as expensive as a piece of ass for straight males ) 
White sharia was a retarded meme that poisoned the well for any talks about gender relations. 
Didn't see a redneck in the video 
But we're the sneakiest fucks in the world. Just look at our politicians no one would ever suspect they were dangerous and corrupt, rather than simply retarded and ridiculously incompetent. 
Haaaaa yes! The street shitting, nigger loving whore is gone! 
Cunt 
Dumb nigger he shot white kids who were protesting Israel. Get a job you sloppy degenerate. 
Here's a cure for this wetback and all others into child porn, 
If any black person thinks Anywhere is "too white" they're to move their retarded ass to. 
I watched some crime show all about this leprous nigger destroying postville 
Do you live in nigger land where all things grow? Im from the Cold North, its not mutch i can obtain here on a normal spott of land. If i want to grow things i need to get a damn farm acording to law. And its not that easy. The chekels controll to mutch of the normal mans life. You know this so piss off! 
"majority of europeans in human civillizaton have lived under white christian european ethnostates" you retarded fucking muppet. Our existence goes back 10, 000+ years that we know, all but the last 1400 of those years has been under pagan rule. Rome, Carthage, Egypt, Minoa, Greece, Germania, gaul, all pagan white empires and ethnostates 
Calls the of Gender the N-Word. 
Does this mean we can tweet nigger at her, or is that just "her" word? Also, if women are niggers, does that mean they are also kitchen monkeys and frying pan chuckers? Or Soap Opera munchers? Lipstick suckers? Garden hopping bunnies? 
Oh yeah, Polanski butt fucked a 12 year old but that wasn't rape? Stupid ass cunt Goldberg Everyone Hates You! 
The Origin Of The Word Nigger Derives from the word niggardly, old english, look up it's meaning 
Cnn’s House Nigger Bakari Sellers: Based Kanye West Is What Happens When Negroes Don’t Read Candace Owens Offers $100, 000 for Debate (Video) 
How Sexist is that? Cunt Power. 
Gay wetback group coming to No Va will push for higher wages for behind the home depot dumpster bjs 
You have a paki problem, we have a spic problem but we all have a kike problem. Did you see the clip of the Honduran invaders loading up in trucks marked with the Star of David? Cohencidence 
He set her up in a way. She was going to be screwed regardless of what she did. Don't take the test and you're lying about your "Native American ancestry" or take the test and be proved a liar. She was an idiot for claiming Native American ancestry and then crowing about opportunities that opened up for her Because she lied about her heritage. Did she really imagine that Native Americans were going to support some white, liberal, elitist cunt who screwed some actual Native American by appropriating their heritage for her own gain? Yeah, probably not. Especially when one of her actual ancestors was a member of the militia that rounded up the Cherokee Nation from their homes and set them on The Trail of Tears to Oklahoma. Elizabeth Warren is just the latest flavor of libtard stupidity. Yes, regressive liberals. You are All starting to look alike. Bitter, violent, lying, cheating NPCs. You owe the Cherokee Nation an apology, Warren. If you had Any sense of decency at all, you'd apologize for your mistake and fund some promising Native American children with scholarships so they have better educational opportunities. Most of those kids are dirt poor and their schools are shitty. ( Like the inner city schools that you liberal fucktards haven't done squat about for 50 years) I don't expect you to do anything so honorable because that isn't in your Dna either. 
I heard an Antifa faggot threatening to kill himself if Kavanaugh won. Maybe it was Marty he was always spamming Antifa memes! 
Another thing that gets me with these NatSoc nutjobs (aka Right wing Sjw's) is their retard logic. "Oh you're defending the rights of (insert smear word here. You must also be one of them". No Dipshits! By defending the rights of people I disagree with (even the vile ones) I'm defending my rights and also Your rights. 1/2 
Prior to the Welfare State, blacks had higher rates of marriage than whites. Leftists then "helped" them. Now, 74% of black children are illegitimate, 60% of black girls are sexually abused and black boys are more likely to go to prison than get married or go to college. 
I relapsed on drugs this year, I plan on never doing so again, I'm a stubborn fuck, I needed a needle in my arm to realize I wasn't as happy go lucky as I thought. The liberal mindset would be ''You were an oppressed homo, take all the fucking your body up you need'' First time I stopped by myself, first time I had relapsed as an identitarian nationalist. 
I'm an absolute faggot regarding drinking, any distillate makes me gag, I'm like a thot on spring break, to get me drunk you have to hide the alcohol with a ton of sugar, or beer, I love beer, made me support Kavanaugh even more than I thought possible. 
Shitlibs have reached a new low - Stupid goddamn Jew media forgets that people actually are capable of thinking through their headlines and hit pieces. Because What man - outside of a faggot - who is relatively a Chad (as Kavanaugh was in the 80s) did not drink and have sex with girls who were willing/their steady g when they were 17? Pfft. 
Okay. She is a nice stupid cunt but she is still stupid, still a cunt and I don't need your permission to think it or say it. So, um. Fuck off. Thank you. 
I hear you, its just so insane to see them through their lives and culture away, I have a step daughter that thankfully I dont have contact with but shes a nigger lover, one put her in hospital, she miscarried etc yet shes one of those dirty White girls that does blacks. Not welcome in our home! 
Imagine my surprise when this took place in Florida (non-existent), would be almost as surprised if the nigger tried shooting the rifle while holding it gangsta style. 
Snoop Dogg Just Issued Disgusting Threat To All Trump Supporters It’S On Now! [Snoop 'Nigga' Dogg Needs PUBLICItY. What A Cuck. He Sucks Corporate Cock For THe Dolla$$] 
Snoop is a faggot bitch ass pussy 
Once upon a time there was a cunt. The cunt invented a social media platform. At first, all was well. Then it dawned on the cunt that he had created something that gave him power. The cunt abused that power. It became a drug. Then he recruited other cunts to help abuse power even further. Then one day the cunt abused one too many people and the tide turned. 
Anybody ever see the movie Fatal Attraction? This is one fucked up cunt 
This cunt is a spook. 
Jews killed hundreds of millions of goyim in their quest for world domination through movements such as Marxism and Zionism. Mute me spineless faggot 
Hey, cunt - I hope you choke on the shit you spew! 
Hookers acquire these facial muscles from sucking nigger dick 
Figurative. Except Taylor Swift's. I bet her's are still sweet, even if she is a misguided little retarded girl 
Can this cunt be removed from his position? 
Gotta have a nigger in there. The girl looks half chong. 
Of course Kaine whines about "travel ban". He is rented by the Muslim Brotherhood along with Corey Booker and Gilibrand, the crazy cunt from New York. 
Why not just go directly to the "chew on Duracell batteries" part, I'm sure that someone is clinically insane enough to think that would be a good way to get lithium into your system. The worst part of the joke is that someone will take it as fact, I await the first retard to choke to death on batteries cause of lack of critical thinking. 
Just watch out for those nigger looters and rioters. They are more dangerous than the hurricane itself. 
Lying Cunt Bitch! 
Look at this ignorant Nigger can't even spell. Mute Him And Report For Spam. 
And leading the protests are niggers with unmanageable afros or fake ass horse hair. Blacks are poison. Hispanics are poison. Nigger lovers and mudsharks are poison. 
We can ban Ice for drinks and Ice the agency that act like Nazees rounding up Mexican invaders. Huh i meant refugees sorry. Alisyn Camerota Is a retard she needs a social worker not a media platform 
>Liberalist Faggot Sarg'nite confirmed. 
Shut up and bend over cunt 
Drink bleach you kike loving faggot 
Snapshot at a dyke bar? 
Pédémeans faggot in French btw 
One day you fantasise about holidays in Portugal the next you realise you're a smackhead prostitute with a diseased cunt in a pile of shit council flat 
I don't understand why the community likes to add so many fucking letters to their damn name. Isn't that shit long enough already? Like let's get real you either or. Either got a cock or a cunt so until people are walking around with alien parts you got 3 options. 
Put that cunt out of his misery! 
Take Odin's dick out your faggot Pagan ass first! He might get jealous! 
Mentally retarded liberals are brain dead animals. 
Yeah. The water is toxic. Do the opposite of what boomers tell you. Filter your water. Only the most retarded people among us are unable to research the history of drugging water supplies. Ie, boomers. 
Hahahahahahahaha! What A Little Snitch! Crybaby Ass Motherfucking Tattle Tale Bitch Made Faggot Ass Cock Sucking Snitch Bitch! 
Why do you have to talk about faggot stuff all the time? 
Who could give a shit what this nigger in a suite says or thinks. Stop giving the bastard free ink. 
A lot of da white MFs on guns of gab talk good game but under pressure they choke like pussies and guns aint da final shit back when we niggas had our ancient nuwaupian civilization we was using laser guns yea we was exploring da stars when da white devils was still living in caves and they was using clubs 
Nigger where tf you been? I aint seen yo cottonpicking welfare drawin sorry ass in my feed in a minute. Niggers is all momas boiz cuz dey aint got no daddy, shut you dumb ass up pussy nog lul. If a pavement ape aint got a gun they done! 
Hillary and Soros helped to defeat Harper in favor of the retarded asshole, Justin Trudeau. 
You like that shit dont you faggot 
You know what I tell a Nigger when I see him with a white woman? , , , I don't blame you, I wouldn't fuck a nigger either! 
That's total bullshit! The leaders are extremely anti-Xtian! Why else would they bring in millions of Muslims? Also, the Pope is a total faggot pedo that likes to lecture on "Antisemitism" 
We can’t afford health care for white American children because we need to be bombing somebody else’s for the love of Jesus and Israel you religious fággots are insane. Butcher Babies - Jesus Needs More Babies for His War Machine 
You're a kikesucking faggot 
Step on the gas. There's a nigger in the street 
Influencing the election there you go you faggot libtard mouth breathers! Ain’t this what you deceptive cry babies are always whining about? Oh but, the faggot left Never mentions China right? 
Anthony, tsk tsk. Concerning: Influencing the election, there you go you faggot libtard mouth breathers! " Patently misleading - to begin with most gender dysfunctional libtards are polymorphic in nature, you give faggots a bad name, lol 2nd: libtards are hardly mouth breathers; many of them haven't evolved past amphibians - gills are more their style 
Cnn Jews Have A Well Trained Nigger Here 
He was born a double loser. A cocksucker and a nigger. When it comes to hosting he's a lemon 
That's the plan, we need to create more white children. Don't forget the 14 words. However, I don't want to be a nigger and leave the mother. That's not who we are. We protect our nation, family, folk, and our ideas. 
Obama is a cocaine fueled fag & traitor to our country which isn't his country. Back to muzzie land asshole! 
Raised by White people given everything hates white people = Nigger = Primate 
Cuckold Cunt married a cougar probably looking for a foursome & the chance to suck More black cock! 
Superman wasn't just White; he was also a super genius. That generally rules out the nigger playing the part. What, we are supposed to believe a Black could even construct a modern civilization by himself without White help. Have you seen the niggers trying to feed themselves in Zimbabwe. Keep cooking up politically correct schemes Jews for your pet niggers 
Hey, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Fo nazi scum bucket 
Look at the little faggot cry. 
Aww, little nazi scumbucket Lord Humungus thinks he can insult? Must be a big satanic pervert with all his sexual dreams and perversions. Only can a little dick like you pretend to be tough online. Yawn, just another nazi homo pedophile 
Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote: Nazbowl siege man Silverdawn Proud Wasp Vanilla Nilla * A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
Nope. You're a retard and don't know what I'm talking about. 
Riemann was like a retarded baby seal that stuck its tongue out on the Antarctic ice glaciers walls sanz 
The same cunt who in the next breath will whine about gun control. Completely worthless human being. 
Islamist cunt Anjem Choudary to be released next week 
It's all nigger fantasies and Wakanda type Bullshit! Not real. 
Not only do they not say a peep about these niggers but they and their children worship them. They love their sportsball and their nigger "musicians". 
Chinaman kicks black islam ass. 
I would torture that cunt with a blow-torch and a pair of pliers. Satanic bastards 
Qlarp doesn’t do shit except make retarded posts that people Who can’t use the internet jack off to. 
Who cares what a faggot muslim satan worshiper says or thinks. 
Only niggers and nigger lovers still watch the nigger felon league. 
So, it looks like the Scum Bag, faggot liberals are winning again! Good bye American Patriots! Liberalism will destroy our country and all we will do is sit back and let it happen! Peace out. 
Do you realize how fucking retarded you sound? In a war of good vs. Evil you are going to leave victory or defeat up to a vote? So dumb. So so dumb. 
You a fucking pig jew faggot kike jew loving sandnigger kike faggot jew loving idiot 
We will see. Right now I have lost hope that Trump will put teeth in it. It will Have to be by executive order or a faggot judge will block him and he will back down like a pussy. 
Its a sad story. But. She shouldnt have been banging the jigs! Mudshark skank! And my personal philosophy is this once ya go black youre tainted pussy for life! 
Girl takes a thousand Asian dicks, no problem. Girl takes a thousand Latino dicks, no problem. Girl takes a thousand White dicks, no problem. Girl takes One nigger dick, she's fucking worthless. 
Is this you, will broadcast on twat 
Lemon. The faggot maggot with an ego the size of jupiter Avanti. The whore schrew with herpes and syphilis making him a slimecunt Soros. The murderous jew prick who is without a doubt As evil as satan himself The trifecta of sin 
Very intelligent, you dumb ass nigger 
"No one will contest the assertion that rural life is healthier. It might be dull, and lacking culture, but it is the place to be if you want to survive and if you want to avoid the Zog gulag, a fate which seems increasingly possible to me as I view the deteriorating security in Kwa areas, wherein a healthy White man wants to cap every fucking nigger in sight. " 
All cities are, Zog gulag 
Yes, all jew and nigger loving fakes please move over to some queer platform! 
You sound like an ass licking retard. Why don't you just kiss my ass? 
So which banana tree did this Nigger Chimp fall out of. 
I'm surprised that Hebrewood released a movie that makes a nigger look bad. 
If someone does not realize the Truth, this is it. White men Factually have built every proper society, and Jews have always been parasitical cancer. This is a Fact. The Racist Jews have brainwashed people of the opposite of the Truth, just like the Holohoax. Whatever the Jew accuseth, they are guilty. All wars are Jew wars and all genocides have been done by the askeNazi Jews. Nazi Jews father is the devil. People are jealous of white people and the Jew has inverted this! Give me your opinion of this truth. Attacks on the Truth will be met with authority. 
I am not a racist. I am a liberal white male so obviously it is impossbile for me to be racist. All Jews and Democrats are Blatantly Racist and Sexist Pigs! But they are retarded and cannot actually understand what a Fact Is! This is a real problem since they are all programmed monkey brains. The masses do not need FactS to believe anything anymore, so they can be programmed with complete lies like we all started out Black. If we did, then exactly how did we get white then? When a interacial couple produce a kid, the kid is no longer white. They can get blacker, but the white is gone. It is not the other way around. So your theory is the opposite of the truth. But that takes common sense which is not so common. 
Pit bulls are the niggers of dogs 
Butthurt nigger pit bull owner detected 
You can't pass one day without seeing a little white girl bitch in heat hanging on to some nigger! Whites better get control of their renegade bitches or they will be giving birth to little nigger mulattos instead of white babies. 
Lynched nigger Frankenstein decorations all the rage this Halloween. 
Just look at M. Gove - The twat 
Go for it nigger lover. Hell, I would let you borrow my gun if I could watch. 
Planet of the Fucking Nigger Apes. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Southern Ken redneckninbred sister fucking retard is what you are. Bye bye monument. You guys lost the war and you just keep on losing. 
Rt RodStryker Communist liberal got arrested at Mxon RedBud motocross in Buchanan, Mi for trying to steal a patriot's Trump flag. Keep it up "Resistards" You know what happens when you keep poking the Bear. 
Your link isn't working. I found it here, looks to be the same, but the stupid cunt never let go of the flag, not arrested yet. 
"not a militant / activist / degenerate of the dozens" Sure you are. Don't expect everyone here to coddle you just because you're a faggot. Faggot politics have destroyed many nations already. Enjoy the mute button, degenerate. 
How does it feel to be white trash and slandering and threatening an innocent African-American man? You are all neo-Nazi scum. 
Fuck off. Why is it ok to slander a white guy but not some filthy nigger 
Maybe you should fucking kill yourself, you white trash? 
Portland’s Mayor Defends Police Non-Response To Antifa’s Anarchy Anymore non-responses from this retarded mayor will turn Portland into "Mad Max: Fury Road. " 
The left cunt meme- Npc 
Doesn't Nfl stand for "National Faggot League". Ever since they started Hiring Male Cheer Leaders. 
You are a faggot spic and you're not welcome in America 
Muslims Are Afraid Of Dogs, Hate Them In Fact. So We Nee A Million TRAInED Muslim EATInG Dogs. Time For Dogs To Settle The Score With TheIR Sand Nigger Opponents 
Does this twat think he is some one? 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
He doesn't look like a faggot to needs to get his ass kicked, no 
Im off to bed niggas. Love you 
Goodnight Crimson Dick Nigger 
We can thank the retarded Nazis for this its time for them to be challenged. I'm sick of them pissing all over my post with vile childish shit and having to constantly mute them 
Fuck off twat 
"Based wife"? If a wife won't stand by you while a retard is making up stories that have no evidence about rape trains, then you're better off having her leave you. There's nothing "based" about this. 
Is the cunt in the middle still running around on the floor the satanic cunt please please god have it killed and his witch wife to 
No fuxs given. Won't Die on Nigger Hill. Idiot Cucks. 
Beg for help? I simply showing everyone what a thick Marxist twat you are. Do you have a problem with that or something? You only have less than 200 followers so it's a bit hard for you to show everyone yourself. You should be thanking me ) 
Sandnigger's made up the camel jockey fucking abrahamic Bullshit Not White Europeans ok, fucking half ape niggers did, Why The Fuck would you Shame us White Folk with nasty vile desert dwelling sand nigger shit Why? 
Nbc nigger broadcast corporation 
Steroid Rage By A Fucking Faggot! 
My son is het and played football. Fuck off faggot sport bitchboy. 
"tragic misunderstanding" shit like is this why i'm pro Nigger execution squads whatever the judge has planned for these Vermin is too kind considering they get to live fucking niggers should be lynched and burned alongside their sheboon grandma disgusting vermin. 
We were not polite with the British when we wanted their boots off our necks, we shot them. The left wants us dead, they make no bones about. Only a retard would complain about how they are stopped. 
Ooooo shit heres the twat with some sauce on it. 
These cuckstians are losing their shit. This cuckstian virtue signals all day on Twitter like some Sjw faggot demanding the Third World Immigration and refugee invasion of the Usa and Europe. His email: brian. Zahnd@wolc. Com, aaron. Zahnd@wolc. Com 
That white racist faggot Talcum X says black Nigger voters in America are being suppressed because Id is required to vote in most places and Niggers refuse to buy Id over weed. Last I saw the voters in Afghanistan were the ones being blown up and shot while trying to vote. That's actual voter suppression. 
Faggot, does that mean that you are a Nazi? 
Why is he calling you a ball of processed spiced meat and gravy that is what a faggot is some so called centiant algorithms are quiet strange 
There is so much more to this case. Seriously, this guy's story is a catalyst to a lot of crap, and of course they aren't telling us the truth. This isn't the same thing as retard Reality Winner. There is much more that needs to be unraveled. 
You are such a faggot Ainsley nigga. Sc prime! 
MartyGraw deactivated, fellas Milton Friedman (do I even need the triple parentheses) confirmed socialist faggot and B T F O for all eternity You already know what the fuck it is Again, shoutout to my man for making that Milton Friedman Pepe like 2 years ago, what the fuck were we thinking lmbo 
Don't get me wrong I need to signal that I'm right of that faggot but damn that's fucking funny 
Eat dick faggot - stay home with the and - Let the Real Men handle your freedoms for you - fuckin pussy! Lol! Move your weak ass to mexico. 
When did the West have so many faggot men? I feel lied to. The wild west, the civil war, were they fought with a bunch of smirking faggots too? 
Fuck Nigger Bill! He Never Was a Southerner! 
You won't get many followers. You Jewish worshipping cuck. Fuck off back to Twitter 
Fuck off cuck. Actually read the bible, instead of memorizing one or two Jewish propogandised quotes taken out of context. Go and suck Jewish cock. Cunt 
I was just confused on what this mense "All Monicans will be purged and liquidated. Woken servant of the Demiurge. " Could you explain it to me? If not no worries 
It's like a Zen koan, just meditate on it for a bit 
A Zen Koan being a unanswerable question about the universe that members of the Zen sect of Buddhism use to train themselves to be able to let go of the need for answers? Oh shit you got me I am curious though why do you believe in the complete genocide of the Monicans? 
Can't go running to wikipedia or google every time if you want to continue, there's a minimum Iq level for these conversations, you sure you want to keep doing this? 
You sound really tryhard and gay, should probably get that checked out. Go cruise elsewhere. 
That's funny cuz I am gay, bi specifically but you can just call me a faggot 
No one could have possibly seen this plot twist coming 
Lmao 
"you sound really tryhard and gay- should probably get that checked out. Go cruise elsewhere". Yes- another twttr-fagsbk scout has pranced onto gab to grace us with his/her queer presence. "Here's that fag talk we talked about". 
The worst kind of faggots are the ones who say they are "bi" 
- No woman with one shred of dignity and self-respect would ever allow a "bi"-fag's junk into her bedroom. If he hasn't revealed his perversion to her- then he's got to be shot immediately- preferably by her father. 
What a disgusting c*t Goldberg is. Does she not realise that she owes Everything she has to the White people, right down to her spectacles, ungrateful bigoted bitch. 
Back peddling? You said Whoopi wouldn't be where she was without "White people", now you're playing that off with bullshit about black achievement? Goldberg is a nigger Jew, who got where she is with the help of other Jews, including her position oppisite the Jew on the View. White people had dick to do with it. Odd (not really) that you can write about black people and white people, but God forbid someone names the Jew. Stopping being such a fag. 
You really are a retarded fuckwit. I have tried to decipher the absolute Bull shit that you have written, but alas I am none the wiser. To point you towards my original point, Goldberg would be nothing without White people as Blacks invented no Tv or Film cameras, do you understand Dick Head? 
I think I made it imminently fucking clear. White people didn't do shit to put that nigger Jew where she is today. You can thank an overly represented number of Jews for putting Goldberg where she is today. You don't need to go back to the invention of Tv, film, or electricity to explain how a nigger Jew was put in the position of making her absurd Jew minded opinings on the View. White people, my ass. ". But alas. " Holy shit, you are a fag. 
? Or say? What's your song, Jews love nigger dick? Or, I am a race traitor. We can abide her protecting her vaginal rights, but I cannot abide a race mixing nigger lover. Y'all do this every time. Look at the shiny nigger in the corner, but step on women of your own race. Been doing it since 64. 
Fuck that I hate everyone. 
But I'd protect them from a nigger so. 
Right so when I've been out grafting all day and burned about 3000 calories I get told I can only have a government approved pizza with nothing on it because some fat cunt who can't be arsed to move all day is errr. Fat and need their help shedding twenty stone. Thanks, but that's the lard arse' problem not mine so don't involve me. 
Inbred, low Iq third world retard. 
Startling that an inbred, low Iq third world retard shares so much in common with the interbred, inflated Iq retards graduating from American colleges financed by federal money. 
Daily reminder that I hate niggers, jews & moslems but what I hate more than anything else are anti-White, White People. 
Only thing worse than a nigger is a nigger lover 
Fuk That Retarded Looking Zio-Dickhead Let Him Bathe In The Glare Of Common Media 
If I could choose whether to take a big shit or to spend the day with retarded Kanya West. 
Fuckin' muzzie lovin Nazi Pos! You are the problem! 
If you're offended by the word faggot or nigger, you're probably an Sjw. 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
I don't care if he's an axe murderer as long as he expels the cheap foreign labor and builds a wall. 
You’re a retard then. Full on retard too. Walls have Never In The History Of The World Stopped ANYTHInG. Ummm, . Gee to Giant oceans on each side? And cheap foreign labor makes EVERYTHInG You Own Affordable. You wouldn’t have shit if it want for them. But trumpsters are retards- useless pieces of shit. 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles! And I Mean that, congratulations. Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother. Dumbass 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
Try reformatting that sentence, as grammatically it makes no sense at all. This is what happens when you smoke pot and skip school, you end up as trash. Well done, you’re a credit to your tribe. 
Love your race, not nigger fucking Jews like Yiannopoulos 
Bless its heart! 
Did you know Israeli's danced on top of a roof top after the 9/11 terrorist attacks? 
"Oy Vey, you goyim are so dumb. Why don't you be conservative and follow a nigger fucking gay Jew like me? " Hello Jidf. How's the weather in Tel-Aviv? 
Wholesome life lesson from a redneck 
You’re a Nazi socialist retard who didn’t fulfill her God-given duty to have many children and now wants to blame muh Jews for her deriliction of duty. And you are saying nothing new. 
Again the Air Force proves the Grand Retard Contest it's having with the Navy is still on! Want to steal tech, wait for bad weather. And walk on in, take what you want. Not to mention $Billions in wrecked planes, cause a weeks warning was not enough time to get the "active duty" air craft in flight worthy condition. 
I mean if any frigging branch of the Us military could, you know fly extra personnel and parts to a base inside the UsA, maybe. You know to keep the frigging half $Billion dollar stealth fighters from becoming scrap. Working night and day for a week they could have gotten the planes to safety. Air-Tards 
Soros owned paid this guy for 8 yrs. Mohammedan obama was globalist Soros’s nigger slave. How did Mohammedan obama leave office with 20 or is it 30 million dollars. Soros plan of dividing destabilizing America was Mohammedan Obama’s 8 yr agenda. 
Macintosh you're a cunt calling everybody on Gab racists. I bet you're the guy that abused the disabled man. 
Retard Alert 
This stupid liberal whore is a coal burner. This dumb slut got what she deserved. No fucks given. 
All that studying, getting straight A's and she still can't figure out what a nigger is. Maybe in her last moments after getting raped as the rock came crashing down on her skull, maybe she figure it out? 
Skank divides the country. 
Fucking Vile Cunt! 
Why do we whites always have to pose with nigger babies like it's some kind of popularity contest? Have you ever seen African leaders picking up white kids to win voter approval? Nope Never, because they don't give a fuck about white people. We need to return the favor. 
What a funny little nigger 
She is also a practicing Sikh, And Methodist. She uses Nikki and sounds American. But her Real name is some muzzie sounding shit. But a Paki. Her family is interesting to dig on, too. 
Retard alert eceryone! 
File this under Stfu Nigger No more badgering. I had to check my calendar and my location to know that this happened in 2018, Andrews said. Ttps: //www. Foxnews. Com/us/iowa-teacher-accused-of-wearing-blackface-at-halloween-party-naacp-leader-says 
What republican women in ny that commie cunt governor told yall gtfo 
Is Miss Landers a retard? 
Miss Landers is a Dumbass Retard. 
Lets all be clear, Lying Ford has not one shread of proof and I will never believe her. She is lying cunt and needs to get the f$; & outbid this country. I’m fact I want her to be investigated for lying to officials and have the Fbi investigate her 
The pope is a dope and an argentine communist. Fuck the faggot pope 
Well then theres you a walking talking pile of fecal matter. Another faggot blaming others for their problems. Go kill yourself victim. 
Will be interesting to see what happens in Florida election. I originally thought the Puerto-ricans infect the election really forgot about all the little brainwashed retarded munchkins threatening to turn the state upside down. Sadly, Florida May Be Going From Sinkholes To Shithole. 
This man or woman or thing is a disgusting obnoxious racist bitch. 
All Jews and Democrats are filthy despicable Racist Sexist Pigs! But obviously they are so brainwashed Retarded they don't realize what morally degenerate scum they are! 
Kangaroo fucking faggot hippy cunt 
1, 2, 3, 4, =Sand niggers fuck em (All) And 4, is not Aryan at All, A mixed sand nigger with a white is not Aryan they are mutt's And most of all 
Fbi: Ok guys we're about done here but we better check with a dumb ass leftist celebrity cunt before we end our investigation. Hahahahahahaha! 
You and your faggot Cruz can go sucky sucky like you did in '15 you stupid fuck, lol. 
Its not a problem, because 1) He's an African American Nigger 2) He's a Democrat 
Go fuck your retarded mother and stfu. 
I used to be a Yuge Trump supporter, but now I see him as nothing more than a populist pacifier for the White goyim, at best. These kikes knew that White people were reaching a breaking point as a result of the Obama presidency, so the gave us Trump to try and quell our anger. Sure, they used their media outlets and celebrities to smear and bash Trump nonstop, but looking back it all seems like it was just 6, 000, 000D chess at play. They were using reverse psychology on us in order to get the desired results that they wanted. They understood that trust in the liberal mainstream media was already at an all-time low amongst moderates and people on the right, so they went full-on anti-Trump knowing that it would make him more appealing to those who weren't drinking the lefts kool-aid. This is also just another example of the "problem-reaction-solution" paradigm that these sneaky heebs use in order for them to remain in control of us. They used the Obama presidency to swell racial tensions and put the focus on identity politics, which pissed off White people, but now Trump and the milquetoast Maga movement are here to ease things by propping up "Based" black or brown conservatives to fool the gullible White goyim into believing race doesnt matter and their non-white counterparts are more than just outliers. The fake solution to the problem they created is for us to drop identity politics and come together as "Americans" who shouldn't worry about race or identity politics because we all bleed the same red, white and blue as each other, Brother! Meanwhile, Whites are still on course to becoming a minority in our own Country, as the hatred from non-white's towards us grows by the day. The, "I'm not a racist because muh Based brownie", retards are too busy trying to prove to our enemies how non-racist they are, while denouncing identity politics, which is exactly the opposite of what White people should be doing right now. We should be becoming More "racist" and embracing identity politics if we want our race and Nation to survive. What these kikes fear the most are White people banding together and rising up against them. They don't want us believing race matters, or embracing identity politics because it would be game over for them if that were to happen. I'm not gonna wish death on Trump, but I do think we would be better off if he does get impeached or loses in 2020. The burning White rage needs to be stoked sooner, rather than later. If it takes Trump getting Jfk'd to kick things off, then so be it because things are gonna have to get much worse before they have a chance of getting better. 
You are a fucking moron 
That still doesn't take away from the fact you are a fucking faggot of the highest order for all the world to see. Ha ha ha b 
What assholes. Faceplant is a huge cesspool of retarded Bolsheviks. 
You mean nigger burglar 
This doesn't surprise me at all. She fucked up in the very beginning she was driving around with a nig. Living in a nigger country. She was asking for it. 
They aren't remotely funny. The retarded crap my kid watches of idiots making fun of themselves playing video games is funnier, and it's worse than watching paint dry. 
Faggot 
Without immigrants american companies would just automate like everywhere else on the planet retard 
Any of you jack-holes on Gab that are friends with the shooter, please let him know he fucked up things for everyone due to his actions. Tell the retard for me, that I hope someone offs him in prison and saves us from him sitting on death row for his entire life. 
I don't hate women. I hate shitlibs who think having a twat magically makes people virtuous and beyond reproach. If gender really is a construct as they believe then it doesn't make a difference! 
Fun fact: Tradition suggests that being a virgin is virtuous. All I see on the Left that they want us to believe without question are whores and sluts. They have no virtue. 
I won't say one word. I"ll sit back and glare with my hand on my sidearm. I don't give a rats ass about being "hip". 
And besides, I'm old. What else do I have better to do besides shitposting on Gab or watching paint dry? 
It’s a war against Christian White Males. In other words, against those that defy the Islamist traditions. 
Not a bad idea. You just have to explain to about two generations what the heck that means! 
What men in this country need to do is Fight Back! When faced with a rabid communist demoRAT. Don't concern yourself with it having a pussy between their legs. When they hit, you hit back! Strike fast, and strike hard! 
You must have liked prison when you were there. 
Women can be worse than men. I have seen it plenty. After 3 marriages I know that for a fact. The 3rd took Btw lol. Gender has nothing to do with it. It is all in the head. I treat my wife good and her the same to me. After 30 years she still brings me coffee in bed ) just sayin. 
It used to be that having honor and integrity was just as much virtuous as keeping oneself pure until after marriage but now these days they would rather people believe those selling themselves than they would have us belief those with virtuous characteristics. 
Then get lost from Canadian politics, redneck 
Look man, we've met & the pool party we met through would vouch for me or else we probably wouldn't have met, so you can think I'm acting with malice or that I'm "batshit crazy, " but I'm tired of gettin fucked & when you soften your rhetoric as much as you have and is calling the overtly anti-white Gop "the party of White people, " I have major concerns 
"Brett Kavanaugh" Ah, yes, he of the patriot act fame. What did he do immediately after getting the job? Hire more affirmative action nigger than anybody else. Clearly a man sympathetic to Wn causes. 
Sand nigger limo. Don’t give those people your business. I never go into a convenient store owned by them. Never 
If he was some gutter spic or nog he'd be out already. 
Your going hate me but some faggot threatened me so i looked up what they watch dont puke watching it! Waring queer gay as 
Fuck the left 
What a cunt 
Graham still supports amnesty for illegals, all 20 million or so. He is the same old faggot we've always known! 
Taylor Swift is a fuckin cunt 
What is with these Faggots and Cakes? If it was not to rub our noses in their perversions, what else could be the reason to ask for a cake with Political messages? Would a Faggot baker (if there is one) be happy to bake a cake that says: 'Homosexuality is Sin'? Uk Supreme Court, a cesspool of left wing cunts, amazed me today. 
Stupid cunt 
Lol so you shilled for a civnat, and now you want to kill the most populous white nation on earth, kind of get where he's coming from. Stop acting like a faggot 
Ya, cause she’s an honest credible person deserving of leadership. She even fucked huge segment of own party last cycle. Twat 
Yes, but they are satanists just like the Jews are! There are psychopath GOYs obviously which they buy to help implement their globalist bullshit! The brainwashed retarded left are all just Npc's for the fitlhy Racist Jews! Are you going to deny that the Racist Hate groups Adl and Splc exist? 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
A muzzie and a dead guy walk into a bar. 
More people in London voted for brexit than voted this cunt for mayor 
Bill Clinton is not only a rapist. Bill Clinton is a pedophile, adulterer, murderer, fraud, human trafficker "lolita express" "haiti" "africa, con artist, communist, traitor. I know please fill in the blanks. But Brett Kavanaugh is a gang rapist. And felt up an ugly cunt who is an Cia operative. 
Fuck off Labour cunt 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
The retard is astounding. I couldnt even pick on such pathetic beings 
I know there are only 2 genders. That said, how can a newborn decide what gender he/she is? They know zippo about zippo. They will grow to hate their ignorant faggot parents. 
It wasn't racist the bitch is Iranian not a nigger and saying somebody looks like a monkey isn't racist but Obama looks a awful lot like Curious George 
Go be a nigger somewhere else. 
A 'first minister' being afraid of Steve Bannon even while his presence is on a different date than hers. So much for The twat probably got the job for being a woman, not for competence. 
Hell no. But I don't believe you. I've butt fucked too many white gals in my lifetime to know that 'once they've had nigger cock, they can never go back to those pencil thin cracker weiners'. Haha Whose your daddy-tee? Me that's who. You may hate niggers but deep down you love me. Haha 
Go for it. George Soros and his family will be dead within days. Then cunt hiLIARy and her family will be next and then the 0bamas. Fuck with the heavily armed and pissed off Americans and see what happens. Kill the families of the globalist bodyguards and then see who is willing to take a bullet for them. 
It's looking more like a retarded Le 56% Boomer. 
I compare Jews to Niggers, rats, roaches and shit. At least this racist black Nigger is truthful. 
Yeah, the fact that the bomb looks like it was constructed by a retarded 7 year old child that watched to many Wile E Coyote cartoons? 
The only good, faggot loving, Obama voting Fbi traitor is a dead one. Disband the Fucking Bumbling Idiots, take away their retirement, and make them have to get jobs in some shit hole Niggah Democrat controlled county. Fuck the Fbi. 
See! Even the Nigger said so! 
Saudi nigger Arabia should be nuked for 911 
I hope you get nigger aids 
Muudsharking is bad enough. But faggot mudsharking? 
Breaking: Women are the "niggers" of the world What we have here are Liberal elites going after White women trying to turn them against their White husbands White guilt is a joke 
Reminds me of a joke what is the difference between a Pussy and a Cunt? Do you give up A pussy is the Awesome pink and wet part that every straight man like me desire, the Cunt is who owns it! Sorry Ladies not for your eyes! 
The right were too busy memeing and jerking off to a faggot named South Carolina senator who is so pro open borders it is physically painful because he said a few admittedly amazing things. It is fine to make compromises where they push our goals, but there is an upper limit to that. 
But you can't. You're not allowed to shoot a cunt hiLIARy supporter. Doing so will automatically make you a Nazi that is guilty until proven innocent. 
I support the hanging of nigger nancy pelosi 
More of the same Retarded crap they always say, reject these people. 
This is even if they are trying for quality otherwise the rules don't matter and often this means single pixel wide limb styles that you just know some faggot is professing to be a deconstruction of the rigid nature of geometry while in reality he's a nigger. 
" We started work at 15" Maybe some American teenagers would like to work as well and get some work experience? Oh, no, they can't do that because your kind supported and still supports cheap brown labor. Have fun being tortured by a nigger in some derelict nursing home. 
Lol. I got a similar thing, its called growing up in peckham. So whats your point cunt? 
This fat faced cunt has made a laughing stock of the Police in Newtownards. He's the village idiot that some prick called George Hamilton handed a shiny badge. " we don't need no stinkin badges! ". And we don't need this heap of shite that is only fit to fill a hole in a hedge. 
Colin Powell should be tried and shot for his role in 9/11 and the illegal invasion of Iraq. He’s just a Jew tool nigger 
Typical liberal cunt 
Cuckzynski is a muh pr cuck faggot and a ninnying nancy boy. Fuck that skinny fat doofus. 
She Is The Satanic Jews Nigger For Office Nothing More. Msm Pushs Her (Jews) At The Behest Of The Satanic Order Known As "Liberals" Steered By Rothschilds Organized By Soros In The West And The SAUDIs In The EAsT All FInANCIERS And All With The Popes BLESSInG In Rome. 
Face book link. Hmmm. Never stop doing or being what you are if you wanna loook on face book knowing they cant be trusted or googel is why im im on Gab i will look, and be my normal self on line or in real life, no camera is going to make me do anything i wouldnt normaly do thats the only why you can win overload them i take drugs im in internet Insulter so what. I run an insult room. On a program calls paltalk. You welcome to come in and say what ever you like I Will All Ways Be Froom In Soul Body And MInD. Peace. Come To Paltalk. The Room Name Is. Room owners cori shes a cunt cunty shes a cunt too me im just a wanker Bollocks is my name and stuey the bals northern wanker but i love him. Hes as gay as me just wont say so, , , , seee you in the room 
If you actually call it "indigenous people's day" you're retarded 
Trump has failed since he took office. He has been weak and pathetic. And to prove it, his wife sums it up, when she go's to africa and literally virtue signals regarding a little negro child. And Trump does the same pathetic, bastardized shit, as well. He makes sure to find as many negros and beaners to pose in pictures with him. He's a textbook cuckold boomer. He's pathetic as possible. He ignores his White voter base, which is the only thing that matters. He shits on them and demoralizes them, while making sure to spend most of his time doing the bidding of jews and obsessing over: 'lowest african american and hispanic american unemployment in decades'. He's completely fucking useless. I don't even believe he's trying. He doesn't give a shit about reducing legal immigration. And he's consistently softend his tone on the illegal beaner invasion. He hasn't accomplished much on legal or illegal immigration. And you can see this, considering there isn't even a wall. He could have put up a double fence, like in Hungary. And it would stop 99% of the non white and primarily beaner invasion, just like how effective it works in hungary. But he didn't even put up a single fence, spanning the border. Trumps only purpose is that he's there instead of the 200% cucked republican traitors, or the 300% cucked democrat traitors. His purpose is just as pathetic as possible. 
Your a retarded fucking ass hole. Grow the fuck up 
I would probly like superhero movies if they didn’t have so many niggers, i mean obviously no niggers is the optimal amount of niggers but if there’s a few niggers in the background or something it usually makes me really mad but ill still watch it if its good, like The Dark Knight 
If (they) cast the next James Bond as a nigger I ain't watching it. Ever. Bond ain't no nigger. 
How are we going to move forward if they are holding us back with their nigger Jew religious mind control ways, can we just let them go live with niggers on nigger island and watch them devolve into subhumans, I do hate killing are own people but we may have to when they make war back stab and try to kill us. 
You're afraid of "christ cucks" backstabbing you? For niggers that we'd be fighting together? Or Jews we'd be pushing out of our countries? I'm trying to get the Christian community to be more J-woke to support us but if you're just going to backstab us after, why would we? We need to work together on this 
See what a mess the Jew created we can't even come to the whole truth of thier wicked deeds and how they control us without fighting amongst ourselves. 
You ain't worth it faggot genxer 
2) No, my guess is they are installing network taps for increased throughput on their surveillance. Thank Obama the scum traitor muzzie piece of shit for this. He gave away as much of America as he could, the internet is most definitely an American invention/system. 
That retarded asshole Justin Trudeau will welcome them with open arms and give each one of them a free hotel room and $50, 000 cash. Really, I’m not kidding. 
Pay Attention you dumb twat, You Don'T Speak For Women, Republican Or Independent You Dingbat! Ya wanna know what women are Mad at you tart? We're Mad that bitches like you think you have some Right to speak for us, what we think, how we feel! We are Mad that you think We Hate Potus or believe he doesn't care about us. We are Mad That Scumbag Cunts like you think it's ok for blacks to sit on Don Lemonheads show & call Kanye an uneducated negro? While Lemonhead laughed! We're mad that you believe just like in 16 that women vote based on their pussies, maybe you do you brain dead twat but we don't! We're gonna vote based on Issues Like Due Process, Taxes, Civil RightS, Economy, America First, BOrDER Control, Ice, ELECTOrAL College, The Constitution Here's another Fyi You Skank, you & your leftist buddies can Stop using "Oh but Trump incites violence by his aggressive talk at his ralliesI'll pay for your legal fees etc" Make sure you listen up you tart, Paid AGItATOrS were Paid to go to his rallies & start physical altercations with Trump supporters It Is WeLL Documented. Another Fyi sweet cheeks it is Legal to defend yourself or a third party from Harm, it is ILLegal to Physically Attack Someone ya dirty bitch! 
You should quit deleting your posts before I respond to them. You're the retard around here. 
2 billion Christians in Europe? Lol Lol You silly ignoramus, there are 2, 1 billion christians worldwide, and majority of them are non Whites. But hey mestizos from Mexico and niggers from Africa are your brethren, we know. Your jew god told you so. 
Your right cause it's going to be fucking Mock Mood muslim cause the weak ass Christian's are giving it up 
You stupid cunt all those christian soldiets who gave their lives so shit like you could disrespect them. Hang your head you two bob slag 
Heard about this on the latest TeDiouS, and it's triggering Af Yeah, the yenta voiced cartoon and the jewish faggot Mr. Rogers in a manbun don't even come close to the reason for the rustling. No, no Electoral College, no compromise is what they want. Just watch & try not to get rustled 
Educated niggers with 90 Iqs are the dumbest niggers cuz they think they’re super smart (compared to the 80 Iq niggers who cant even read) 
I wouldn't have a nigger slave. 
Good morning Group! Welcome newer members. Fox is giving a platform to a muzzie running in California. Hear me out: An Afghan couple come to America as legitimate refugees. They have a son here his name is Omar Qudrant and he is running for office. Ok except, he is a muslim. Muzzies cannot hold office because the Koran and the Constitution are diametrically in opposition. Now some may say, well they are here legally and he was born here and his "religion" should not be held against him. I say no, it is not a religion and Islam started infiltrating the west in the 50's. My opinion but seems like all 5th column stuff to me. This man should Not be elected. Period. 
Your stupid Communist Cunt who wants "Free Everything". 
Let that spic try that shit with me and I'll bury him. 
Even if that muzzie was a journalist I wouldn't care, but he wasn't. "Journalist" was his cover. 
It only took one illiterate paedophile murdering rapist to wipe out 34 000 years of humanity naturally avoiding inbreeding in order to advance as a species. Now we are facing an invasion of inbred, low Iq violent savages. All symptoms of marrying your own family, Incest. 
I have been saying this for years, and I will continue to say until the day I die. Hundreds of studies confirm this fact. Every race of people have a different brain structure. Not all brains are built the same. These inbred sons of bitches can't think the same you do. It is impossible for them to think the way you do because their brain is made different from yours. You are never going to change these people, they can't change. They are built the way they are. Inbred retarded brain damaged people. 
Does anyone have any recommendations for good quality animation? I'm really into cowboy bebop, gurren lagann, attack on titan etc. 
No nigger, fuck you. Superjail has excellent animation in terms of creative transitions in the psychedelic death sequences. Twilight of the Cockroaches was great for its era. 
Yep, you won't believe the shite that will qualify in 5 years time. Some cunt will be operating on your heart with a degree in goat fucking. 
Obamination appearing at the most nigger infested school in Milwaukee on Friday. 
It's public property like a Communist state. It's a public ledger. If entire China had an electricity break, Bitcoin would crash. How is that not owning something? 74% the electricity is provided by the Peoples republic of chine. How is that not owning? You are nigger of the Chinese. 
@a you chose them, faggot 
Ugly ginger nigger thing 
Masked antifa gets unmasked. Tattoos will help pinpoint this faggot. 
Looks like one of those portland antifa Sharps, same group with that faggot that got KOed not so long ago 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Soros is a Nazi. He has even publicly stated he was proud of the work he did with the Nazi's 
And the point is? 
And the point is? Jews have brown pets they hate whites 
Oh no. They are African. They have the same skin tone Indians are what happens when you run out of cream. Kind of like the black Irish forced to fuck niggers. 
No race to identify with? Depression sets in. Mixed-Race Teens Prone to Depression 
Incorrect. The term "Black Irish" originates from Irish walnut farmers from the north western areas of Ireland. Their hands were often so stained from the walnut husks after harvest that their hands were stained black. 
The Irish were bred with the blacks in America and in the slave trade 
And my coworkers were shocked when I said, Irish potato nigger today. 
Spud nigger shamrock nigger leprechaun nigger green nigger white nigger the list is long 
Vile Cunt Hillary now advocates Violence! Talking of A Poor Loser! The Fuck Hillary is a Danger to All of America! Never has accepted Defeat! 
Sounds like another Jew faggot David Brock, erstwhile bf of pizzag8's James Alefantis 
Blacks have the highest crime rates and rape stats. This isn't Twitter. We can say Nigger here. You mad? Come on, this is Gab we all hate the (Globalist) Left that shuts us down everywhere else. Sure this bitch deserves prison, but it's highly likely this guy will commit a crime of his own after being in jail that long. 
Lmao remember when that nigger went from looking like that in the photo to crying, looking like a pathetic coon being arrested within 24 hours of the photo being taken? Rofl, these niggers aren't as tough as they seem. They won't even fairly fight whites. There always have to be four or five niggers ganging up on one guy. 
Lol. This faggot is gonna be extremely entertaining til he gets Bullycided off of here 
No, we know their tactics. You also knew they were coming. They have come in droves. That’s ok, we hillbilly Deplorables got this. 
Brainwashed retard with absolutely no intelligence! Completely programmed robot! 
Yeah cuz ur a faggot n that’s the 1st thing that pops into a faggot’s head. Faggot shit 
Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis. I know you're listening. There are 15, 000, 000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Lol sand nigger lover 
Freedom of speech includes religion, yet here we have a meme promoting the oppression of speech/expression while claiming to be a production of freedom of speech. Retard level: maximum. 
Fuck off. Freedom of speech does not allow one to threaten another's life, to slander another's reputation, or seek the destruction of another's culture. Islam does all of these. While I am suspect of the Chinese reasons for doing so, banning Islam will always be a net positive. 
No, You fuck off, you anti-liberty, anti-American sack of dogshit. And don't you put words in my mouth either, cock-sucker. Islam has problems, but most people are Not acting on it. 
Ah, a libertardian, I see. That explains a lot. Islam is anti-American principles, not the opposition to it you ass-backwards dummy. 
Get the fuck outta here. Fake and gay. Op is just as retarded as the stupid fake boomer. Who let you people into the club? I want names! 
Fuck you cunt Liza. 
Oh bullshit, didn't you accuse them of running some botnet terrorist attack against you because "Torba" you retarded LARPing e-celeb? Like 3 months ago? Quite funny how a narrative can change after being easily debunked. Cc: 
Give the Queen Bee a break, he was just trying to wash the taste of Muzzie ass out of his mouth. 
I can't think of a single Nigger that deserves to live in America 
Fuck that nigger 
Barry Santoros/Obama. Is nothing more then the coked up nigger that has sex with shemales. Michael, I mean Michelle. 
I do enjoy trolling these libtards. Using my wife's Twitter account, because I'm perma banned for calling Jack Dorsey a fairy gay faggot in addition to calling Twitter out on their support of pedophilia. 
He might come off as snobbishy faggy but make mistake that man is cold blooded nigger killer. He calls it "wildlife management". 
7/ Ppl always like to use the "first they came for. " quote amazingly, to Defend white supremacists, who were the ones who the quote is referencing as coming for everyone. That's how mentally retarded Gab is. How about "the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men should do nothing"? 
Lol, now this homo claims that even just having a section of Gab for white supremacists is "censorship. " He's literally that retarded. It's like he just uses random words that he doesn't know the meaning of, probably bc his parents found that entertaining. 
Fuck the cunt Swift! 
Just a reminder 
Just saying, that picture at the top isn't ambassador Stevens. Not making any claims about the rest of the meme, but that's not where that picture comes from The image can be found on many websites prior to Ambassador Stevens death in 2012. For example, from 2009, 
Just saying, that picture at the top isn't ambassador Stevens. Not making any claims about the rest of the meme, but that's not where that picture comes from This statement sounds like a defense? The one where I said I'm making no claims about the rest of the meme, just that the image isn't stevens? Ok dude. Anyway, for anyone who cares, that picture of that man being tortured existed for years prior to Ambassador Stevens death in 2012. For example, this post from 2009: An image can't exist before it is taken so clearly this image isn't of Stevens. Here's a larger list of search results you can look through, you'll find other posts dating before 2012 if you look hard enough. Regardless it's not him, just a image associated with torture. 
You stop bothering me you whiney Pos. Muzzie sympathizer. Mute me bitch. Stop replying with that whine I can actually hear. You tried to fuck with someone and it backfired. No harm, no foul. 
Whats that sound 
If this is someone you follow, you should know she activly lies to her audience, and then will disparage anyone that proves she is a liar. You don't need to follow such pathetic losers. Do you? 
Awe Hell, you muzzie Pos. Wah wah, you got called on your Bs 
You got called on your bullshit lies about Ambassador Stevens. I so far haven't been proven wrong. Nor have you posted any evidence that I "defend muslims. " Keep the train wreck coming, this is hilarious. 
You defended muzzies you idiot, now I'm tired of conversing with a hand ass wiping, goat fucking Pos! Read this goathumper. I'm gonna mute cause you stink up the room 
Please show the post where I defended muslims (you wont because you are a sociopathic liar) I'll wait (forever) 
Look at that, another woman making an unfounded accusation. Yet another reason why not all women should be trusted to tell the truth. Still waiting on you to quote where I defended Muslims. 
These trolls are everywhere now, Frog Cleric. 
The only differences between kosher and halal are. #1. In kosher slaughter, the rabbi must fellatiate all the male animals, this has a calming affect. For the rabbi. #2. In halal slaughter, the imam must lick the anus of the animal, this makes the imam slightly more agitated. 
Turkish twat begs Corporations to Hire Refugees: U. S. Needs ‘Humanity First’ Immigration Policy 
I'm willing to bet this feminist yet macho af attitude of Jew Wise helps him bed all kinds of sluts who think Jews are mysteriously exotic, yet still within the "white" range. 
Pretty sure he's married to a nigger, trying to confirm rn, the worthless faggot tries so hard to curate his online presence and repeatedly edits his wikipedia entry to hide the fact that he's a jew 
Seems these are retarded animals from hell. 
The from Nbc just keeps coming. Their pro-murder phony journalist Robin Marty - we know she's a phony b/c she did zero fact checking - is an evil, soulless cunt who doesn't consider 100+ murders the most prolific serial killing in history. 
Donna brazile is a cunt 
Nigger 
Longest reigning British monarch being represented by a nigger ho wearing beach dress with a slit up to her knickers How utterly disgusting Comic note - MegNog 'cradling' her non existing baby bump Even for really pregnant woman, touching belly is a very undignified and low class gesture, akin to breastfeeding mother touching her breast 
A nigger exhibitionist pervert. Probably hiding something tiny, that's why they use those fake big ones. 
Has just been Muted & Reported for spamming tranny porn If you cock suckers ever get around to tagging me with great looking naked Actual Women - "Not" men with Tits I won't report you but I might still Mute you Only Faggots Like Faggots And you Are A Faggot 
Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
Theyre so retarded that we live in a 360 degree jew hell. They are smart but it isnt just smarts. Its combined with an unadvertised set of ethics diametrically opposed to those they live amongst 
Their are a few that are very smart obviously, the vast majority are command and control robots. They are programmed to control gentiles and I have seen it in action. By using the holohoax as a guilt mechanism, their software is very controlling. The controllers know the holohoax is desparately needed to keep the control and that is why they defend it to the death! Once someone realizes it is complete bullshit, then their control is done! But I guarantee you that the typical fake Jew is dumber than shit! 
The only people ignorant are the Retards like you who do not look at Facts! Racist subversive lying Jews did 911, slavery in America and are pieces of shit when you look at Facts! But you are probably too Ignorant to actually look at them aren't you? Whatever a Jew accuses someone of they are guilty! 
I am a liberal but I sure as hell am not a Racist Retarded Democrat! Jews are Racist human sewage! Jews are the scum of the world and you are brainwashed retarded! 
(Soros) covers them. But now, some retard voted Npc, ruining the nice consensus we had going. 
Yeah, She Was Enjoying All The Attention=Complete Bullshit! She'S A Goddamn Liar And Evil Jewish Cunt 
Kuntzman=fucking kike faggot 
That dumb twat gone, gone, gone, Kav confirmed, Bolsonaro about to win big and start genociding muds, and women now officially declared chattel property whew lads, what a good weekend 
No one of importance, some useless account that was going for a Manic Pixie Dream Girl vibe, very annoying to interact with, went by if Irc 
9/ Meanwhile, the white supremacists on Gab are doing the mirror image of what Antifa is doing on the left. And everyone Gab is like "fuck those Antifa! " and then sympathetically going to the white supremacists and going "we're on you're side. " They're laughing their asses off at you, but also being glad that you're retarded enough to be part of their group. 
As in twitter? Guy was a faggot from day 1. Not even liking kemono friends could change my opinion of him. All gamergaters are cancer. 
I mentioned earlier, the faggot ended up blocking me just for being friends with Ralph. 
Wasn't it something like 1. 2 billion this cunt spent? 
I think so. Without a doubt. 
The letter sent to Trump Barry contained no white powder, Nbc News reported, but the threat was similar to one sent to Eric Trump, a source familiar with the investigation said. 
Fuck off faggot 
Taylor swift is only getting into politics cause she cant stand the "stupid nigger kanye", she has to do everything to exert her white power and privilege as a white privileged female, the highest of sjw classes, i hope kanye finally serves that bitch some humble pie, when the candidate she endorsed loses to the trump army 
Brain dead cunt she is! Wouldn't fuck her with your dick 
When the war starts here don't think you should engage strangers. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
No the Usa is a product of Cultural Marxism the nigger is part of common plight, not the cause. Stupid Proles. Communism not the house Nigger is to Blame. 
Tell that nigger to move, better still, drag him to the border and throw him over. 
If Chelsea is truly with moslems, she should cut her own clit off. 
Aww. You poor fairy gay faggot libtard. Gunny has a special message for your triggered soul. 
No, it's actually because most boomers like you are functionally retarded from polypharmacy and years of unmoderated drinking, stick to two-syllable words or less and you won't embarrass yourself pops 
Nigga, I was a grammar nazi long before I was a neon nazi. 
That ol horsefaced cunt dont have a closet she has a fucking cemetery! 
His perogative. You were probably being a dick. Go suck a sand nigger cock 
Fuck willie brown's whore and double fuck ovomit, mohammed, the koran and every muzzie 
That's you In the real world, even old southern white racists thought that was in poor state. This was no radical nigger church either. They invited Dylan in, prayed for him, said things like "God bless you my chile", and then he shot them all. He even admitted they were nice people. A mentally deranged kid raised by a single mother. I don't honor him. 
This fucking black faggot piece of shit called himself Spartacus. Spartacus was a heroic Greek Gladiator If this black crap is what passes for a Greek Gladiator these days. Then this other black piece of shit must be what passes for a Valentino lover. 
Dont engage with the soppy cunt hes as thick as shit 
Fuck you nigger Move to apefrica where you belong 
Let the Rape / Beheading / Goat Fucking / Clit Cutting / Man over Woman celebration Begin. England, you idiots. Now spread your legs wide. Here comes your Muzzie Love. 
We all know that only the child rapists hate trump cause he's locking you sickos up, when is your sentencing for raping a kid? Filthy nigger that you are. 
The most retarded thing to say. Don’t vote? Wtf? We live in a vacuum? Hand over power to the Democrats? Get the fuck out of here. 
Cats can't talk bud, were you institutionalized with Wictor or are you actually a retard 
I thought American had the deaths penalty by in all of America did they get ride of it like Uk did so like of globalist cunt and it followers don't get the death penalty 
DeviantArt is scary in itself. An entire world of perverted, psychopathic, demonic P's O S. And that just the mods. The user population is Full of pedos, faggot furries, SJWs and the toxic sludge from the bottom of California's sewer system. 
Never forget what was taken from us. 
Taken? Did the government come & treat you as a subhuman? Force you to be worked like an animal? Did the police allow your men to be lynched to death? Did the military enforce laws to keep your family subjugated for generation after generation? Were your communities decimated by selectively enforced laws, rounding up all the men to be used as prison labor? 
So is thinking niggers sweep white women off their feet. White women date niggers because of white guilt and low self esteem. Enjoy it while you can. We understand why you would choose a white woman over a bottom of the barrel nigger bitch. White women are prized possessions. Niggers just produce trash 
Sad 
"sad" is a joke. 
Tsk tsk. No hate, just facts blacks murder white women at an alarming rate I can't imagine such a vile existence being so filled with race hate and race envy while pretending to be perpetual victims all the time I hope niggers work it out soon. It must be exhausting to be a nigger, a victim, race jealous/envious, violent and low Iq all wrapped up into one 
God knows. God knows. 
Do you know God? 
Why, yes. I do. And he is upset with niggers 
I’m pretty sure the sinful hearts of every man grieves the Lord, yet he loved us enough to sacrifice his own heart, his own beloved, so that we would not perish in the filth of our own sins. He commands that we love our neighbor as ourselves. 
Time for a flood. 
Niggers 
NiGGerS. 
Find attention elsewhere faggot 
Her tranny snatch is full of nigger cum. 
Lies being spewed from a Jew, trying to trick people out of the truth, about one of history's greatest Men. What a surprise. 
You are a spic whore. 
He is one of them lol Fat cunt is a cheeseburger away from a massive heart attack lol Michael Moore cheers ‘last days’ of old white men: ‘The dying dinosaur’ 
What kind of faggot are you? 
The standards for politeness were clearly set by a pussy faggot cunt 
Give Obama a fun, it’s quicker. Plus you guys are fucking retarded if you believe that in the first place. 
Here we see an Orthodox Jew on an aeroplane, having to endure the awful and tedious task of travelling with lowly Goyim. Fortunately, he is smarter than us, and has protected himself in a magic bubble of chosen purity. Find out more. 
The bagel nigger bagged itself to keep from catching monkey pox. Maybe if they hadn't opened the flood gates. 
Republished 2 October 2018 due to dumb Goyim's short attention span 22 Sept 2018, John Paterson Phone Call Ofcom Press Office Bbc Trust must be scrapped after Savile scandal, says new report The Bbc should not be allowed to police itself after the Jimmy Savile scandal, says a damning new report. Lord Burns appointed Ofcom Chairman. Sharon White, Ofcom Chief Executive, said: Lord Burns brings with him a wealth of experience and I am looking forward to working together as we deliver on Ofcom’s priorities. I am incredibly grateful to Dame Patricia Hodgson, who has provided expert stewardship to Ofcom as Chairman and Deputy Chairman over the past six years. Colleagues across Ofcom thank her for the contribution she’s made. 
Sodomite Cardinal Wuerl Given Promotion: Now Likely Number Three Most Powerful Faggot in Antichurch | Barnhardt 
Been sayin' this all along bro. He just shuffles his homos around into better positions. 
It is seriously hard to get over what a retard you are. I mean, I guess this is what happens when your mother raises you on a steady diet of Lead and Soy. The sad part is that every day you live you disgrace the uniform you once wore and spit on the soldiers who wore it before you. That is all you are faggot, a pure disgrace. 
You are just as pathetic you retarded sperg. 
Throat-punch that faggot DeNigger 
Convenient. Pipe Bombs and Jew shooting. When All the internals had Red beating Blue against all odds, again. And picking up seats. 2 week window. Right on time. No time sooner, no time later. It's retarded alright. 
What a rotten Pos! Illegal alien? Gtfo! Someone needs to cunt punt that worthless Pos all the way back home. 
Hey tech companies. Make this nigger white! 
Get rekt faggot 
This nigger needs to die 
Are you a filthy Jew or a stupid Nigger Your numbers are opposite 
She's not a Mainer! We wouldn't vote for a nigger. 
Fuck you, I know we won't elect a a nigger senator so go hump your goat. 
Floriduh is white trash whigger heaven. 
The Youtube Clip Is About The Dyke Killary Winning Presidency. Putting Lynch In Rbgs Sc Seat. And The Tarmac MEETInG Might Have Been About THIs. At 85 Rbg Has Senility SETTInG In. Forgetful. FALLInG Asleep. Easily Confused At Times. I D O Agree THAt Rbg Needs To Retire Or Be Impeached FOr Her Impaired Mental STAtUS Thankyou Qanon 
Politifact, snopes, and pretty much everything on the internet is a Lie! Unfortunately it works for Retarded lefties as they cannot tell fact from fiction! Democrats are human sewage with absolutely No Intelligence! 
Says who, you fucking idiot? Israel doesn't drop sarin barrel bombs on christians like assad does, you worthless putin trolling turd. 
That's why cunt the only growing christian population in the entire region is in Israel. You're not intelligent - but at least that much you know. 
Lick my cunt Now! 
Fuckin nigger Loser. 
Faggot 
Kangaroo fuckin' faggot 
- homo's claiming here to have "refrained from punching the vicar's teeth out"- that vicar really dodged a bullet there- should be thanking his lucky stars. Co-incidentally- just the other day, a faggot prancing down the street refrained from slapping me silly. 
And the award for the biggest Twat yet goes to This judge. Ffs what planet is that pillock on. What she did was Illegal on many levels and she should have been Jailed. You're all screwed in the Uk! 
Kissing ass and catering to 3rd world riff raff. Seems to be the norm, everywhere! 
I saw one of those hooded freaks today walking on the pavement, it was a Somalian, was really tempted to mount the pavement and mow her down but then I realized I'd be no different to them. 
These "humans" come from countries where forgeries are the Norm. They forge everything right down to Doctor's degrees. Then they come here and say what Idiots we are, because we're so easily suckered by Fake drivers license fake passports, fake engineering degrees fake Lawyers Passionate Eye News 
Might be part of a predictive programming suite. Or a retarded copywriter 
You're cool with your leader going not the show of man who kidnapped a retarded girl to impregnate her? 
Abortion keeps the nigger population under control. 
Considering my 2nd cousin an her cunt friends use false accusations as weapons like it's "pleasurable", I'm sure this system won't at be abused. An since the Rcmp got caught with their bullying ($1. 1Billion) I'm sure plenty of falsely accused men will go "quietly" into social death. 
Ever see a nigger do Looksatme buygrocery while it's in a store its hilarious. Yeah uhuh, yeah, sumadat, uhh, sumahdem, nah shheeeiiittt muh fug, Looksatme dragmuhfeet pullmuhcoatomuhhayid 
Reap what you sow you mudshark whore. Good riddance, once less nigger baby maker and one less Democratic voter. 
Oh who cares whether it's a democrat retard or a republican retard, or a russian, or a martian. Whoever has the Iq of a turtle and the morals of a wet fart. People get hurt doing this shit, excited Le sometimes make the wrong calls, juries get shit wrong, and easily confused people get led astray. This should be punished with the highest publicity and the lowest tolerance. It's molesting an entire people, their total system of representation, and to call it terrorism is not strong enough. The fact that it's bombtard joke 101 does not affect the severity of the crime. Letting the ones who started testing the line tackling congressmen, and antifa or libtards yelling people out of public places scott free are responsible for this as well, and i'd see them all in jail right from day one. This is what leniency to anarchy creates. I'd see the perpetrators shot in public after a fair trial myself. I wouldn't care if it was joe biden, auntie maxine or newt gingrich behind it. Id slam the whole lot from the head to the hands in prison for 50years or shoot them in a blink and sleep like a baby. The only compassion i'd have if it were a minor, or truly mentally diminished capacity i'd hold then for 20 years minimum, and see how retarded you have to be to understand shit like that is a nono. If you can sign a welfare check or take an oath of office, or work for the gov't, walk and chew gum, attend college, get laid, phhhffft, whatever see you never. 
Sotomayor is a fat spic that probably has diabetes. Breyer and ginsburg are both old as fuck and will probably have strokes soon. I predict by 2020 they all die and we have ted cruz, trey goudy, and alex jones on the supreme court. 
Jews are scum too. 
Fuck off kikesucker faggot 
Faggot 
And how about all your stealing of tax payers money fucking cunt feinstein 
Nigger loving closeted faggot, f’in gross 
Filthy fucking cunt Ford is to humanity what syphilis is to romantic love. 
These Msm faggots be the nutless type faggots tho u feel me? The Glow In The Dark Faggot M F C I A Agent Type FaggotS Tho Ya Feel Me? The MocKing birds indeed. Here's Z-bigs darling to tell us what way the winds blowing: 
Why is this stupid old loser cunt talking like it means anything at all? Unelected Pos 
Message to Civic Nationalist Fags: Token minorities are not going to save Western Civilisation. 
Blacks are 13%. Latinos are 13%-15%. I'm stating that we have a cuck & retard problem to boot. Screaming about 'the blacks' will not bring anyone to your point of view. Or will it? I'm not preaching civic nationalism as any sort of answer. 
Had to re-login 6 fucking times today because I'm getting logged out of Gab, hey Jews, stop doing your shitty Jewy stuff, it's pissing me off. 
If i respond to a post it says "unable to post comment" then I click post again and it goes through, there is some dirty cunt manipulation going on by those faggots in Silicon Valley for fucking sure mate. 
He sure doesn't need a weak cunt like you 
How wonderful, they get to fully experience the "loveliness" that is diversity. Just hope they don't have such a severe case of Stockholm Syndrome that they blame themselves, instead of seeing the gimmegrants for what they really are (a bunch of inbred, freeloading retarded fucks. 
Dorsey, twatter's founder is a twat 
Nigger promoting miscegenation 
Contraceptives? Who said anything about that? Baby killing don't count you demented cunt as contraceptives. 
Bill clinton took an ill advised break from diddling interns to try to talk shit to the then chinese premier about open immigration and human rights. The premier looked at him like the fool he was and said without missing a beat, "how many tens of millions do you want to take? ". " clinton at his best a fucking retard 
Politico is trash, but read deeper into the article in how the institutional Gop still wants to go back to the virtue signal model, even as Trump has succeeded where they never have, because they refuse to even contemplate the idea of acting to prevent America from being made into the diverse dream of Democrat's imagining. They'd gladly trade away our whole country for a seat at that table. It's shameful how they think, all to avoid being called a mean name. 
8. "Issac" tells his enemies, "She is also far more conservative than Trump. " Like that's a good thing? As usual, he never explains how. Or what he means by "conservative". 
9. "Issac" tells his enemies, "The [Republican] party knows that in order to avoid becoming a regional party a couple of decades from now, it must make a choice: Either keep trying to subvert the democratic process by implementing voter-Id and other laws designed to curtail the Democratic votewhich will be harder to do once Democrats begin retaking power in Washington and numerous state capitals during the midterm elections, not to mention as the American electorate continues to changeor make itself seem more inviting to minority voters. " Translation: Either hold back the or pander to it. The Republican Party in Hawaii is already a regional party; it's only viable in white pockets. Its nonwhite candidates have generally not been embraced by the nonwhite majority. 
10. "Issac" tells us what goodthinkers believe. Copy and paste in your brains, NPCs. "Those paying close attention know Trump is more Jesse Ventura than Ronald Reagana shock to the system, not a transformative figureand that his brand of racist, white nationalistic, angry politics has a short shelf life. " Unlike the eternal life of antiwhite globalist smiley-face politics. 
11. "Issac" reveals how deferential RepubliKKKan racistsexisthomophobicislamophobicnazis are to the darkness: "South Carolina officials told me the reason no top Republicans dared challenge Tim Scott in his run for U. S. Senate in 2014after Haley had appointed him to the seat in 2012was because it would have 'been unseemly' to have challenged a popular Republican vying to become the first black man elected to the Senate from the Deep South since Reconstruction. I got the same message from several of my white conservative readers, who in one breath said identity politics was awful but in the next emphasized how proud they were to vote for a conservative black man. Though they loudly protested and claimed otherwise, they were desperate to get out from under the cloud and charges of racism that has dogged Republicans in the South for decades, and voting for Scott was one way they believed they could do this. " Lol, they will never escape the charges. Racism is their original sin. The New Religion says so. And even if they still go to church on Sunday, they spend all their free time at the altar of the mind control screen, eyes glazed at Hollyweird's pozzed sermons. Just like the libruls they hate so much. 
12. "Issac" and I can agree on one thing: the hypocrisy of the elephant cult. "Concern with party diversity was one of the reasons the all-male Gop caucus in the Senate Judiciary Committee hired a woman to question Christine Blasey Ford during Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh’s contentious confirmation hearing, and why some Republicans are now touting that Kavanaugh, who was credibly accused of sexual assault, has the first all-female clerk team in the court’s history, including a black woman. And the top conservative political pundits and analysts, who have spent years complaining about so-called identity politics on the left, had no problem with any of this. " Republicans R Real Democrats 
13. I can also agree with "Issac" that the rise of Randhawa "didn’t come by accident. " It is the conscious product of color-obsessed goodwhites who need a brown prop to feel superior to the badwhites, Untermenschen inexplicably drawn to the. "she was able to hold fast to her principles" What principles? Israel First? Does she really care about Israel, or is she merely rewarded for supporting it? 
14. I'll let handle this hot take from "Issac": "You want tough, one of Trump’s supposed strengths? Haley was hit with ugly negative headlines about sexual rumors when she was trying to become governor, and even while she was a member of the Trump administration, and successfully fought them off. " 
15. Is "Issac" crying? Literally shaking with teh feelz for his heroine? "It’s hard to express just how difficult it was for a young Asian-American woman to do what she did in one of the reddest states in the heart of the Old South" I just lurve the meaningless term "Asian-American". Makes Nimrata sound like Sarah Jeong's sister. 
16. Lol: According to "Issac", Nimrata "can easily argue that she did it [served in the Useless Nations], not for Trump, but because her country needed her" Thank U 4 Ur Service Nikki 
17. Now we get to the big reason "Issac" wuvs his Nimrata soooo much (besides "she's brown": "The kicker is that she did all of this shortly after becoming the South Carolina governor who took down the Confederate flag from the State House, where it had flown for more than half a century and, it seemed, would fly forever. It’s true that she spent most of her two terms as governor dodging that issue. It’s true that the blood spilled by Dylann Roof in a Charleston church had more to do with the flag’s removal than Haley’s leadership. But it’s also true that whoever is in office during a time like that will receive an enormous amount of the credit for the change. That’s precisely what I’ve been hearingeven from black Democrats and independents. Though they despise the Republican Party for having elevated Trump and his open bigotry to the White Housesomething they won’t ever forget, something I won’t ever forgetthey are willing to listen to Haley because of what she did with the flag in the aftermath of the Roof shooting. " People would elect her because she took down a flag. The eeeevilest flag evah. 
It only shows how much America has degenerated that this cunt can walk around in public Anywhere In America after doing that, let alone in South Carolina. 
Chicago "din du nuffin" crowd won a victory. The cops have been de-balled. Oh well, let the fuckers kill each other off. To bad the niggly bears aren't better shots. 
Natasha Ciara Joyner = nigger i knew that before I opened the article Hahahahahaaha 
If you like stability and civilization you should support monogamy. Is it not obvious that one of the reasons we had social stability is due to monogamy? Polygamy destabilizes the nation. Look at the Arab countries and terrorism. With chimps, the betas gang up on/kill the alpha. The Nap goes out the window if people aren't invested in the society. 
The most "stable" American society - Mormonism - was founded upon polygyny no, it can't be maintained indefinitely, but it is a means to overcome present adversities 
2/ Usually people that promote polygamy like Chris Cantwell think they are going to be one of the guys with like 4 girlfriends. This is obviously not the case (just look at him), serious self-delusion. They are going to be alone jerking off while people like the Golden One has harems of like 20 chicks. 
You probably have a deficiency in Iq. Others more inquisitive might be more interested in learning. 
I have already read the book to what passage, specifically, do you refer? What you're arguing isn't apparent because you refuse to state your argument 
You stupid fucking kike. For fucks sake. 
Again, all you've posted is a compare & contrast list "author says Jews are like this and Europeans are like that" it's as worthless as quoting the damned torah about Jews & goys what's the argument? (without the inaccurate, inarticulate, effete slurs, which also prove nothing) 
2/ You can just see how our societies were built. Aryans were a monogamous pair bonding people that relied on cooperation in the cold climates following the last ice age. You don't really need people to tell you that. The conclusions are so obvious that I shouldn't really have to go into further detail. 
I didn't say they were the same, you stupid retard nigger. I said along the same lines. 
Nigger Muslim! 
They call me a cunt and a muslim, I must be doing something right, my offenses please 
Nigger please. I think we're done here. I am anyway. I've had enough of your black shit. Especially crap I didn't create. Let me repeat that. I Didn'T Fucking Create Your Fucking Black Crap. I Never Owned A Fucking Slave. Black Or Otherwise. 
Retarded Millennials and Illegal Immigrants (what else is in Houston), who can't figure out how to auto-manipulate themselves, hopes have been thwarted after construction of a Robot Brothel was halted for 
Busy little cunt 
Faggot 
Gay marriage. Faggot 
Cadence owens is a stupid nigger who only cares to give the radical left an easy victory in november 
Found some asshole liberals on gab. Twitter's not protecting you bitches here. 
Yeah that's a douche, but give the retard credit for not trying the "I Used to support Trump, but now. " Bullshit. Those are the worst ones. Trying to act like they Were with Trump, those are the most pathetic ones! 
Dems are using the migrants now as their new nigger hordes! Keeping them down on the plantations as well now! Niggers are falling in line and toeing the line too. 
Provide some hard evidence that faggot Hitler actually gassed Jews? Lol. He was too much of a homo to actually do it. 
Faggot 
The blacks would entirely destroy Israel and turn it into a shit hole of finger snapping booty shakers. Sort of like America! 
Send the niggers there 
Saint Sammy Davis Jr. The nigger with a torah! 
Yeah, the obsessive focus of MAGAtards on the day-to-day, hour-to-hour tweets, politricks & "Bombshells" is not a bit different from the pathetic huffers of nigger jockstap. Wake me when Crumpf finally starts building the goddamn wall. 
How in the world can people vote for this nigger 
Faggot 
Nigger faggot 
Sarsour is a diseased cunt who should not be allowed in public. 
He's a nigger who sucks white cock like Caitlyn 
Wtf is wrong with these bitches, menstrual blood is disgusting wtf is wrong with you? Omfg get a fucking hobby you sick twat 
He owns a Liberal Retarded Brain. He is a Canadian. The Blinders of being both of the above. Must be crippling. 
Will I have to when I say Nigger from now on? I'm not against it. I just like it when things are clear. 
Haley would cause the Democrats to win. Vp Pence is doing fine so far. Which faggot on Fbn said this shit? 
Nikki Haley was Israel's best Un defender for every one of the past few years of Israel murdering Palestinians for whatever hair ball reason. Trump has enough Jews around him, whats one more. 
Watch: Murdering Dyke Hillary Demands Glasses of Water as She Coughs Her Way Through Europe 
Will she spit up a big green snot ball and spit it in her water? She has before, that nasty filthy cunt bag 
I couldn't get any farther than the last couple weeks being "hard" on the country and on her. Cunt Hole - Wtf do you think it's been like for the Kavanaugh family whom You People attempted to destroy. That they Persisted and prevailed is in Spite of people like You and the Msm. Hard on You? Wtf Cares. It's going to be a lot harder when Kavanaugh sues for defamation of character, slander and libel. I hate these so-fucking-called stars, their sleazy shows and even Sleazier Whorine Writers. 
At least the faggot part was right! 
That's some fairy gay faggot shit there. 
Our political soldiers need to be more like the original KuKluxKlan from 1866-1876 who locally finished off Reconstruction working with the Democrats as a major political party to where they "won" the peace after Reconstruction was over. They won't be caught dead at these "rallies" where piglice can find them out. 
So you and Jason Kessler want back in the bowel Movement? Fine. You are genuine whigger fuktards. By all means whup up the whiggers who are good for nothing else. I certainly can't keep you from fuktardation. At least you take Zog attention away from real "domestic terrorists" which are pretty scarce on the ground. 
Nate, Are You A Trick Baby(Hookers Kid By John Or Pimp)Your Sensitive To Nigger Jokes Or A Typical Wannabe National Socialist, Who Watched Romper Stomper, American History X And Think Your An Aryan Warrior, Your An Anonymous Coward Faggot, A Real White Warrior Doesn't Follow A Failed Flawed Political Ideology, He Serves His Folk, His Country, His Heritage 
Sagging is subject to a $500. Fine in Kentucky. So, "Sagg it U faggot. 
Self-Hating White Cucks On Parade 
Soy boy is blind and disabled. He is being abused by this foul creature next to him. Fortunately though, he is blind, and has no fucking clue how retarded he looks. 
Im here take back word nigger! Its just a word! Look you can be a white nigger so whats the real deal! With niggers? If blacks cant except it then they need heads exams! Your more racisist then whites! And you know it! 
Pick it up faggot and get to work. No time for gibberish. 
Rarely are ones that speak so consistently on behalf of Jews & Israel found to be genuinely White. If they are they have a retard level of intelligence. Take your pick. It matters not to me. You both find the grave or the exit if Whites are to be saved. 
Cunt 
Lol nigger 
Headline Re-Write: Bezos Is A Cia Cunt 
House nigger Kanye gets Btfo by some field niggers. 
Does seem that one never sees an attractive feminazi huh. Coincidence I think not. 
I have never even heard of such thing, although the fact that they are hairy as a damn Sasquatch wouldn't help even if somehow they got a really retarded and hot girl to join their herd, and she would eventually become fat as fuck too 
Palo Alto University has removed Christine Blasey's contact info from their faculty contact list. I'd love to call her to ask for an interview for my new show "Sluts-R-Us" on the Lying Cunt network. 
Hmmm. Failed murder attempts. Poorly executed. Totally retarded and unprofesssional. Hmmm. Sounds like Antifa false flag! 
"fighting the fash"? Deluded with likely unresolved issues from childhood. Also massive violent cunt 
Do the Tennessee trailer park a favor and kill yourself, you inbred faggot magatard Jew lover. I'm sure you molest the little retarded inbred girls walking around your white nigger southern scum trailer park. 
Faggot Democrat! 
You cow cunt throw shit in eyes of English people not the British people that European and other evil Islam or Muslim world some need do a Saudi Arabia on her chop her fucking up and throw her in a Barth of acid 
I got off Facebook because it was a huge waste of money. "After months of emailing, he finally had a scheduled appointment with a Facebook executive on October 3, 2018. However, after he raised more than $600, 000 in support of Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, Facebook canceled the meeting and deleted both of his pages. To add insult to injury, Kolfage had over the years dropped more than $300, 000 in advertising on his pages. " Facebook lets about 3 percent of your followers see your posts. If you buy ads, that numbers goes up to about 25 percent maximum. The best way to screw Zuckerberg is to ensure a red mega-mega-mega-Maga-tsunami in November. Big Tech will be blamed, so all these psychos will have their faces rubbed in their own manure. They're going to be hated by everyone. Since Zuckerberg and Dorsey can't bear criticism, they're going to drink until their livers explode. Watch it happen. 
He lost his limbs so faggots like you could jerk off to the Saudis and Israelis you warmongering piece of shit. 
Am I the only one that feels sorry for these retarded sub 90 Iq boomers? I mean look at this. It is pathetic. 
I am under jewtack. 
You keep coming To Me. You really are fucking retarded! 
This jew messages me non stop and then accuses me of what she is doing. Alice Hendrickstein. 
You keep messaging Me. Go back to your moms basement. She’ll bring you a hot pocket after you use your acne cream! 
This yid messages me for no reason and then goes on a tirade. She then accuses me of what she just did. Can't make this shit up. 
Your the one triggered soy boy 
Nonsense. It's disgusting faggot shit and Ginsburg should have been jailed for trying to publish it. 
Faggot nigger 
Talcum X is so mad about Chad Kelly right now, but he hasn’t said a word about the nigger who murdered a college track star last night. 
That cunt was on the Empire Strikes Back. 
It is a perfect Idea. If you had mind you cunt you would Read rather than using Pharisee logic. My plan is Superior to your larp every day all day. That is a cold fact. 
Okay retard lmao 
The sooner the queer nazi go back to Germany where they belong the sooner will have the children safe. After a 1000 yrs hitler revived the queer nation spreading the infection. Look at all the queer nazi porn on Gab from time to time. 
The anti Nazi crowd post retarded gay porn on Minds and I've seen some here, you just mute and move on 
No nigger made that. 
Actually I'm only reading every so often. You are getting your panties in a twist over being called a nigger so I just keep coming back to call you a nigger, nigger. 
They want the Fbi to interview the lying cunt just so they can refer to her reported remarks as facts uncovered by the Fbi in its investigation. 
Awww. Nazi faggot fags out (, just like 
Gamer Fag 
Shut up nigger 
To islands off the mainland until they can be returned to the Un or Soros would be more acceptable. Frankly they can keep them in the cities, it's their retarded idea to accept them. 
Imagined that twat says. Hell of a lot of "imagined" convictions so far. 
Filthy Muslim Devil 
Yes, I agree completely. BathHouse Barry, The Manchurian Puppet and Muzzie (I stuttered. 
Cunt 
Fuck off religious faggot 
Hey I'd rather be a racist nazi curb stomping nigger kikes than a communist nigger. 
I can’t believe Crimson Dick Nigger muted me. Today is sad ( I’m sowwy Mr. Dick Nigger, I wasn’t able to hold myself back. 
Stupid cunt didn't win the Iq auction either! 
I am a trans cunt who sucks zog cock I am at oxbridge yes its me human excrement who are these bastards bet its boy who killed peaches for geldof 
Race-haters on Gab poll. What percentage are shills to damage pro-white causes? (For added clarity: Hate is understandable, but ineffective, and a naive too, imo. Know your enemy, but be strategic. Nonstrategic vitriol drives potential sympathizers away. In fact, vitriolic hatred is what a shill might do to taint a movement) I don't usually use the word "racist" because it's overly used. I'll use the term "race-hater" to refer to someone who just spews hatred publicly and tactlessly. Are race-haters on Gab shills that want to taint the otherwise cordial race awareness dialog? What percentage do you think might be shills? Or are they being genuinely vitriolic? (e. G. You can like in-group preference and ethnostates while not hating others. You can fight wars and not be driven by hatred) 
Jesus was/is a Jew! 
I find you stupid, nigger and jew-loving Christians boring as all fucking get-out, so excuse me if I don't treat you as an individual. Christ was the Savior. He didn't speak in subtext. Repent and fight the jews or die. 
Die then. 
I find it interesting how it is the females who attract the ire of the Jewtarded antiNazi Brigade so often. 
Troll supporting another troll 
Running troll. Exe i see. Here dumbass. 
I guess it would be a waste of time to tell your snowflake programming why the star on the truck is meaningless. You got nothing. 
Yes tell us how it actually belongs to a retarded Zionist Church, or something else if that's what it is 
There have been dozens of groups that have used the 6 pointed star such as the Freemasons for example. More likely it belongs to one of the dozens and dozens of Israeli based Ngo charities working in Guatemala. 
These would seem to indicate that possibility an unbiased presentation of the data with copious footnotes and references. Here is a Free synopsis on just immigration from the same holocaust believing professor 
Before I waste my time this book has what exactly to do with a work truck in Guatemala? 
Precedent and motive. 
This retard trump goes along with every obvious false flag their is. What a prick 
Another muzzie incest slut. 
Any Women with a Snot Ring is a Whore Cunt! 
Well ffs, another faggot talking about twitter. Who has a twatter account and routinely posts twits! Stop fucking using thier service. Just. Every twit you send makes them stronger. 
Oh for piss sake! Nigger pleaaase! It's amazing that two years passed and you piss ants keep crying. Get a life and move on. You Lost! 
For now, we need *pro-white* leaders, not *not-pro-IsraHell. One nigger at a time, as it were. 
Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch. Stop infighting. We must unite against our foe. 
Niggers ain't a race! They are a sub-species! Lol 
At least I ain't a nigger. Smart ass nigger lover. Lol 
Better he paid us and be the "fascist monster" the Media sold us. And not try to "show the other side that he is really just a mderate". Cause he has a "full female team" just cause "muh, feminism, I respect wymyn". And he thinks that give him points. We need Judge Dredd, please, not another Kennedy in process. Harder than the nigger Thomas, please 
I would kick that stupid faggot in his ass so hard they would need a surgeon to remove it. Pull that shit in front of my children. 
All of you are Retarded Faggots 
100% #Folkfirst 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
Speaking ones mind. Like how evil the Altright and Christians are? Lol. We will purge her 
Oh Now Try To Deny It Kike 
Deny what Robert? Your psychosis is really getting out of hand. I think someone is living down by the river in a white van. And his name is Robert. Purge her of the Jezebel spirit of course. 
Well Robert, looks like this is the end for both of our accounts/Gab. You were a retarded cunt the entire time. And you are a Jew boy. 
Male hero penalizes aggressive parking space thief and twatter user The (thot patrol strikes again) 
To everyone of whatever gender you claim to be; When I watched this vid, this is what I got out of it. The guy had pulled ahead of the parking place. He didn't start immediately backing up when the other car left. If I had been that woman, I'd have pulled in there, too. Okay, so the guy gets out and confronts her. If it had been me, I'd have apologized, explained what I thought and let him have the parking place. Who knows, he might've said-np and let her have the spot. Women, you don't have to be an entitled cunt in interactions with men. There isn't any audio here, maybe the guy came up to their car with the attitude of an asshole, Idk. Kicking the car suggests he probably did. Whatever happened, the stupid, hispanic thot in yellow was a fucking idiot. No, you are not going to win a street fight with a man. Yellow shirt thot apparently thought that watching Mma Late Night made her an expert. If you sucker punch some guy, you absolutely deserve to get punched back. This little thot tried it three times. She's lucky to be alive. The guy is huge and he probably pulled his punches or she'd be in a coma or her address would've changed to Forest Lawn. None of these people acted like adults with anything resembling commonsense or common courtesy. There are other parking places and it isn't worth getting hurt or going to jail just because you don't want to walk an extra 20 yds. Grow The Fuck Up! Keep Your Goddamned Hands To YourSELVES And Learn To Speak To OTheR People With A Modicum Of Courtesy! 
Like I said, this whole thing was fucking stupid. I'd do exactly what I said I'd do it my previous post because I was raised to have common courtesy. I'm, also, not stupid enough to get into a fistfight with a man. First of all, I'm a lady and secondly I'd get my ass kicked. The Only time I'd hit back is if some cowardly, soyboy thug suckerpunched or kicked me. I'd probably still lose but, the asshole would definitely be hurting. Note to soyboy Antifa thugs; my aim is exceptional. 
: Nach einem Elternabend in der Internationalen Gesamtschule ruft eine 3-köpfige Gruppe immer wieder nach einem Mädchen als ihr Stiefvater fragt, was das Problem sei, geht ein dunkelhäutiger Teenie auf ihn los und tritt ihn krankenhausreif 
Nicht lange fragen. Zuschlagen ist die Devise. Die Nigger haben das kapiert. 
Makes them look like a massive cunt. 
Ok, so Hank Ford was a Jew-hater. So Fucking What? That doesn’t make anything he said the truth. Frankly, if Nehlen actually posted this kind of shit, he deserves to get kicked off of every social media platform on the Internet. Free Speech does not include hatred. 
Fuck off you faggot boomer 
We haven't even received 500 signatures on this petition since my video a little over 12 hours ago. Can you get Trs to push this whitehouse. Gov petition to stop jew censorship of the goyim? 
You are the faggot Npc that everyone hates. 
Make this cocksucking nigger go away! 
Everyone knows that faggot is a coked up queer. He Married a fucking shemale. 
One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post 
Look at the "resistance" ladies & gentlemen. Jfc what kind of soy faggot cuckery are they practicing? 
Remember Kids. The Name the Jew Bullshit. Is a counter intelligence program. This is why is Only serves the system. Try breathing through your nose. 
You are a loser. Loser. Keep being a Bitch or Win. Simple Choice really. You are a Cunt who uses words you will be ass fucked in Prison because you are Bitch. 
Fuck that whore Feinstein lying cunt 
Dog mom? I thought single dyke commie whores only got cats. 
Cunt 
So do a whole host of other Democrats! Diane Feinstein! Mad Maxine Waters! Everyone on the Nigger Caucus! Pedophile Joe Biden! Trannie Michelle Mooch Obama! (Michael Every Single Female Demoncrap! They All Hate America! They Love Killing The Unborn And Love Illegal Aliens Before Usa Citizens! 
I wonder how many nigger cocks have been in her or how many dyke pussies she has eaten. Probably loads! 
'People who view themselves as victims tend to get away with more than others. " Perfect line which applies equally to the kike and the nigger ape. 
The average nigger has an Iq of 85. 
All the boomer whigger tards I work with were telling me Trump made the market great again. 
Faggot 
Comrade is a normal greeting among Actu Officials and hard core members Nsw Fire Brigade is a prime example go to their web site and read some of the crao the Union goes on with every Communist program under the sun gets top priority by their leader Casey fiull blown Marxist Cunt 
He is a fuckin cunt 
You can take the nigger out of Africa. But you can't take the Africa out of the nigger! 
Free speech is just that. Let the retard have his platform 
Actually there you piss and faggot piece of libtarded shit it's Fuck You and FuckYou For Being A Communist Cunt Piece Of Shit! 
Oh yeah? Your 40% nigger regiment are to be trusted when the op is stop your relatives from entering your store? Gimme a fucking break redditard. That's like having the Fbi investigate Fbi corruption. 
Lol. Poor socially diseased Steven. What a lonely & pointless life. And anyone who disagrees is a racist & bigot & twat & . Oops better run some ppl in white coats are. 
I don't know what is worse - people making such retarded arguments or me loosing two points of Iq just by reading them. 
Just an observation faggot 
Sheryl Sandberg Is Much Too Much Of A Stupid JEWIsH Cunt To Do Anything On Her Own! 
Fucking stupid beaner commie cunt 
What kind of faggot ass name is Clarence? You should Kill yourself! 
Fuck off kike slut. 
Go watch your dad finger your little sister 
White women matter, disgusting mudsharks do not lol. Cunt got what she deserved. 
A jew and a democrat! A patented Retarded Liar! 
Heard this before. Won't matter at all, if they are not issued ammo this time. Otherwise they will just be shoveling horse shit again Ffs Bush sent troops that did observe the border but had to runaway when shot at by cartels, cause they had no fucking ammo! 
Was that Poppy Bush, the baby raper, or Baby Bush, the raped baby? Either way, President Donald John Trump is Not like either one of those Hellbound loser faggot motherfuckers! 
Fuck you, Amy Schumer 
Here's the sand nigger edition 
Nigger faggot 
Yes, He Is. 
Did you know Poop Dog is a muzzie too 
Why yes, It is necessary to show the sins of men when you are truthful. It is also helpful to have sins for when you are discussing repentance and forgiveness. That's what Jesus came for To redeem sinners. If you want a license to sin, islam is for you! 
I didn't know you were a nigger. Lol 
His Name is Eldon "Twirp" Williams: 87-Year-Old White Man Murdered by Black Career Criminal in Alton, Illinois. From the article, "At this point the killing appears random. " It wasn't "random" it was because he's a fucking white male. 
And the nigger is a pussy. 
It took the Us, UsSR, Uk and the minors under the guidance of international jewery to take down a country half the size of Texas. All so that we can be debt slaves in nigger infested neighborhoods worrying if our daughters make it home safe every day, but good thing we stopped those Nazis! 
So I can become a liberal retard like you? 
Faggot 
- correct- definitely a faggot 
You Mean Child Molester Biden. 
Lets see, their are two choices. Chester the molester Biden, or Cunt brain Gonorrhea Harris. Both would be fun to destroy! 
A night on the piss, muzzie style. 
Albino animals, including moose, are real. Its a genetic defect i wouldn't brag about being Albino, that's like calling your self a nazi. Its a retard gene 
Two nigger friuts 
"I'Ll Sit Out The Midterms. That'Ll Show 'Em! " Retarded normiecon take from a wignat. You wignats are a gift that keeps on giving. Lmao! 
Q has a guy do a standoff at nv bridge and Alex jonesenstein. Crickets. Some of us WNs steal Q away from that faggot microchip and start waking them to the jq. Boom instant secret service. It's not cuz we are feds, it's because we have their attention. 
Yes I no understanding you retared fucknuts. Me need more retarded dictionary. Tanks. Now I live real American life. Tanks b to gawd 
Cunt 
Nigger is a word. Words belong to no one. If a word can ruin your day you're going to have a miserable life. 
Also admits she's a nigger 
When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
Police hunting for nigger perp who attacked a white man in a New York pizzeria | Daily Mail Online 
I see that most people here hate George Soros. I do not agree with his ideology but, after having done extensive research, I cannot find a shred of evidence that he is a Nazi terrorist. Change my mind. 
Learn to read. Facts matter. Do not confuse his past with the present. He was not a Nazi collaborator. 
Announcing that you're muting someone is like announcing that you just farted. 
She's right. He was a child in an occupied country. The germans made the children hand out eviction notices. All Of Them. Which included a 14 year old boy named György Schwartz (George Soros. 
Fuck off 
You mad, faggot? Lol 
Be mad at the facts not the person relaying them. 
Some woman in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York City named Teresa Sue Klein made a criminal complaint that a nine-year-old piccaninny groped her butt as he passed her in a store. People are ridiculing her, but the complaint is in itself entirely credible. Little niggers do such things. She may very well have had such an experience before. 
It reminds me of that incident a few weeks ago where a female police-person came home to find a nigger in her apartment and shot him dead except that she was on the wrong floor and it was not her apartment. Her basic premise, that niggers break into apartments and are dangerous, was correct. 
Teresa Sue Klein is very likely at least partly Jew. You have a meeting of two bad stereotypes: the uncivilized nigger and the inordinately complaining Jew. You have to decide which tendency is more relevant to explaining what happened in this instance. 
They all are insane - faux poco is a distasteful disaster. Schumer a twat. Harris a wannabe and Occy should have stuck to serving tables. Whoever chose new Dems needs to have a brainwash. 
Nah the faggot used tampons on the front was enough for me. You should get acquainted with a big black nigger up your ass holster 
Nigger gear. 
Harry and his nigger 
Brett Kavanaugh is a fucking faggot. He for "spanked" real good at his frat house. They took turns pounding his butt until he cried. 
I can prove that's a lie. If he was a faggot the left would love him. Right tranny bitch? 
One less nigger lover. 
Two retarded liberals duel? Sounds dumb. I am sure they coverered the fine points. 
That’s because Obama is a full-fledged Muslim faggot 
Retarded Inbred 
Sand nigger begging for dollars from stupid white people who will give it to her. 
Logics retarded cousin 
Watching cnn try and call kanye west a nigger these past couple days without actually saying nigger was some funny shit, i bet they lost like 90% of the black vote over these past couple days degrading one of their kings 
So the teepee nigger is posting again. 
This is the nigger she was voluntarily fucking at the time. This dumb skank probably enjoyed every minute of her gang raping. The more black cock the better. At least they killed her for us so she couldn't pop a groid out of the demon portal she called a vagina. Fathers: don't let your daughters be feminists, marry them young, make them afraid. 
Or literally every major chain under the sun? Boycott wendys mcdonalds burger king kfc taco bell fuddruckers mission bbq over the border Dude what other restaurants did I name? Maybe Best Buy Walmart Target Grocery store Sheetz Speedway WaWa fuck it all gas stations. How retarded are you? 
Okay now I know i stuck my dick in retarded cancer This is by far the most unrealistic and dumbest thing ever proposed to me. Mission Bbq is owned by veterans you retarded excuse of sentient life 
Well, you are clearly too retarded to even read two sentences and comprehend. Did I say to boycott Mission Bbq? Or did I say boycott everything that isn't conservative? Unrealistic and dumb? Then why are a lot of conservatives already doing it. And already making an impact? 
And call caps because you aint but a little man slave found a nigger game. You go stir up every last bit of pit from whale. To you want loonie. 
Feminist Nigger Brown woman Oh look, they have remembered a white man, way at the back. 
Black James Bond, feminist Doctor Who, it's time to start up a new space colony some where (whites only. 
You have more optimism than I do. It's not just the Left that's retarded here, it's the normies as well! And we are overrun by normies. 
Nigger 
Anti-Semites can suck it! Anti-Israel twat bags can also suck it. That jerk off who bombed the Temple where people where worshipping God can suck it. Also I really do hope that asshole Bowers recovers from his bullet wounds So they can at some point in the near future give him some lethal injection! 
If Johann didn’t have Africans to pity fuck him he would: 
I was the only one that voted die an incel 
Nah, I did too. I fucking dont like this cucky faggot but even though his updated pic looks like he's not allowed to celebrate Halloween, I dont think he would diddle kids. Maybe 
We are honorable, they are not. But virtue is a poor substitute for courage. This event (today's), just signals a increase in tension. Idk what's wrong w saying I didn't do it, but I'm glad it's happening. The ppl that are condeming whites to death by nigger have enjoyed security for far too long. 
Like I said, racist. After all, you chose the one female that would increase your status amongst your peers, a White blonde. That is racism in the extreme. You don't see me going after Nigger bitches. 
Called my neighbor a faggot first thing this morning for running his leaf blower at 8am. I regret nothing. 
I don't complain about stuff like that, but I would start up a chainsaw at 6am tomorrow. 
I agree. My neighbors are all farmers, and I can't see any of their houses from here. 
I feel for you. But 8am is acceptable on a Saturday. Sunday though. I kill the man with a rusty spear and let him impaled for all to see. 
He's still a faggot. 
Lol. 
That was moderate what I do. 
Faggots need to be reminded they're faggots least they forget 
Go live in a neighborhood filled with niggers & get back to us (if ur not ded) faggot 
It's a muzzie troll 
How magnanimous of the perjury committing, lying, memory impaired, cunt 
I never cared about any of that. I would tolerate him screwing a nigger maid if he kept any of his important promises. He has yet to do any of that. So far he's been governing like a down syndrome Jeb Bush. I don't count "triggering the libtards" as an accomplishment because that makes our situation even more perilous in the long run. 
In minecraft, strategic car bombs would accentuate the preferred course, I think. Two or three dead nigger "politicians" is all it would take for us to see an exodus. 
"We must restore traditional white family values! 11! " The same people unwittingly hate their own families "I hate Boomers! " "I hate GenX! " "I hate Millenials! " "I hate GenZ! " etc. "Save the white race, but I hate families! " Dumbasses. How are you going to save your families, when you keep hating one another? You aren't red pilled. You're f'k'n stupid. 
Everyone hates a shill, especially the negative, mentally retarded ones. Tell me, if you hate Gab so much, "Gab is still a Trainwreck, " what are you doing here and why do I repeatedly see you trying to offend people? Why don't you go do something positive? Total loser, or here for a specific purpose? 
Faggot? 
Imagine being this cucked. 
- A faggot doth declare- "I have something to get of my chest- Fuck every man in this country who silences women. Fuck very man who bullies Lgbtq people. And most of all fuck [Djt] for doing these things While 'president'. " 
Ffffffuck you pussy 
As soon as a dude confronts that pussy he crumbles like the bitch that he is. 
Plz use another anti-fag preacher. Anderson is awful. 
- I wanted to contradict that moron's statement "fuck [Djt]. Who bullies lgbtq people" because I hate the notion that Djt's anti-fag. I know of no other media source that has complained about Pence swearing in that homo as an ambassador. If you know of one, then please let me know. 
You should do some vids 
Well i fit in every category of what you want f. Yet im no gay soy boy& kick your ass quick if you try, Djt at 72 could whip your ass too, so go to star bucks get yourself a cookie& latte and have a good day homo 
What a brave tweet. You sure showed them Nazis! 
Trump is unfortunately not that cool. 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
Yes, I get it! Your mother and sister and daughter are the same. I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad. Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
Try reformatting that sentence, as grammatically it makes no sense at all. This is what happens when you smoke pot and skip school, you end up as trash. Well done, you’re a credit to your tribe. 
Yeah, as I’m not afraid to admit, I’m scared of heights so I’ll never be able to lower myself down to your level. 
Hitler is His role model. Lol 
Fyi: Hitler is every thinking person's role model 
Omg, just lol. Well, we’ll treat you just as good as Hitler treated his chosen enemies then. I’ll do it with a smile, just to make you feel better. You’re loved ones? Nah, they’ll get the real Hitler treatment! 
So basically typical Jewish-Ritual-Murder like always? Aka "Blood Libel" 
I’m a redneck and if I have my way, people like yourself will not survive a breakdown in our society. I know a lot of rednecks that think the same. 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuucccccck This Nigger 
Kangaroo fucking hippy cunt 
Why did we have to go to court Again to have their identities revealed! More than 120 offences by these 20 men, some girls were taken to the moors at night and if they didn't comply they'd be beaten up and abandoned on the moors - at least one farmer had to help little girls beaten and abandoned on the moors! 
Just imagine this: more than 60 million native white Brits! And 4 million shit skin MudSlimes! The mind boggles. 
Euro had to fight 100s of horrible wars for territory over 1000s of years while having nose to grind stone 24/7/365 building / inventing / creating cultures to survive on earth only to be back stabbed by a bunch of stupid spiritless vicious lazy nigger monkeys, who made zero out of life those 1000s years, with their life on earth made by us. 
Bye bye. 
Got 10, 000 fake fuck anime faggot accounts? Send Them All. And thank you for playing the game. 
Shove it up your ass you shotacon 
I hope the cunt wins. 
You are on the retard juice buddy. The line is Trump encourages an atmosphere of violence. He is no more or less an Israel cuck than any other over the last century (derr he is the greatest cuck He Hasnt Sent Millions Of Americans To Die For Jews Yet You Peace Of Shit Like OTHeRS Have), No One is saying Trump isn't pro-Jew, but it is your claims that are hyperbole. 
If & when Judge Kavanaugh gets confirmed I hope this b*tch's vagina puckers up like a lemon was shoved up it. 
Cunt 
All the Fonda's were liberal rags! The retarded children just took it steps further! 
Welcome to Gab! You just have to be wary of the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches on here. Just Mute them without responding. Eventually, they disappear. On any posting of theirs go to your right where the ellipsis is, click on it and select Mute. 
Any islam sucks ass. Only good muzzie is a dead one. 
Sheep dip! Cunt News is reporting that! 
Yeah, that's not what you said. Retard muted. 
. I'm foaming at the mouth. Show everyone my post of foaming at the mouth. Even eddy has turned he's back on you. 
Not really jermaine. You just participated aswell. Discusting 
Johnny be good ain't it? 
No. It’s Johnny is a Anal Wart 
Stdeane you have turned up and joined the group identity antifa mob. When Johnny comes calling you 3 won't stop cumming. 
Oh you should worry alright, especially if you're the little soyboy crybaby I think you are. You'll be tucked in sucking that thumb before curfew from all the cryin' you whiny ass little loon, you. But you're probably an overgrown soyboy. We just don't know what to do with you little gender benders these days. Can't tell if you're male, female or one of 70 plus other "gender" identities. I grew up used to real men with lots of testosterone that knew what to do with a woman. You- I'm cluesless. I think you're probably a little faggot for sure though. Maybe? Don't flatter yourself too much I have everything I want already 
Nowadays the monetary value of that entire nigger bin is negative. Only niggers are buying, I bet. 
The coolest thing about this whole situation is that in a few decades the childless bitches like the 38yr old cunt portrayed in the above picture will all die lonely, in small apartments, every night hoping they're not raped or burgled by foreign men. White men like me will be too busy looking after our traditional women and our beautiful children 
It’s be all nigger & mud babies too. 
I find it amusing that he has even less opposition amongst white women than white men. Ditto with Asians. As for Jews, you know you've got a problem when you're more politically retarded than blacks on average. Who was expecting any less coming from (them) though. 
The crying for admin has been monumental from this faggot tonight. Awww, did the nasty man show you things you don't like to see again, little Soy? No One Gives A Fuck. 
Deport This Islamist Cunt Bitch Whore! 
The only related here is monetary issues and social pressure. Fuck me, did everyone just forget 4chan still exists and no one sent that faggot moot to jail? 
Jews hate Muslims because their retarded religion won’t let them pay interest. Jews live on interest. 
American girls have already been suffering an epidemic of rape for decades - tens of thousands of black-on-white rapes per year since forced "integration" in the 1960s. The current average is 20, 000 per year, but it's been as high as 30, 000 in the recent past. Historically, the black offenders have not been Muslim. It's race, not religion. The average African is borderline retarded by standards for white people, and lacks self control and moral development. The average African in America is not much better despite a considerable admixture of European genes raising their IQs by 15 points. 
Faggot 
Aww is the faggot mad? Lol 
Why is that pineapple nigger in the Senate? Shouldn't she wait until after hours before cleaning the bathrooms? 
What retard would down vote this? 
Otis is gonna love this faggot 
So. I just read an article on how to deal with 'past sexual trauma' (ie regrets about sleeping around. Worst piece of virtue signalling, victim-industry garbage I have read in years. I think these leftist idiots have hired the Chinese ('literally') to do their writing. Reads as if was written for retarded children or communists. 
Well Isn't That Cute. Invented & Designed By A Self Hating Liberal Faggot I'm Sure. 
Nigger spam 
Kike faggot Homo bitchmeat. So? And? 
Who will Kill who 1st, as Jew Boy Clooney Marries Muslim Sand Nigger (2 Racial Mortal Enemies since the Dawn of Time. It's a Case of Opposites Attract, Followed by, Murdering eachother over a Package of Bacon. 
You forgot this faux nigger clone. 
Lol nice one, Boner. Now you sound even more retarded than the dirt scrapers you're supposedly trying to help. 
Nigger Demons. 
Jeremy Cunt compares the Eu to a Soviet prison. I really couldn't have said it better 
Reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
Pagans and Christians must forget past transgression and work togather to get rid of (them) and Muzzies off Europe only when the dust settles Then you can go at each other's throat case closed. 
Because it doesn't make any sense. Maybe spend more time reading books and less time listening to shitty Carolyn Emerick podcasts and parrotting everything she says. What kind of a Mgtow are you supposed to be anyways? You do know she is a fanatical feminist right? 
Yes, it doesnt make sense cos your a fucking moron, how many times do i have to point this out Youre a fucking retard, just like most of the christians in here Quit stalking my posts, i got 20 notifications just from you commenting on every one of my posts All of your posts are retarded gibberish, just like that crucignateus idiot, the insufferable retardation 
Shut up RMax. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man 
Wow, you sound like a faggot completely obsessed with nigger cock. 
Fucking idiots, they should have kicked the shit out of the little cunt 
I very seldom use this word. Cunt. 
For the record. If we all had some major accident and lost our skins, evil people would still be evil people but the racists would have no idea who is who. You would then look for people who were not evil never knowing what color their skin was. And they not knowing yours. Maybe we need to skin a bunch of assholes? 
A nigger can be spotted blindfolded, asshole. 
You're s nigger lover. Even worse than the nigger itself. Asshole. 
I know you have no brain. You're a nigger lover, worse than the nigger. And you have s50 yo 60 point Iq deficiency. Asshole. 
You are the real bigot. You hate everyone that can see what the niggers are, what they say regarding Whites, and that knows they have nothing of value to offer civilized society. You cling to the diversity lie like the utter moron you are 
Not nearly so stupid as your previous comment, or even this comment of yours. And to prove how stupid you truly are, you don't even have the good sense to know most of the niggers you love so much want you dead. You are a disgrace to humanity, dumbfuck 
Again, sounds like cerebral flatulence. Are we all getting this people? The show must go on. Keep them coming. 
You certainly wrote the book oncerebrsl flatulence. It's anuou know, bigot. 
Immortalized dumb ass. Your mamma would be proud. 
Your momma raised a blind fool that loves niggers that want him dead. You are the true idiot. 
Stop being a dyke and stand up for your race, white woman. 
Where'd you run off to you little sand Nigger Muslim Goat Lover I thought we were having fun? 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
To answer your question - yes you are a stupid fool. And now I see you are a faggot to boot. Not surprised. 
Normal men (97% or so) are sexually aroused by women. Men that are sexually attracted to men are born that way = genetic. Only a faggot gets a hard on looking at men/boys. Have to be born that way. Sure faggots that adopt little boys to molest them can turn them faggot against their nature. 
He is his own argument! Only a faggot is not turned on by a woman. Hence is anger & lashing out at you. 
You 4 fuckers are responding to me. How many people are responding to the 4 of you 1. A retard stalking gay homo. Ed has made me famous. 
Inbreeding is my guess. That, or exposure to radiation has resulted in a species of retarded mutants. Either way, we should send them to the lab for testing. 
House Nigger 
Here's some unoriginal thought, or in other words it's widely known and repeated - is a fucking faggot 
And May call year a go to stop slavery in world look in how back garden first two face convted Islam cunt less diabetes women globalist 
Cunt Needs A Clean Cut Shave Right Throug From The Addams Apple To The OTheR Side Of The Neck, The Rest Of The Carcas Sent To Andrew The Victorian Commie Stalin'S Front Yard 
Good News! Violent Caleb Gibrahn Perkins was arrested in (Nyc) last night for felony robbery and misdemeanor assault. The violent faggot leads in New York City which is funded by (Soros. 
Ya Ya Ya what is wrong with people today if your a dike your a dike I don't want to hear about or see it So your canoe lickers, good for you. Your pussy can. T roar if it could you would be in a porno and your not so how about shutting the fuck up Ooooo shit by the way if that's what your cunt hair look's like you might have crab's 
Haha Agent Marxist Orange tried to read the free Intro on Amazon. Couldn't even manage that without writing his fake review. Then he came on Twitter anonymously bragging that he hadn't read it. Twat forgot he used his real name on the review. I told my 23, 500 followers and he was doxed in 5 minutes. Why he's hated me ever since lol 
Notice in his "review" there isn't One single point actually about the contents of my book. Just ranting on about me. That's because he hadn't read it and I'd been making a twat of him on Twitter for a month beforehand lol 
Pretty big words for a trumptard, did you copy and paste or type them from a coloring book letter for letter? 
The only tards on here are you dopey, delusional D-Baggers. What's wrong, the booming economy not good enough for you? Or, more likely, you're just a faggot with cats. 
We can't hump these nasty bitches any more bc the dirty filthy Dem-Commies will let girls come back yrs later & make fraudulent claims against us. Even though the girl in ur photo is dressed to get fucked? You can tell bc she went thru the Trouble of cutting off her shorts & pulling them up in to her Ass & Cunt Crack. "Be responsible. Dress Responsibility" 
Obozo was and still is a Muzzie Pos, married to a tranny and both are useless! 
Same with Mama "Moloch" Merkel. But I don't see mass marches in Germany like in Uk. Moloch Merkel is another Cabal Cunt sucking the thorny cock of Lucifer. 
Religious faggot 
Three types of massive retard on Gab: Creationists. Qanon fags. Tea Party dimwits who think anyone to their right is a David Brock paid troll. 
Could have bombed the cunt out of London today 
Could nigger rioting finally put an end to slave-ball? One can only hope. 
Lol 90 percent if not more of the Muslime complaints are hoaxes, get a clue retard 
One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post. 
I would agree if Cricket didn't exist, at least in Basketball you can understand when someone scores and when someone wins. Cricket is several levels more retarded than Basketball can ever hope being. 
Gotta give it to Sweden, they're playing the retard long game really well. 
4/ Or specifically with the white supremacists who find the Npc meme awesome, how is "diversity is our strength" any different from "love your race"? It's like two sides of the retard coin. (Or actually the same side, since white supremacy and white nationalism originated from the Democrat party, which they hate to acknowledge) 
God you're stupid. 
We know you aren't equal to the rest of us and joos joos joos why else do your type fixate upon a culture that values education, thriftiness and discipline? You a nigger on welfare aren't you? An obama/clinton voter? 
Andddd he's a Spic mutt of course. 
Glad to see that has bravely resisted the purity spiral, and broken free of the ideological echo chamber of the pro-White movement. In this piece, he courageously puts forth a plan for White survival. Specifically, that Daily Stormer readers should purchase White eggs, fertilize them in a laboratory, and insert the fertilized eggs into the low end Asian whores they've been fucking. Genius. 
What kind of low iq faggot thinks he can call someone a purity spiraler and in the same breath pretend he is mocking Anglin for some of the same shit he advocated for several months earlier. Of course would be that dumb, figures. Do you even know what a purity spiraler is bitch boy? 
This Turkroach needs to be taken out behind a woodshed and dealt with by two armed rednecks who are convinced she illegally dumped a boxspring mattress in their alleyway, dumb cunt 
Sara Peritas 04: 27PM what is nigger speak is what Emmanuel was and is saying in many of his posts, not only to Laurie Wright. This is what all 3 of you support 
Just sitting here thinking how funny it'll be if Britain's new mystery meat princess' baby comes out black and "premature". Harry can then be the official cuck prince. 
That half-breed will be a nigger no matter what. 
Dude you're entire profile is just whining about "muh racism" this is truly the center of every black person's identity and it's pathetic. You're seeking this shit out because you like the attention Oh and putting pics of your family on here is a retarded fucking idea my guy. You don't know who might dox and fuck with them. I'd delete. 
How is it fake? They are what they are and for you to cry like a bitch because we see them that way is defence of them. Now you dont try to lame assed monitor me, and i wont fucking berate your muzzie sympathizing wanna be scholar ass. Mute me before you get your Gd feelings hurt. The look I get when a fake bitch tries me 
Wait until they light it up with faggot symbolism. They will too. 
The "N" word? Would that be "nice"? Neutered? Don't be such a pussy. If you mean Nigger say so. 
Is that guy too retarded to turn that off before he starts spraying it? 
Thanks Crimson Dick Nigger 
Joy Behar Tortures The World With Her Big Fat Stupid Fucking Cunt Mouth Everyday! Dumb Liberal Feminist Cunt, The Usual! 
! He's a Cunt! 
Pierce did not take infrastructure and logistics seriously - he literally bought the Okc scam and even went on Jew Tv to praise terrorism. No wonder you praise his Worst mistakes, you being a Jew Tv collaborator yourself. 
Kikester Rapist, you are just another "anonymous" shitskin mamzer faggot infesting the bowel Movement and as such are part of the scenery like Mattoid Chaimbach. Sooner or later like Bryan Reo you will becum outed and then further made irrelevant. At least Mattoid Parrot is whigger, hence salvageable. 
Nigger muslim 
Who are the niggers to make the rules and confuse our white kids so much that they cannot see that a nigger never done me any good ever gave me anything except ive help numerous niggers 
If your turned on by nigger music then there is something wrong with you. Why are you even listening to nigger music? 
"A Five Year Old Cannot Meaningfully Consent To Anything, You Ghouls " - NYCantifa Unless of course that 5 year old thinks its a tranny or a faggot then it gets full consent 
John Podesta: Hillary is "Acting Like a Retard - She Smells Like Boiled Cabbage, Urine, & Farts" 
Faggot Pakistani-cant get a woman to love your skank ass lol 
Line up the national guard and light up the wetback biological weapons 
Retard liberals "these guys" 
Glad to see that has bravely resisted the purity spiral, and broken free of the ideological echo chamber of the pro-White movement. In this piece, he courageously puts forth a plan for White survival. Specifically, that Daily Stormer readers should purchase White eggs, fertilize them in a laboratory, and insert the fertilized eggs into the low end Asian whores they've been fucking. Genius. 
You are literally a retarded faggot that has no basic concept of how genetics or eugenics works and you should just do us all a favor and let Edward Gorcenski be your boyfriend and show you how a "real" man Or at least a better one than you are capable of being. 
Not odd the bitch is going to jail. 
I really hope so! That cunt played games long enough over the backs of the middle class people! 
Most faggots are democrats 
Oh. So you're a nigger faggot 
Sounds like McGregor knows the guy is a fuzzy muzzie and exchanged words? 
Mr Muzzie woman beater was cleared because, get this. The Gf didn’t have Video! Let that sink in. 
Twitter got me. Blackcat Woman @FoxNews Juan W is an Idiot! Omg! The Demon-crats are delusional! Fox, why do you have such a retarded communist on your network51 Pm - 19 Oct 2018 As a result, we’ve temporarily limited some of your account features. 
Here's The Fair & Impartial Fuckin Investigation! These Two MotherFuckers Have Been Dick Slappin Since Faggot All Boys Prep School, Through Nam, Return Join "Veterans For Peace", Bad Mouth Our Country, Disrespect & Dishonor All Of Us Veterans Who Haven't Become Treasonous Dishonorable Leftist MotherFuckers! 
My therapist has assured me I am cured of my kleptomania. Oh yeah? Just wait till the cunt goes to use his wallet. 
"They" don't. Are All of you retarded collectivists? 
Anonymous retard claims to be jared kushner, credulous Qcult accepts claim without reservation 
As if I didn't already know the world was full of losers, I need your faggot ass to remind me! Lol 
Looks like a muzzie Pos 
White cuck doesn't defend his White woman after Nigger floors her with a slap. 
Hosted by a Nigger and a Jew. Chee, what a surprise. 
Hey stupid, there are differences between male, female, White, nigger and Oriental skulls. 
And of course you have the retarded race baiting moron Van Jones 
Was watching that tsunami disaster on the news, and some cunt was moaning "that they had no water" I sat thinking. Ffs there's no pleasing some people 
Bernie Sanders is the real Jesus, you homeless nigger 
You're one of those homeless niggers 
Eh, plenty of them have no more entanglement than a long term relationship with a spic or gookess. Enough pressure, and that problem may disappear. The only real problem is that the Pb encourage nonwhites to join, which encourages some degree of friendship between human and nonhuman males. 
This is something you may consider buying from a security company who has a proven record of keeping peoples personal data secure. But you have to be an absolute retard to buy this from a notoriously known data mining company. 
Jordan Peterson has gone full retard. Never go full retard, Jordan. The faggot is also deleting negative comments on his youtube page. 
This has to be a parody account. If not, then folks, you now have a front seat witness the damaging results of a constant diet of chemical soaked foods. One wonders if this idiot actually reads what she wrote and comprehends the complete and utter Jewishness of her retarded thought process. This is Jewish Insanity brought about by filth like this: 
Somebody please tell this vile dyke that we are not on her team. Please. Seriouslyplease. 
The 'Vile Dykes' would make a great name for a band. 
Hey Rosiepig 
Go To Canada And Leave Us Alone You Dumb Bitch. 
Hey Rosie, eat a bag of shit! You suck donkey ass! Fuck off! 
British way of life thats a fucking joke, mass immigration from eastern Europe, by hoards of 7th century moslem barbarians and tribes of retarded black african freeloading rapists destroyed our way of life 10 years ago and will destroy the nation in the next 10 
Just sitting here thinking how funny it'll be if Britain's new mystery meat princess' baby comes out black and "premature". Harry can then be the official cuck prince. 
I'm giving you a pass Only cos you're a nigger yourself. But cool it, eh? 
This Uncivil Skank Bitch just won't go away! You lost, AssWipe! We don't care what you think about Anything! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Hillary Clinton Slams British Tories Over Support For Hungary Prime Minister vs 
Who thinks illitarate illegal immigration work they retarded too 
Are they nigger babies? It may just be bats roosting in the ceiling. I had hundreds at my old place 
Nigger faggot 
Them good words, invading nigger 
Hey I’m a nationalist too. Better a nationalist than the politically retarded dupes of the globalists. 
It is in the muzzie kingdumb. 
Is this twat for real? // 
It's not really a debate. If someone is on the side of the 14 Words, then they recognize that. People that have to muh woden or other new age bullshit are the first ones to assault other Whites and the thinnest skinned about the sketchy nature of their own Nigger style spiritism. Leave religion as a personal matter. 
Hey nazi fuckstick, I'll gladly side with jews against a cunt like you anyday. Why don't you go scramble your brains like your fuhrer did. You are and shall always be nothing but trash. 
I’m glad that Cunt got her head smashed through a class table for lack of sympathy. Probably didn’t even happen. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Gop-doxxing suspect arrested; worked or interned for Feinstein, Jackson Lee, other Dems If this guy does Not suckle cocks, then my gaydar is broken. 
That faggot is fucked. 
The white race will gradually fade away and will be replaced by a race of mullatoes. Just look at how many white women go with niggers! The white woman is the death of the white race! 
Too many white women have Nothing in their brains. They have no culture, sense of racial identity and loyalty. Their empty heads have been filled with pc liberal. Nigger shit. Basically white people have lost any white culture they once had in the past. Now they are nigger worshippers. 
Nigger raus. 
Nigger lover Lincoln. Spic lover Reagan. Kike lover Trump. They’re all zionists. The only decent men on this are hiding in the back in low resolution. Washington. 
The retarded asshole Justin Trudeau never runs out of bad ideas for fucking over Canadian taxpayers. Yet they keep supporting him. Canadians have got to be the dumbest people in the Western hemisphere. 
Cucked and shucked, many with their heads in the sand, like African Ostriches. But we are beginning to wake up, slowly. 
Sinn Fein Communists Will Demand Referendum on Ulster, in Event of no Deal Brexit Get tae fcuk, yeh fenian muzzie loving scum! 
Your propaganda is blatant and gay. 
Faggot Shows Up Every Hour. Hey it’s Your Hour. 
Enjoy your nigger aids Wichita. 
Whinge to the Un will be next, give us money for food. Thats Our money, the money all our bastard govts give to the Un 
Famine is coming soon if chimpouts continue against the european farmers 
Almost feels unavoidable at this stage, I doubt this retarded nigger learnt anything from what happened to Shitbabwe when they pulled this crap. 
Especially when one considers that 'victory' to be that he hangs around a White female, something I have done since I was 6. Odd that he considers 'winning' to be that of hanging around a White female, yes? Such hatred of one's own race is disheartening to see. One should learn to be proud of one's own race. Alas, I understand Nigger self-hatred. 
Exactly! That’s all they have. Look, look, look at me n my tings, or of course the old faithful muh dik animals. 
Ya, Martin I really need a fictional dead faggot kike on a stick in my life. A crazy Hezus belief is just what I need to bring me the insanity & perversion I lack. 
Dystopian brutalist design. Everything they touch is simultaneously retarded and evil. 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
I live in Nola. I love the city and its French heritage, but it's overrun with pavement apes. They throw rocks at passing cars and are known to ride their bicycles and wheelchairs into oncoming traffic for insurance payouts. Not so easy to avoid them these days. I'm all for 'draining the swamp' as they say, but hey. Let's feed the alligators first. Hehe 
In Cleveland a nigger in the street is called a speed bump muslims in the street are called rumble strips 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
You're a defeatist faggot just like the rest of these fedposting anons begging for a revolution that you definitely won't be fighting. Hang up, dude. 
Seconded. "You obviously ran into some kike money if you don't think Antifa, the Neocons, and the Democrats should be rewarded with the objective of their subversion and terrorism! " Nice fucking try, Shlomo. 
For the love of God Dread - will you Stop following me! Creepy 
Was he/she/it following people around and impersonating others? Makes sense. 
I wouldn't be such a dedicated critic if Andrew hadn't ignored his loyal users and destroyed Gab to curry favor with hit and run ecelebs like Illiimitable Faggot Man. 
It's called altruistic punishment. Also aspects of loss aversion. Torba has got a tiger by the tail. He thought it was just a harmless cheeseburger cat. 
I think all Christians are panzy pacifists Hahahaahha I Am A Retard Lololololo 
You're a fake veteran, so you certainly are. 
Ahahahahahahahh, stick and stones will break my bones I am and am quite clueless. I am so retarded I think people have to prove anything to me Lolololohahahahahahaah 
That is another super hero trait that White men have in abundance. The need to care for their family and not run away as readily as some Black "player. " That also rules the Nigger out for the part. 
Coming From A Real Nigger Don Lemon! 
Exactly - it's retard logic at its finest. "But it's Totally different, because actual pedos really do get off to the drawings! " Yeah, because it would be so much better if they got off to actually raping children or watching real child porn, instead of watching cartoons, right? Fuck the concept of Victimless Crimes, especially the Thought Crime part. 
Fucking faggot 
Like that retard Sinead O'Cunter 
. They're the 'dumbest of the dumb' who believe the insane Left and try to prove they're Not against being killed by religious imbeciles! 
Muh islam. This expression indicates a nigger toe lover's confusion and lack of understanding. When confronted with something he can't understand or respond to, nigger toe lover mumbles 'muh islam', or 'muh islam, nazi'. This is usually followed by crotch grabbing an underage altar boy and subconscious toe shuffling. 
Well nigger are dumb animals, so. 
Hey, Julie Sweathog, we are disgusted with a cunt who goes to one gang-rape party after another. Fucking whore! 
The faggot does looks like he learnt martial arts from the power rangers 
Isn’t she from Philly? Carpetbagging Cunt 
It’s Already being built moron! Typical libtard logic: A small token of the wall is being built but the wall will never be built 
Wrong again but, you are one of those regressive liberal trolls here so it's unsurprising that you post Fake News. The Wall has been started in San Diego and the Imperial Valley in California. Sorry to disappoint you but, no, it's a real actual Wall as is the portion started outside of El Paso. Yes, much to your chagrin, the Wall will be built. We know that will significantly decrease your new voter base of illegal aliens. Try to remain calm, you can still shriek at the sky and rejoice that your leader, Hildebeast, is planning another grab at the brass ring in 2020. By that time, the Wall will probably be nearly complete and you can scream about how "racist" it is to protect our border from an invasion of poor, illiterate, uneducated, non-English speaking breeders who just want to come and suck on the public tit. You're party will lose because it's been imploding before our eyes for the past two years. In case it escaped your notice, the Potus we elected Keeps his promises and we will be sending him backup in November to make sure he can get the Wall built. You've already lost. 
11/ I don't mind the General direction of where Trump is going, but of course his deficits are going to collapse the country and then retards are going to blame "globalists" or "the Swamp" and absolve him of any blame. And then I'll have to listen to lots of retarded analysis on Gab while ppl make up bullshit and dance around reality. 
Lmao, this homo claims you need a Dna test to live in Israel. That must be why he keeps donating his Dna to other men. 
Is that all you vile Jews are limited to for comebacks? No wonder your people were banned from 109 countries. No class animals. 
All he's limited to is gay sex. 
What a cunt. Dems have shown how much they have become the Kgb this time for sure. 
Every nigger plays this game at 1 time 
The word alpha probably scares their faggot mods 
Jim Carrey is an ass biscuit 
Retarded and retarderer 
Let’s replace leftist cunt white Ivanka with this Indian one! 
This is great I have been waiting for both the Commie Libtards & FakeNazi Libtards that are all paid by Soros to find each other on Gab. Here we go they did it! You idiots are the retarded siblings of the Globalist DeepState. Nobody cares about all your tears you losers lol 
Just mute the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. That’s what I do. 
Is she capable of tying her own shoes? I guess the liberal dream of democracy is strong in New York. Even a borderline retard can be in Congress. Now the Dnc just needs to teach her how to sign her name so she can rubber-stamp their agenda. 
I wondered why Brazile Nuts were called Nigger Toes 
Haha you ain't got shit you fuckin faggot ass pussy boy. My mother could beat your ass with one hand! Lol! I skullfuck little troll maggots like you - let's go punk. Bring whatever your little Iq can conjure up - In real life, you would shut your faggot mouth or I would shut it for you. Lmfao bitch! Haha 
What makes a black person black? Your questions are retarded as fuck. 
Watermelon carson is a nigger and so are you. 
This Faggot Works For The Huffpo lol 
HuffPoo are trans fag joos! 
So what is the context? Is he trying to break with the program at HuffPo, or trying to refute someone else? I guess it doesn't matter if they are all commie, fag, junkies. And jews. 
I sincerely hope Trump starts naming the Jew and then he will have my full support! He needs to eliminate all Jews from his cabinet as Jews do not belong in any government, media, finance or acadamia. Jews are Retarded ditch diggers! 
Let the little Hubbell twat run. She's dumber and less useful than a used condom. 
See folks. Tuck Tuck is a National Socialist. Loves Corbyn. Thinks Corbyn cares about black people & isn't just using them as useful "victim" to exploit like "The Poor". Tuck Tuck! Corbyn isn't interested in blacks either. So you can offer him your full socialist support mate ) National socialists are just greedy socialists who want the place to themselves 
Just because someone has a German handle they are a "nazi"? Do you see "nazis" around every corner? 
I guess it's just like a jew to see "nazis" everywhere. Lol 
When have I called myself a "nazi"? Lol Please I'll wait until you find the comment where I called myself that. 
With your policies. Next! 
You dont know my policies. Lmfao Way you show yourself as the stupid fuck you are. Also you said I called myself a "nazi". What do my "policies" have to do with me calling myself a "nazi"? Again show me where I called myself a nazi? 
Don't know your policies? You've been shouting them at me on here for months Brainstem. That's All you do. Fooking nutter lol 
No I know my policies but you don't know what I believe in. You claim I'm a "nazi" you claim I said I was a "nazi" and you claim to know my policies. Well when are you going to show me all of these claims? 
Bloke! A cursory glance at your timeline demonstrates what you are and Who you associate and agree with. I take it this mate of yours with the swastikas isn't a Nazi type too then? Lol 
Cater, you are Jewish filth, the lies just pour out of you. 
Cater is one of the oldest Anglo-Saxon names in Britain twat lugs. Google it. And please point out any lie of mine if you can ) 
No women in politics, in positions of power or combat. I don't even have to watch to know this cunt is just going say a bunch of retarded bullshit. 
Here you have a retard with preferred pronouns listed in his profile performing the predictable Beta act: 
Yes Billy we all know that and Hillary has raped the american people and anyone who gets in her filthy cunt way 
An absolute biggest Cunt of the year, as all Lesbians are, just look at that creepy Wong, would anyone piss on that shit? 
This Is For The People Who Left Twatter-I Had To Deal With This Mess Of A Cunt Everyday. 
I know. When I hear nigger music blaring & see wiggers strutting they are rarely boomers. Those under 30 refer to typical CONservative old farts as racist/homophobic/misogynistic/ because they are not anti-White enough, feminist & pro-faggot enough. There is a small % of pro-Whites. That is what matters (being pro-White) Not age. 
Hey Matt, do you think this Jessica Wilson-Heimbach retard is actually Rodney Martin? 
Shabbos Goy Google Exec goes full retard 
Ignore that faggot already 
If you don't understand the basic operations of being a Congressperson, then you shouldn't be allowed to run for office. Retard Ocasio-Cortez apparently thinks that Congressmen are mini-Presidents: 
I mute fuckers that call names. Go suck your own dick, you faggot losers. 
You know me. Gotta call the faggots out. 
That's the same Cunt that got Spencer kicked out of a gym. 
I'm glad this is a free-expression forum, so I can tell you to take your anti-Jew bullshit and shove up your faggot ass, and not worry about being banned. 
They allow people like this to post actual hate, pedophilia, terroristic threats, etc. , but if I call Twitter out on their pedophilia support and call Jack Dorsey a fairy gay faggot I'm the one that gets the perma ban. Lol 
You never antagonize the real jews ( not the nigger version ) though. Well, I was like you once, until i developed a severe drinking problem and been unable to tell a lie ever since. Around 20 years ago. 
Like this fat fuck Npc cunt can run even half a mile without a heart attack- and love that disgusting face tattoo 
Word of The Hour retard: to render more slow in progress See translations for retard @ ögert #धम कर 
Stop making excuses for these retarded monkeys. They should be held accountable even though they are too ignorant to understand. They need to be kept away from civilized people like we keep animals in the zoo. 
What a twat 
This cunt needs to burn in Hell. I mean, so does all of Hawaii. Fuck that "State". Let them burn and sink like Atlantis! 
You are a faggot 
They're publicity bitches, they'd have done if the faggot obongo was still in the Wh, or if Hrc had won 
Did self-oven? Did he take the grandniglets with him? 
He was all about the miscegenation. Fuck that faggot 
Looks like a faggot bitch 
I was about to say the same thing given how retarded he's made himself look. 
Can't get much more retarded than a marijuana prohibitionist who embraces pubs as a core aspect of culture. Can't get much more retarded than that. 
Also, that retard who killed the doctor had like 6 moving violations recently. He's just an asshole and was going to kill someone eventually. Punishing law-abiding cannabis users for the actions of that retard is. Wait for it. Retarded. 
Apparently for a large family is not enough to live comfortably Even with weekly groceries, so send their wives out to Beg in traffic. (In~~ traffic- if you hit one of these Retards, your screwed. Thats why is lowering the speed limit. They & their kids walk and play In Traffic 
Full on. These people have no shame or sense of gratitude to the Canadians being kind enough to not run them over, an action that would occur in the muslim homelands if the back home compatriots were faced with the wives of Canadian colonising invaders, begging in the middle of the road. Well actually the average low world muzzie in his homeland would probably stop his put-put and rape the Canadian girl begging on his street. Then maybe he'd think about all that other murderous intent stuff. We're really nice people us Whites. If anyone denies it, they're on the edge of madness via marxism or a lesser creature that can't see beyond it's desire to steal our shiny shiny stuff. 
I don't smile at mudvaders anymore unless i'm being paid to do it, or they're kind enough to actually be nice, which is generally rare, especially amongst the asians. 
Watching that arrogant potato nigger get tapped was truly a great sight to see. 
Nazis are retarded, I don’t hate I just pity. No I hate and pity. 
"Using Gab as a form of therapy" I think You need therapy, because you're acting like such a schizophrenic retard that you can't provide a proper debate, and just resort to insults. 
And Puma, Porsche, Adidas and speaking the German language. Fuck it just click at one another like a Khoikhoi Nigger over there already. 
This clownshoe wearing faggot is Still crying at me about getting spammed. Maybe stop spamming other people if you don't want to have it happen to you? 
Doesn’t do that, it’s literally just you faggots. What the hell is wrong with you? Aren’t you supposed to be Christians. 
Ffs you kikes have really kicked it up a notch in the past few fays. What gives? Are the goyim waking up at an alarming rate cuz of what y'all are doing to Kavanaugh and its causing the fire to rise too quickly? Y'all always go into overdrive after a happening like this. 
Anti-Fascist is a code word for faggot 
1) Alright, let me kidnap my ex girlfriend who has custody of my son. Let me use this genie to shit out a bunch of money so I can bring elderly family members without a lot of money and put them up. 2) Ok. 3) Because you are fucking fleeing, you stupid retard nigger. It might be nice for a decade or so, but diversity isn't stopping anywhere. 
From Behind. Cuck wigger gonna be a cuck wigger. 
Whenever you're feeling stupid, just remember that there are people on Gab right now who unironically think that is an actual nigger named Tyrone Jackson. 
That’s an easy theory to test in the free market. Hand a business over to someone who is too stupid to run it properly and see what happens. It’s all about Iq. Whether you like it or not, whether you believe it or not. The facts don’t care about your retarded feelings. 
Fyi. Kevin Sorbo is suuuuuuch an impressive person. Godly man. Good dad. Good person. Only does Christian movies now if I’m not mistaken. He’s great. Jim Carey is a retarded hypocrite shill who isn’t even that funny. He’s kind of annoying actually. Sorbo is totally right; totally spot on. 
The cunt that jumped Senator Flake in the elevator was rehearsed and paid for and claimed that a vote for Kavanaugh was a vote against her. Hey, tootsie, Kavanaugh's life and yours Never intersected and he is not responsible for the bad things that happened in your feckless life. 
In Spanish we say "Fucken Parrot Cunt! " when we hit thumb with hammer. So: only fair to de-acronymicize Npc = Non Parrot Cunt 
Should've aborted the fucking nigger 
This may be the most retarded thing I've ever read. Another Gq writer. They sure can pick them. 
Hahahahahahaha you four foot sack of coward twat your sign is laminated because you're such a wanker 
Oh bullshit. Most people of Euro descent have some mongol, hun or muslim nigger blood somewhere back in their ancestry. This "white" bull is sheer fiction. 
The cunt shirt and weed vape pen are nice touches. 
Here We Go Again Evil Dyke Hillary Clinton Coughs Uncontrollably at Mansfield College Requests Water (Video) 
The cunt lost 
Was this a Toronto Liberal Faggot beating on a woman? It seems the Wynne Boi did not receive an accidental throat punch at the time of his assault on a lady. Perhaps his teeth will meet a toilet bowl when he slips attempting to sit down to pee in his cheap motel room somewhere in or around Toronto. 
Kanya is a black man. Lemon is a queer nigger. 
Really hope the useless nigger gets a dose of arse injected death sentence 
I absolutely would have knocked that queer out as soon as he started tearing up those signs like it was safe to do that in front of me. And that retarded stuff? I would have been kicking that fool until he stopped twitching. 
But yet she is a Hypocrite. I use to like her until she became a total cunt. 
I wonder if the jug eared twat is agreeable to his colleagues at the not only being asked to work for nothing, but also being asked To Pay The Bbc for the privilege Time to shut down the scam & 
If He Was In A Muzzie Country. Off THe Rooftop He Would Go! 
It's moronic bullshit to try and claim Trump's actions are treasonous when he's the only one taking any steps at all to oppose the deep state. Yeah his appointments are mostly shit. That's because there's only shit available. The establishment banishes the righteous. Trump thought they would trade greed for patriotism, like him. Retard muted. 
Hulu 'reminding' people? Or what? How about corporations stop fucking threatening people and trying to social engineer the retarded masses, because they're doing a shit job and honestly, this is all for butt hurt pissy minorities, which frankly can all fuck off with their hypersensitive bullshit feelings. 
Go on Canadian television and every second commercial has a nigger in it. And then at least 50% of the commercials are promoting race mixing and mongrels. Whoever pays for television is a cunt 
We Elected A President In 2016, Not A Bunch Of Pussy Faggot Judges. 
Dear little julian. Dont waste my time with your Bs. Just walk away little muzzie loving bitch. Walk the fuck away 
Sputnik News - Russia you fucking retarded cunt 
This faggot cock sucker followed me, he needs to leave moms basement or maybe go back to twatter instant mute of this asshole! 
Hurr durr * victim blaming * hurr durr I am a good person, everybody else is a nazi hurr durr 
Chances of a leftist on here still pretty small. I mostly assumed you are a retard because your Gab was retarded. But admittedly yeah, pretty much on par with the average leftist. 
An aging now irrelevant skater kid from the 90s, part wigger part wannabe anarchist who never grew up. Figures. 
Who does he blame for being a faggot pedophile like his father 
Nigger 
Im glad, you nigger lovin, anti-Confederate, cunt, go to hell bitch 
Who cares what this hateful, feckless cunt thinks. She looked like a corpse at Kavanaugh's hearing. Seriously, look at her, she looked like Mortician from The Munster's. 
If the dude had any more vagina in him, he would cross the border into cunt territory. Could just have called him a cunt, sometimes I just feel like mixing things up a little. 
Update on models killing near Philadelphia in Aug. Note it wasn't a doorknob It was a nigger like I had predicted 
Thirteen years of age is not pedophilia for a nigger. Bucks of that age and younger have already sired several noglets with a variety of sows - and they brag to each other about the number of sowithsprog combos they've ditched. Bear in mind that nigger sows are capable of whelping at age 8, and their gestation period is a month shorter than that of humans. 
Yup. My mother worked in a boys prison for murderers here in Canada and most of the inmates were niglets. She told us these kids were always bragging about how many babies they made with a large number of babymommas. The youngest of these inmates was 11 years old, in for armed robbery, drug dealing and murder. 
Lmao. They’ve already started their shit. I saw this pic online earlier. I almost was going to go as an Indian transgendered princess in black face who has Adhd & a hankering for super rape, but I wanted to be cute instead 
Last time I went in a Halloween shop every blond wig was for a slut or a repulsive hillbilly and every superhero costume featured a non-white kid on the package. Nuns were sluts, too and the priests, I forget, but the costumes were mocking. 
That is so humiliating and pathetic i have no words to describe just how retarded (and disgusting) that is. 
Dyke 
What your posts about owning excessive guns say about you: 
How are you on Gab without knowing their names? That’s why Gab was created: not for freedom of speech lovers, not for patriots. To create a safe haven for white nationalists who get kicked off of other social media platforms for being too racist. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Why should We send even one of our own to Germany to clean up your self made mess? German men need to man up and remove the Muzzie goat humpers, yourselves! 
I know! Y'all need to re-institute the Waffen Ss and go after the fuckers! Start up a game of "Cowboys & Muzzies"! 
This Is Cnn=> Faggot Porch Monkey Don Lemon Brings Up Kanye West’s Deceased Mother to Criticize Trump Meeting (Video) 
What do you call a muslim with a piece of ham on his head? Hammed What do you call a muslim with two pieces of ham on his head? More ham ed What do you call a muslim with two pieces of ham on his head And a vibrator up his arse? Sheik Mohammed! (I heard that joke back in the 80's on itvs breakfast show. David Dimbleby said it, or was it his Dad) 
What do you call a nigger with a PhD and a million dollars? A nigger. 
So then it stands to reason that "that twat in America" has black privilege. 
Already There Reading Your Bile! You Are A Retard! 
PMan's current title ("Jew Lover from Mpc") was acquired from a particularly retarded boomerpoaster here. 
Is this faggot white nationalist child brain ever right about anything other than his mom being ashamed of his birth? 
By calling loli posters demonic then "apologising" for his ignorance and anger, only to later on declare the loli posters are a part of "the conspiracy" Torba is making himself look like a retarded over emotional monkey, a scam artist conning people (boomers being the latest target) out of their money, or both. 
Anyone who alters the poster is a fucking retard and should be gassed immediately 
Those kids can't vote. What part of 68% approval rating don't you understand? You're stuck in a retard fantasy. 
Why do the leftist Fucktards post this silly shit? Only a 2 day old retarded Nigger would believe this stuff! Or a DemocRAT! 
And not one of them went off and the retarded leftists who plotted their false flags didn’t even put postal marks over stamps! 
Please sign my Petition to the so I can get my Petition seen by. Thank you. Please propose Bill against the Islamization in our American Schools Url: 
Pecans, only a faggot nazi think of gay sex first last and always. 
Lol Stop flirting with me fag boy! I'm not gay. 
You! Penis breath. Go suck your nazi boy friend and leave me alone. This is sexual harassment! Help, A Fag Boy Nazi Is Sexually Harassing Me! 
Never lie, you weak faggot 
Hate you need to take your socialist, nazi ass down the road before you find out just how fucked up you can get when you piss off redneck conservative assstompers. Now fuck off you illiterate and ignorant loserboy. 
It's not my fault anti-Semites are so retarded they Tell you to report them to their bosses. I just did what he asked me to do. 
Lol, I give a fuck that I have to see it on my feeds on every social network platform and be reminded how fucking retarded my fellow human is. This causes the dilemma of being unable not to reply out of a glimmer of hope that someone will grow a brain cell and realize it's all bullshit. 
Faggot 
A fucking degenerate faggot who loves jews. Yep, Every Single Time! 
- Go cry to your shit eating faggot friends, you are just as pathetic as the bullshit you post. 
A half nigger liar. 
I would tear his head right off his body. Faggot 
When the two niglet sheboons grow up and either one of them or their nigger boyfriend stabs them they won't be smiling. 
So apparently you can't call a liberal cunt a liberal cunt on twatter without some time out. Oh noes, 12 hours of no twatter. 
At Least Her Ring Finger Is Shorter Than Her Index Finger. Unlike The Last Tranny Freak We Had 
A fucking nigger in the white house, that was disgusting lol 
Another stupid redneck bible thumper, , , , , , the country is crawling with them 
Jesus tap dancing Christ! This faggot race mixing shit is Everywhere! 
Shep is a retarded faggot with Aids. 
Fox is a shithole. 
The only thing worse than a nigger is a gay nigger. 
What about the muslim nigger or the gay muslim? 
Bath House Barry is a worthless cock-gargling oxygen-thieving shit sack who needs to turn in his meat suit and take a dirt nap. 
I'd feed that halfbreed pothead faggot into a wood chipper if somebody would sign the pardon in advance. 
Most notable illegal caravan in History 1620, Plymouth Rock landing Plymouth Ma. When will you be packing up your illegal white family and going back to your country of origin, you racist? 
Haa! You're the one who should be worried. Disrespect has it's consequences here in North America. You'll see, muzzie trash. 
Look at that trashy outdated beard and those played out retarded black glasses. 
How many jews have pagans burned at the stake? 
How many whites have christians burnt at the stake? 
Lol, we're talking about Ci's, thicker then even regular christians. Ci's are some of the most retarded idiots on the planet, all they do is lie & bullshit, thats their entire strategy after their entire evidence for Ci got nuked & Rekt! In the Cq They got Rekt! So hard, they dont even admit theyre christian identerians anymore, top kek. 
Stfu, white israelite occultist 
Ok, I'll just wait here while I'm getting rekt 
You rekt yourself, the minute you called yourself a real white jew. Dumass You pawned your ass good. Lol Keep it up, real white jew. I'll keep owning you anti-white, race traitor, retard tier idiots all day long. Lmao 
Rly, that's what I said? Reading comprehension isn't your thing, is it? 
What a faggot you are, . 
The more the leftists do like this faggot shit, the more the silent majority decides the Democrats must never gain power. 
Faggot In No 
Your Dna already changed to jewish. That is what happens when you are baptized. On a side note, what kind of faggot gives jews the dignity of capitalizing there name? 
Hey Jews, check out this important reminder from Brazil that 11 dead in a faggot dick cutting ceremony is the least of your problems. We are going to take over our government, and when that happens, none of your money, newspapers, or other corruption will save you. Get the fuck out of our country, and leave us alone. Your time is short. 
The absolute mad man 
None of your money? You mean our money. 
Gibson, sorry about that. 
If we ever start winning American public opinion, we're at war with their new host. 10 points to whoever knows who that is. ) 
You win! 
If there's enough of us fighting hard enough, it will be Red Dawn with Chinese troops kicking us into camps like the gulags. I've been expecting this to happen. 
Lol! It's that crying Nazi fag. 
The moslem must fuck off earth Sanz Into outer space Sanz 
Jair is a and loves the of brazil. He hates people like you. 
^^^ Chad Post ^^^ 
You're the kind of ass that gets awesome sites like Gab shut down. 
Shut up kike, your time is short. 
I'm not a kike, I just know a moron when I see one. And considering the fact this is still a free speech site, I'm calling you out for being an ignorant dick. 
You clearly are a kike, functionally if not genetically. 
No cupcake, Jews are what get awesome sites shut down. 
Forget the charges just shoot the Cunt or bury it alive under 10ft of Pigshit if you are screamish! 
In Alabama there was a judge who was falsely accused of rape. It pissed off a lot of conservatives. The Senate election was in an off year when nigger turnout is usually low. He lost anyway. 
Must be muzzie 
The Jewish people have said that Hollywood is theirs. Can any of you deny that they are the masters of Hollywood, where sex, lesbianism, homosexuality and violence are promoted? Louis Farrakhan 
Lol at rednecks quoting Farrakhan’s puke. 
Broken clocks are right twice a day. Muslims do kill Jews and faggots. 
Lol, nazis are retards 
Fuck off kikesucker 
Lol nazitardation is real. 
Fuck off and die faggot kikesucker 
Hey cunt, go parrot elsewhere, stay stupid for all i care, you weren't worth trying to break out of the parroting in the first place 
Yea preg wetback women going thru the desert, getting tied up on rape trees, with little water has nothing to do with them having more miscarriages, must be Whitey's fault. Also black/brown women have shorter normal pregs 
He needed to just turn around punch that cunt in her pussy kicker. 
Yes, and non sequitur why? Did you learn this from your little nigger tier bhagwan Anglin. This is what passes for kike wisdom now a days, pathetic. 
Yet Another fat, stupid, commie, bull dyke oinks out: 
I haven't been on gab much lately. If you can no longer see a post you replied to, does that mean the person blocked you? Because if so, Lol, I got some "Dna don't real! " faggot real fucking mad. 
Who in their right mind would live in that faggot and immigrant infested city? 
Ayo Hol Up, Das Da Pussy Ass Whiteboi Who Voted For Trump, Get His Ass what do? 
Roll up into a ball, insert buttplug, and mew softly -G. McInnes 
Lol. So what you're saying is that the other four have had more sense to listen to faggot boy and turn themselves into the pigs? Thanks for the update. 
That's the thing, we outnumber the idiots, we have to start speaking out by saying Stfu retard when they spout off. 
No you aren't far right. You're a far left socialist of the National variety. Too dumb to be indoctrinated with Marxism so self indoctrinated with National Socialism instead. Most normal gays can't stand the militant Lgbt movement either. You'd know that if you talked to them lol 
He's just Trolling. He knows the facts. He's seen our arguments. I can't say what his beliefs are, but. He's just saying this shit to get you triggered. And it's working. 
You aren't calling me an Idiot are you? I just made an observation^) I'm inclined to agree with you that hates White people, but one can Troll without letting their true beliefs show. 
Why would I hate NatSocs and not whites in general? Is this a serious question? Like saying why would I hate white paedophiles and not whites in general. I hate them for their ridiculous ideology as most white people do. There was a war to get rid of it remember. Fought mainly by white people. Did they hate white people too then? Bloke! You are too idiotic to waste more time on lol 
HaHa How many times have I told these freaks that I'm not Jewish? I've also never met a Jew as far as I know so not in love with them. I simply don't hate Jews which in your feeble twisted mind means I Must love them. 
Calm down. Or am I Trolling the Troll^) Ok, then. You claim to not be a Jew, nor to love them. Then why are your knickers in such a twist because some White People can see the historical and current (pattern? Not everyone who dislikes the Jews is a NatSoc. 
They aren't. A tiny minority of white people hate Jews for no reason whatsoever. I came here to promote my book which isn't about Jews and Nazis. If they want to come to me with their bullshit then they will get it back twice as hard lol 
Sounds like you’d go out of your way to suck kike dick faggot 
Gotta keep up appearances, eh mate? 
Hehe 
Faggot birds get what they deserve. 
Nigger Fucking Cunt Should Be Slit Open From Stem To Stern 
Wait - did she fuck a nigger or a Klingon? 
On the bright side, her rotten genetics can now be spotted from a block away. Here's what needs to happen, at least to begin with: 
I sincerely doubt that this liberal cunt paid attention in history class. 
Just how many more escaped convicts are running about and claiming "asylum". Why is there No criminal check - Oh wait, All the asylum seekers are innocent persecuted people "think of the children", the litany chanted by the open boarders retarded loonys. Rapists and murderers flock to safe haven Uk! 
For being a terrorist supporting cunt 
Another reason to kill them all 
Muhammad is a fucking ass faggot pedophile, just like all of you and your kind are! Mohamed is a nigger demon faggot! You will die! 
Only the Jew knew that by an able and persistent use of propaganda, heaven itself can be presented to the people as if it were hell and, vice versa, the most miserable kind of life can be presented as if it were paradise. ~ Mein Kampf, The Collapse of the Second Reich 
Fuck off commie kike faggot 
Nigger lover 
Dave they already made videos about how not wanting a chick with a dick or a guy with a cunt is transphobic that was so last year 
At what point do I take the chains off this 7ft overalls wearing hay throwing redneck and let him eat communist ass for dinner? 
Have you heard Kamala Harris talk? She's all attitude with no brains. She's a typical nigger teacher. She probably thinks this is no different than schooling children and she's "totes killing it". She must be sub 90 Iq. 
HaHa Pointing out that most people who win the lottery would leave work, buy a nice car and go on holiday is now "enforing Jewish culture" to this Oracle Of All Wisdom. Starting to wonder if there's anything that Isn'T promoting Jewish culture to the mentally ill. Even killing Jews he'll say is promoting their victimhood culture I reckon. 
The problem with Cascadia is that it fucking rains 8 months a year nonstop. I did enjoy living in an America that is Nigger free but I found an even better place to do that. 
Did 23& me give her that 4% nigger Dna too? 
Anon: >"problematic" >goblins are metaphors for jews Where do they get such wild ideas like this. Also I love that they're being retarded enough to name themselves. 
The article, to its credit, actually is a pretty good explanation of the meme. Also, it underscores how retarded Twitter is. The guy's example of why Twitter "had to" take action was an account that said the incorrect election day. That was seriously considered "election tampering. " Xd 
I would like to thank the Bbc and the Itv for giving us a new game to play. " It's called spot the nigger in newscasts and adverts. " 
- Oregon Oct. 24-"Police witnessed the fight, in which [Straight Minstrel] menaced 44-yr-old [homo] with a Guitar. [Then Straight guy] and his dog assaulted [fag] who sought treatment for minor injuries". 
Typical faggot wanting attention, i hope he got blasted by that guitar wwe style. 
- According to report, faggot got only "minor injuries". The homo was "gay baiting" a group of 4 friends in a public place- fag wanted to get hurt. 
Fucking commie faggot 
The biblical jews were wiped out by the romans in the roman jewish wars. Now we have nothing but antichrists to deal with Revelations 3 9 Behold, I will make those of the synagogue of Satan who say that they are Jews and are not, but liebehold, I will make them come and bow down before your feet, and they will learn that I have loved you. 
You’re wrong and if you were right you still sound like a retard trying to wrestle someone’s else’s god away from them when it wasn’t even the god of your own people 
Lol it's not his god, that would be Baal. Are you one of them wanna be pagan subversives? 
Calling someone a subversive is the same as rage quiting. The first rule of debating another white nationalist is the first person to call the other person a shill, kike, fed etc loses 
The goal of white nationalism is putting our people over everything. Something Christians are unwilling to do 
There where no jews in central and northern europe until your christians allowed them safe passage. 
> Irish pagans adopted islam instead of fighting it. Why do you lie? Why do you need to come up with this bullshit? Pakis are in the Uk and Ireland because both liberal and conservative parties(Including christians) fought tooth and nail to bring them over to the Isles. 
The statue of limitations ran out. She lied for political reasons since she is involved with the abortion pill. She is a Liar! She is a thief since she took $750, 000 from the mentally retarded that do not comprehend the Dnc's intentions. He isn't on trial. It is a job interview! 
I did run across a translator for nigger speak 
No we hate christianity cause it's jewish and it's leaders are jews isrealites samaritians and whatever else that is in the not so holy kike book, it's a desert sand nigger Ideology, That is not European 
Are you the same brain damaged moron that showed up last time? Go away I don't feel like listening to your psycho babble. Sorry retard you'll have to go bother someone else tonight 
What a fucking moronic meme! Niggers have different blood types than humans, and they die each year because they don't bother to donate blood of their own types. Yt blood types aren't compatible with nigger monkey blood types, so a nigger with sickle cell monkey blood who needs a transfusion is shit out of luck unless the hospital has some in stock. 
Why are supposedly intelligent people waiting for Jack to sack them? I'll tell you; Muh Followers Well I got nrws for you boss. Fuck your followers. If you have something to say; say it. If its interesting, people will read it. End of story. Twitter is for leftist scumbags. They Dont Want You. You look like a punk if you stay. Act like a man. 
There's this faggot 
Yeah that's the thing though. Trolling magapedes just isn't as much fun. Feels too much like picking on downies. 
Congrats Nazis, on showing the Jews who’s superior. You bunch of retarded fucking cocksuckers have proven that nobody likes you and in doing so have send a blow back on those of us who enjoy uncensored speech. 
Can we have a "I voted for this Cunt last time" option on ballots too? 
Everyone in Tennessee has disowned this cunt. That's just like everybody up where Shania Twain is from and Canada told her to get fuckung lost and not come back they all knew slutty cunt when they see one 
They're nigger Americans. You can even see it on my black-and-white screen. Get over yourself, you colourblind human being. 
Another faggot playing the victim card this ladyboy is a pissant 
Ladies, I need your help. I’m 5’1 tall, 46 years old and 20 pounds too heavy. Please give me your dieting advice. Thanks in advance, Short Pudgey Rachel. 
I would never visit such a retarded group of self important old hens. * search shows all posts being made live. Gab is a free speech site. Get used to it. 
Retarded is mistaking my post for dating advice. But Fine Judge, I’m retarded which beats retarded, shallow and mean every day of the week. Good Day SIr. 
Another 20 laps, cupcake. 
Odd, but true: cupcake is my nickname in real life because I am so damn sweet. The nickname is sarcastic. Maybe you’re not retarded afterall? 
Only one way to be sure - 60, 000+ posts. Get reading! 
I see Gab is starting to experience a nigger problem as well. No probs - if we can shit porn spamming kikes out, we can shit porn spamming niggers out. 
And stop trying to be edgy faggot 
Why is this jew dyke talking about daughters 
Eh go fuck yourself dude, thanks you faggot ass bitch 
I like guest shows because it is more entertaining radio. It also cuts down the number of retarded callers allowed to speak, and when people do call, it's on the subjects being talked about. 
How fucking retarded must you be to actually think this? 
You sound like a fucking loser lurking around on an alt media site when your wife isn’t home to fight Nazis. What a faggot cuckold little bitch. 
Their tears make me happy. Keep on crying you friggin dumb shits. And who's the faggot in the striped shirt? 
Yes, it's a part of the promise of Trump he is getting ready to release 51, 000 Deep State treason indictments and when the Swat teams come busting down doors (cough cough Hillary, Anderson Cooper, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Whoopi Goldberg, etc) he expects that we may need a national level state of emergency with the National Guard on the ground and drones in the air since commies will likely be burning shit to the ground in retarded over-reactions. So it was a test to make sure the oval office can reach all non-treasonous Us citizens with safety instructions when he finally goes full fascism on their asses. You keep calling a guy Hitler you may be creating a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
Cute little faggot 
Healthy Conversation? Twitter Takes No Action As Louis Farrakhan Calls Jews ‘Termites’ via 
Go get 'em nigger! 
Of course, nigger criminals getting relative slaps on the wrist for heinous crimes is not new and I don't doubt for a moment one of "our guys" would get life without parole for killing someone who objectively deserved it. That's anarcho-tyranny. 
Gay ass nigger sucking Plecotomus. 
How many what? How many gay faggot ass nazis like Mr. Hanky RearEnd will I let live with me? Oh, they can come see me. Come See Me. 
Expel his muzzie sick ass, To The Curb. 
Are you attempting to suggest you are a Nigger with a White, blue-eyed blonde? The favourite tactic of the Left. 
There is a reason Niggers were enslaved. Too stupid for anything but manual labour. The perfect slave. 
Woah. You call me a faggot but your bio is my organization’s moto. Lol you believe the same thing as those you call fags! 
Maybe they are only butt pirates or corn hole drillers. 
Well, they all speak truth this election Is a tipping point, and both sides are not equal. But not Their way. Fortunately, I already have zero idea who any of these idiots are. (And I'm not sure it wasn't parody; look at the date, and seriously, a dicks-out-for-Hillary joke? The Left has gotten so crazy, they're walking talking Poe's Law) But I love the top-voted comment; says it all when it comes to leftard celebrity endorsements: "Genius idea, Get the people losing their jobs and in huge amounts of debt to vote for Hillary, by having a bunch of millionares talk down to them. What could possibly go wrong? " 
Oh my word, Rez, I didn't even check the date. Still, I suspect they haven't gotten any less retarded since then. Very good comment you quoted there. It's a good thing Americans didn't have to experience what it would've been like to have Victimary as president. 
I cant imagime beind told in a lie I'm of sandnigger or nigger heritage. 
Aussie faggot 
Fuck off communist aussie faggot 
Why the fuck would you, Even consider using something from those Sand nigger fucks 
I'd much rather see intelligent blacks go back to an African nation and make a place for others like them. I don't hate them. I do hate niggers. This kid isn't one. 
My sentiments are similar. I've been around a number of coons that should make their race proud (uncle T'oms) but niggers rule nigger society 
Like fuck. We have 7 million jews and 7 million jew mongrels, , , , , in every segment of our society they have spread like locusts. No other country has that 
Spread like locusts? Lol As usual you dead enders ride the carousel of ignorance. You haven't a clue as to how many Jews there are in the Usa because the last Census was taken in 2010 and the next won't be out till 2020. Jews aren't even considered a race as much as they are an ethno-religious group. The fastest growing groups in the Usa were Asians and Hispanics and now we have a fast growing nest of Muslims infiltrating many States. Don't be scared, the Jews aren't going to do anything to hurt you. Now the Muslims? That's a different story. 
Typical redneck bible thumper. Everyone except you knows that 2% of the population is total jew. 7 million others are infected with the virus 
Says the retarded Npc. Go back Dorseyland. His Poz-hole puckered ass is waiting for you. 
You keep your totalitarian bullshit socialism with speech and thought control, i will keep my free market capitalism and freewill 
Have fun with your nigger neighbors 
Glad you're downvoted so heavily here. This isn't jewbook or themtube. Fuck you cunt 
I doubt it, cunt 
Who does that hmm bradley cooper? Charlize theron this cunt long slack jaw cunt jennings 
You are thankful that the Usa blesses the people that actually work to destroy it? Seems to me if you wanna be destroyed, all you got to do is think the Jews are some sort of "chosen people" instead of the lying parasites that they really are, they take plenty advantage to destroy the nations they are apart of. Evangelicals? They already have kosher goys. 
That's faggot talk. 
No. The words were read with faggot eyes and interpreted by your faggot brain. Thanks for coming out homo 
Lol, yeah America is blessed with $20 trillion in debt due to jew-bankers, pornography of every kind produced by jewish directors, jew-hollywood movies promoting sodomy and transexuality, plus opiate addictions from jew-run pharma companies, plus waves of nigger crime thanks to the jew-run slave trade in the 1800's. 
You're one megalomaniac Sob, not quite different from the retarded SJWs and Marxist academics. Fuck You, Fuck You Big Time 
A retarded idiot, worthless arrogant ignorant. In charge of "science" group. It must be as every bit retarded as you are. Garbage person, garbage group. 
Around bowling balls & blacks, don't relax. 
We shouldn't have to be around these animals. Segregation now! 
We would be better off if the coloreds never existed. 
That's the truth! 
Amen to that NCgal! The nigger is nothing but problems 
Nice word control, thirsty nigger man 
Well his fat ugly mug is known now mate. Lots of German lads with baseball bats around. Accidents can happen when you're a fat twat walking down a long flight of stairs ) 
Wanted me to tell you this. "Stfu kike. This jew has me muted. Someone please let it know I have my oven set to clean and it needs to stop by. " 
The kike was trying to convince the evil White goyim that infinity nigger was totes cool. 
You stated the Altright tone was victim like the left, and amazing how many of their tones are similar, remember? The difference is the Altright (White men) have a reason to speak up due to real exploitation, while the left, women are merely doing it to exploit others. And then I pointed out how retarded your statement was, then we all laughed at you. Good times! 
What the actual fuck the british military have gone full retard 
Second action I have for you player characters: automobiles- Basic scene of an epsilon white bitch male & his nigger ho laughing and smiling and twirling about and so on and so on while on a road trip. They likely were thinking about Shaniqua using the strap-on that night on her pathetic bf. Folks, Jap cars are better, and made with more pride- 
Arron rodgers doesnt have a superman cape, detroiters see the faggot that he is, like 50 said, "pop tart nigga, hard on the outside soft on the inside" 
1. Maybe he is a retard 2. This is the 'humor' section 3. You call people dummies for commenting on someone throwing sparks in a 'no smoking' area? If this were a serious post, something of importance, go for it, but it is not. Personally, I think he Is a few bricks short of a load. Thank you, CHRIsTIANsoldier for your kind input into the post. No back to our regularly scheduled funny post. 
Parents Outraged After Drag Queen Named Jessica L’Whor Speaks at Middle School For Career Day Sums up how fucked up the "school" system really is. What career does this freak even have! Lol 
The number one occupation for transvesites and transgenders is sex working. They also have a 40% suicide attempt rate. So how evil does a parent, a school, a political group or movement have to be to push this severe mental disorder onto innocent little kids and try to force the world to accept this as healthy and normal? Your kids or grandkids no matter what you have to do or sacrifice. 
Don't just be livid. Go into the school and tell the principal he's a faggot and then ask him why the school's test scores are so low and then call him a faggot again. And then do that every day. Make his life living hell. 
I would Love to troll these morons by dressing up as Hitler and sieg heiling them! You can bet antifa would be there in minutes, cops standing by just watching and then Abc would write a stupid article about it lol. These radical lefties take everything so seriously, no wonder they can't meme and write retarded posts where the irony goes right over! 
Hey nigger, 600, 000 white men fuckin Died for your dumb ass, get the fuck over it, cunt 
Directions to the special needs school I bet. However, it isn't legal anymore to shoot a nigger in the back running away from you. You can only shoot them after they break in. The sad fact is that the old white guy will be convicted. The stupid nigger kid will sue and get a huge amount of money. 
Faggot should be beaten to death. 
Faggot 
Yep, still just retarded faggotry. 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Damn, and here I was hoping it was Aids. 
Corrected for errors it reads "someone chopped my dick up, and turned it inside out and stuffed it inside my taint and i call it a vagina and dress up in women's clothes and make a doggone retard out of myself" 
It's a mental disorder and it's best to talk about it in those terms. Gender Dysphoria. 
Fresh and new science pussy 
Don[na]'s just upset about Faggot marriages being disavowed. 
Trump has to kiss the jew ass because the normie retard public cant face that the rat fks run everything and hate them, yet. 
Nigger 
Democrats do not have logic! They are all Retarded! Democrats are all Retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons. Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place. Most immigrants fall into this category. The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling. They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function. Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet. They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive. All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway. They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction. Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather. They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains! 
Too much drama about this, it's getting ridiculous. Some even said the alert was a "mental rape", like if it couldn't be ignored easily like any other crap on email, facebook, sms, etc But people are doing all this retarded drama Bs 'attack', because it is Trump, anything that helps their agenda and support their braindead desease it is good. 
Yes, we hear you loud and clear. Now please tell others at the Twat to come over here at Gab. Cernovich, Stealth Jeff, Rex Imperator, Undercover Huber. 
Fuck U U Flat Faced Alcoholic Shitskin Injun 
If you're a filthy red nigger savage, then yes, you dont get a say. Imo. 
Jewish faggot 
Patriotards are literally too retarded to realize that Fema sending forced alerts to your phone shouldn't be something to celebrate or laugh about. Yeah Ha Ha Ha Ha your personal device is now a Zionist loudspeaker. If you thought the "presidential alert" thing of yesterday was just really funny, please unfollow me and kill yourself. 
They cheered to john bolton, nikki haley and now lindsay graham they went full retard a long time ago 
It's shocking alright. A year ago nobody took him seriously, throw a maga hat on him and some of you be like yo, fuck my race. Muh nigger lovers. 
Why on earth are people making big fucking deal with Tommy Robinson with army he is not far right he like all of has normal person jealous because he has friend and not the new media that away around Isis supports cunt s get life and leave him a lone the army love Tommy Robinson and he love s the army he doing fuck all wrong 
Boring 'spartacus' cooker - we need full fbi plus a public hanging for the faggot moron 
I personally think that shit is gross but you’re doing this for money otherwise you’d have been dropping ban hammers for the last two years. You’re one of the most dishonest people I’ve seen online. Lose weight too btw. Doughy faggot lmao 
Someone needs to nail your despicable As to a tree! Why don't you go away you piece of human sewage! We don't need moral degenerates on Gab! This keeps people away that have a functioning brain! 
I dare those retarded Antifa witches (gawd it sounds like a dumb term Chris-chan would make up) to try to hex me. I bet they don't even have the balls to do so, because I'm effeminate but I'm still manlier than an Antifa witch like this soyboy Npc. 
Who? You mean that half nigger kid right? 
Obzeen stands with Dyke Chink activists 
How much is this gonna cost to keep this cunt locked up, should, be been taken to a barn, hung upside down, skinned! Then had organ, s removed while still alive 
: Carry cans of food. Everyone I Am Serious! - carry a sturdy strap handled, flexible Cloth bag with a 28 oz or more. One can. If they go chimmuzzie on you, everyone fuck them up. Together. Blunt force trauma works. Aim for the head. Kill them London is lost to normies. The knife attacks? Fuck your retarded pig-cock slurping muzzie fagmayor. 
Not even trying to hide it anymore. But wait some faggot will put us at ease in 3, 2, 1. 
What kind of retarded nonsense is this! 
Fuck off you lying shitbag good for nothing yid cunt 
Another faggot beating girls 
Da man or da ho need money sanz before they have chitlin, so we breeding with rich diseased Jews reaping retarded children 
You faggot. Run along and suck off Rod Rosenswine, bagel nigger 
Your insane hate consumes you cunt 
Lmfao. The ignorant cunt speaks. Nigger & kike are the extent of her vocabulary. Priceless. Again. Cunt 
Deport the head, toss the rest in a woodchipper. Will save allot of money on airfare, I also doubt any of the worthless faggot normies will try and stop them. No one really wants to virtual signal for a severed head. 
Bwahaha. Man, I hate those retarded chants - they really got on my nerves with that football type slogan. 
Faggot Oliver Darcy is now going after the great Lou Dobbs 
The most vile wicked hag in the world is calling for uncivilized actions by democrats. It's already happening too. Somehow the cunt is still speaking. She just won't go away. 
Heimdallr the White played by a nigger. 
Filthy Nigger bastards. It's the Jews who are the ones making these tv shows and movies though 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
Trudeau is nothing more that a faggot freakazoid with out two properly functioning brain cells to rub together to form a single intelligent origional well reasoned thought of his very own I think his momma had one of those failed abortions. Maybe he can get his very own post-birth-abortion and fix that! 
Now that We have the Supreme court. Faggot/dyke marriages will soon be a thing of the past. Faggot/dyke adoptions will be made illegal. Gone will be this idea that there is more than 2 genders. We will send these faggots and dykes back into the closet. 
Yeah I sure hope so. I wish there was a way to repeal Roe V. Wade, except for Niggers 
O do I. Abortions should alwys be legal for the nigger. We should also sterilize nigger sows. 
Jack Dorsey is the nigger of the world 
A lot of drink and thought, the possibilities alas no cunt 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
Yeah, because you bring Such a compelling argument to Gab! Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
Try reformatting that sentence, as grammatically it makes no sense at all. This is what happens when you smoke pot and skip school, you end up as trash. Well done, you’re a credit to your tribe. 
Yeah, as I’m not afraid to admit, I’m scared of heights so I’ll never be able to lower myself down to your level. 
Hitler is His role model. Lol 
Fyi: Hitler is every thinking person's role model 
Omg, just lol. Well, we’ll treat you just as good as Hitler treated his chosen enemies then. I’ll do it with a smile, just to make you feel better. You’re loved ones? Nah, they’ll get the real Hitler treatment! 
So basically typical Jewish-Ritual-Murder like always? Aka "Blood Libel" 
So are you a commie faggot or what? "comrade" 
Safe-space crybabies are abundant on both the Lunatic Left and the Retard Right. The only difference is the people they deem "unclean" 
What a nigger faggot kike 
A punk ass nigger ruined another good man's life. 
Don’t taunt redneck children 
Same fucking thing moron You got a lot to learn retard 
The average American is pretty much retarded in that on the one hand they would recoil at the thought of being joined at the hip to a foreign country but on the other hand they think Israel is like the 51st state or something and thus are an exception. 
I'm annoyed with a lot of what Kessler has said and done. But he's not ethnically Jewish. This is a specific phenotype of Appalachia. There are half a million White men in that region that look just like that. Are all of them kikes? How retarded are people? 
That's our founding stock. We didn't get the mega chunk of Germans like you guys did mid-19th century (although we did get some Germans. So we stayed light hearted and larrikin. Didn't stop us from getting, taken over by the juden and flooded with muds though. 
Well yea. They rewrote the whole script so Lancelot was a faggot and there was numerous lancing jokes and rainbow flags, rainbow tights, and more innuendo than I care to remember. You don't remember that? 
Jack is a fuckin faggot cuck. Don’t expect any one thing out of his pussy carcass 
Faggot 
Nigger please! 
Another dyke id like to see die a bloody torturous painful death! 
Lmao, look at this retard trying to protect his buddies Putin and Assad while prancing around with the handle "LibertyRevolutionary. " He's 100% American, trust me! Lmao Lololol 
There are plenty of legitimate criticisms of Trump but I haven't seen any evidence that he can reliably be given credit for anything the Fbi does. I get that you guys are upset but slow down and think for a second before you weaponize leftist propaganda in service to your high time preference and recidual agorism. If I was a conspiracy minded guy (and I'm not saying I'm not), I'd say this thing with Ram is inauthentic coordinated action between the Fbi and the media to remind voters of Charlottesville in an attempt to tip the mid-terms to Democrats. If that's the case, black pilling people on voting Republican would be a retarded reaction. Rewarding bad behavior and malicious collusion with the objective of its performance is usually a good way to make sure it happens again. 
And the battered whore defends her pimp 
Is he lying faggot? U essentially silenced someone for noticing things. Ur a straight brainwashed dipshit. He proposed an idea. You Silence Ur a communist 
Or it could just be a retard with a keyboard. 
Hmm gab is a christian site? Wow how ill informed of a retard can you be the entire point of gab is it is supposedly censorship free on a macro level the entire ethos of gab is if You the user dont like seeing something you mute it but anyone can post damn near anything as long as it is legal somewhere so saying it is a "christian site is bullshit and at the least a lie at most a deliberate fucking lie 
It can be dangerous to be a faggot attention seeker. It's bad for one's health on multiple levels. Isn't it better to be just plain, normal? Shitstabbing is unnatural. 
Is the Welsh faggot sitting pn ol'Steptoe's cock? Mind you he'll enjoy that! 
Freezing cold take on ol m8 Wallace there cunt 
Do Not sit by, people, and let a damn nigger agitator on the $20: , nigger criminal, has a legend about her that is rather mythological. She's a negro who helped fellow niggers escape slavery. Yawn. Thank the Whites for the 13th Amendment- 
Faggot 
It means some faggot on the internet lmao 
Sand nigger 
Cunt cunt cunt cunt Lol! 
(𝘓: "You're just LARPing as a nAhTzEe. Things get very real, very fast" This snarky, soy-slurping faggot has no idea how real it's going to get when we finally go full fash and take out the trash. I'm impatiently waiting, and will be ready for when it does, but I'm not too sure he's gonna know what to do other than assume the fetal position, of course. 
This from a holohoax myth keeper? You are quite conflicted. A retard throwing retard stones? 
A cunt that speaks: 
She's retarded 
You can bet Soros had something to do with it, someone needs to put that old interfering cunt out of his misery. 
Nigger culture is Jew inspired, as is white culture. We need someone who can infuriate all races against the Zionist. 
The whiniest goyest dog is still better than and smarter than all of the Wbc because it's members protest at funerals. Wbc = retarded hideous monsters. 
Well he used the nigger on more then one way. He used them to slap the south in the face once they called his bluff to him on freeing them. Thats why he only freed them in the south before the war broke out. He then hid behind them and used them as an ethics topic as a way to try to keep other countries from helping the south. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
She’s a spoiled little no talent cunt 
Let me guess. A fat ugly (fugly) dyke And A less fugly man in drag (pervert) 
This Not Racial Moron Go Away, U lose argument because u don't know the argument exists cause you're retarded then you embarrass me in front of Him 
Lying nigger, go figure 
Hmmm. I wonder if Moonman could do something with that - lying nigger - go figure. 
You are a stalker, you worthless cunt 
The "Lets honor a lying cunt " award 
They missed the pic of the mountie carrying luggage across the border for illegal nigger freeloaders, and the pic of the diaperhead mountie and the one wearing the hijab. 
There Is No Shame In BEInG A White RACIsT! I gladly admit to being a White racist. Oh how their jaws drop when I tell them that. But when they have had their fill of Nigger crime and Muslim terror they will be ready to join the New Order and we will have swastika armbands, pins and flags ready for them, because we are expecting a big crowd! 
She kept going back until they finally picked her. She's the geeky retard in gym class that is always the last to be picked for someone's softball or volleyball team. But when you get down the last one. 
I guess that was the only way the faggot could win. Still I laugh at him! Transgender Woman Becomes First Ever World Champion in Women’s Cycling 
Alright, so fucking finally I got my account disabled by Zuccthecucc. I know that some data still goes to him, but who cares about those retarded zionists? 
Never Enough for the sodomite: Time Magazine has to have a faggot section for so he can feel Proud of liking penis in his anus. It's Never Enough. It is in our faces 24/7. And that nasty little shafting faggot wants to tell me it's all in my head. Pages and pages of mainstream media Faggot articles. I made it all up. 
Makes sense, biden is a pedo faggot. 
Yeah really, this isnt the first time. Needs to put some kind of Nsfl or something in front of pics like these. Not Safe For Lunch! Also all pictures of the cunt and the mulatto should also be censored. Some of us just dont ever want to see their ugly mugs again. 
The Gop is spinning up a narrative about "mob violence" to scare their voters into turning out for the midterms. They haven't done anything about the mob in two years except use it as fodder in their campaign ads 
The strategy here is to harness the backlash among cucked suburban Republicans over Kavanaugh and the anger of the Republican base over Antifa to boost Gop turnout in the midterms 
And you have less than zero plan or power to enact your nothing plan. And to be honest, you're too dumb to have any say in anything real. So enjoy getting raped to death by niggers. 
We're all going to get raped to death. Because Jeff Flake isn't a senator anymore. Lol 
I expected more out of the methnostate. Hey guys, when we win Brad's not invited, he'll just cry for gibs like a nigger, his type always does. 
If you want to be a cheerleader for Paul Ryan and his policies, fine. Just don't pretend that these people have anything to do with us or that they haven't actually explicitly endorsed and supported Antifa 
I don't have a habit of associating with niggers tbh. Ever watch a nigger riot? Ever pay attention to their lines? Because they are laughably 100% identical to yours. 
Are you supporting Based Kanye West when he runs for office? 
Well there's one undeniable fact when it comes to nigger strategy over white strategy. Success. 
Brazil has a serious. Deadly serious problem that more than likely will drag it down into the cesspool of nigger civilization. Brazil is more of an african nation than an American nation because there are more than 80 million blacks living there. 
I'd heard Dobbs used to be with Cnn But never knew why the switch Thanks Wait Michelle Maulkin was a Kenyan Faggot Fan? 
Wow 30 seconds of chunk and he proves he is a twat 
Hahahaha what a faggot lmao someone nuke us already 
This women shows why muzzie men prefer to hump goats. And goats smell better. 
Great disinfo faggot 
Jp Is A Cowardly Cuck Faggot Who Sucks Jew Balls. 
Now that LibTURD women relate to Muzzies they, too, can go through a Muzzie Mutilation to ensure they never get any Sexual Gratification 
It’s true. Bunch of racist fascist trump supporting retarded sheep on here 
Anyone who prefers to remain under Jewish slavery rather than work with other groups to free themselves, must either be retarded or Jewish troll. 
A Limey Paki 
This picture angers me always i get infiorated this pos muslim muther fucker faggot commie 
Looks like a soy boy faggot 
Remember Liberal women have the brains of a retarded gnat. 
Fucking retarded. Anyone that would spend that much on some blue paint is Fucking Retarded! , , ! , , o. O, , ! , , 
Clever non-white mutants ruled by jews! You know you are winning when the niggers, beaners, gooks are starving by the millions with nothing but whigger the other whyte meat left to eat! 
The media is pushing for Hate Speech, Pre-Crime legislation for people who exhibit anti-semitic rhetoric. And you know what? They'll probably get it because retarded White Radical types either commit, or are framed for, Violence. Problem - Reaction - Solution. 
If you excuse in any way what's happening to gab cuz of the actions of Robert Bowers, like this faggot is passively doing here, you're legitimizing the enemy's narrative and only helping them. You either think what he did offers the kikes a legitimate excuse to shut us down or you don't. There's no middle ground here. 
A finger in the cunt 
Said Meme is inaccurate, the Bottom Pic should Depict the Criminals with Twice the Amount of Arsenal, at their Disposal, as i'm sure that Half the Confiscated Guns from Law Abiding Whites, would End Up Sold on the Black Market, & into the Nigger Hoods they'd go. 
Since when do you call a muzzie a man, they're nothing but low-life animals. 
In otherwords you're a faggot who is into beastiality. Absolutely degenerate. 
I say we 'knock off' this evil cunt and be done with it. 
This white faggot looks blissed out standing between those two savages. Something very wrong with this creepy white homo. Any negros that ever get this close to me are facing a serious pipe down. 
Tooootally missed the point there but alright. At any rate, what exactly are you gonna do about the evil gays hm? Or the Jews? I’m cool with them, too. Some people consider me one. Which is quite entertaining, I must add. I’m dating one, but me? I ain’t Jewish by my standards. Not that I mind being grouped up with them, though! 
Faggots/Dykes/Trannies/Genderfuckoffs all to be sent to a mental institution. Jews to be removed from our soil under threat of force. But of course you do not mind being grouped with Jews. You are as degenerate as they. 
As you are a sick, degenerate faggot who likes pooper-chutes. Buh bye. 
In the future, all our food will be in pill form. This means our bodies will no longer be required to expel waste solids which means we will gradually evolve into beings without assholes. What will faggots do then? 
Dimwitted twat Alyssa Milano is happy as long as the Left is winning the "cultural battle" She's surrounded by priveleged Hollywood assholes who all think like her so she thinks she's winning something. 
Snoop Nigger Dogg looks like he's got the Aids from his Liberal Satanic Lifestyle (one Too many Crack Hoe's. 
The cis-het white man is the nigger of the world. According to demographic projections, he's expected to be a minority. But its okay for everyone else to pile on because majoritarianism, right? 
Yes yes yes, this piece of shit is a Catholic, has a wife and 4 grown children, runs around with Farrakhan shit trying to promote Islam. He is a piece of shit. A godless half breed nigger is all one can say. Hack em and puncher Mohamed, eh, Kieth Ellison, I am sure your sons and daughters, your ex wife are very prowl of you, trying to rise to power. Your done, even if these dumb ed down fellow Minnesotan vote for your worthless godless ass, . Wake up Minnesota, wake the fuk up. 
You're not white you a fucking retard 
Intelligent black teen does not like blacks. Ever notice that the more intelligent a person is the more they do not like blacks? Coincidence? No, blacks are loud, rude and our system has given them the right to be obnoxious. This teenage girl is just stating the obvious and although this is a stupid kike show promoting garbage it does show us something that we should all think about the kike and black question. Black teen says she's white & trashes black people in viral Video 
Bullshit. Every university in America is rife with super intelligent professors who love black people and hate white people. Including mostly white professors, who teach white students to hate white people. To truly hate black people, and i mean Truly hate them, you have to have had to grow up with them, go to school with them, work with them, go to the same grocery store as them, and see them walking around with and eating with attractive white women. You just can’t get away from them. They’re moving into small towns. White women from small towns and suburbs go to college, get pregnant by a nigger, then drop out and move back home to the all white town, while the little nigger goes to school with the white kids, acts white bc he’s only around whites, then the small town white kids think they’re harmless, small town girls who think they’re harmless, get pregnant by a nigger, move back home to white small town and cycle repeats itself over and over again. 
Trust me those professors are not intelligent. I have challenged them many times in Yahoo Answers then twatter then whatever. I have yet to see anything intelligent coming out of them. They always and I mean always need to rely on censorship. All I need to do is pull out the very basics in philosophy and that is it, they are toast lol. 
& cunt again! 
Again, I don't see it that way. There are a lot of good ideas from it. Mgtow is basically the "well shit, I want to have a family. But laws are incentivizing women to leave, women want to be tinder thots and suck nigger dick and take my money. Let's group as a community to discuss it. " 
I know that women are not civilization builders, same as blacks. I dont feel the need to discuss the little intracacies of their character in my politics. It's ok as a passing topic but in my head I always bring it back to what the Jews have done not women or men 
"Together, we will take stock of the main challenges faced by the Jewish and Muslim Communities in Europe today. And together, we will explore solutions, from the fight against hate crime and hate. " - Cunt Timmermans 
Iran is a theocracy. The mullas are in charge. Islamic police are one example of their power. Women must be covered, homosexuality is illegel. 
Hmmmm. Thot patrol and no faggot degenerates running in the streets? Sounds way better than what you shills want for here 
So "The Conners" ratings premiered at 55 percent below the return ratings of "Roseanne" in early 2018. This is the price Abc pays for firing the star of their show over a joke. Disney letting a nigger run the American Broadcasting Company is a waste of space. Abc is now the Detroit, Michigan of television. In other words, Abc is pure trash. 
Isnt saying u can’t wear blackface for Halloween thats so bad to make ur skin black like a nigger actually just saying that niggers should be pitied for having shit colored skin and wirey fur instead of human hair? Cuz if u wanted to be a nigger celebrity for Halloween ur probly not racist, i would rather smear rotten rat shit on myself than dress up like any nigger 
If you want to dress up like a nigger to make fun of knuckle dragging niggers, you god damn sure should be able to, and if you are attacked, or fired because of it, you should be given compensation and those who harmed you should be jailed. This is America, not a 3rd world liberal shit hole. 
Doesn't make her any less a retarded conservative. Everyone knows prison convicts are an untapped pool of conservative voters. /sarcasm 
Little Faggot Ruined My Song This legendary track on the radio is literally just now "We lift TVs and microwaves" on loop. They ruined the song. 
The little faggot with the earring and the makeup. It would never pass Npc censorship today. The rage protocol would filter it out. Sad. 
What kind of liberal faggot needs to do this? 
Who owns my name faggot Lol You're so mad ) 
Welcome to Gab! Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Cunt needs to be strung from a tree 
Everyone Just Sits And Watchs As This Little Cunt Attacks A Woman 
Your life doesnt matter though you little faggot 
The Daily Caller continues with its leftist-style faggot gossip reporting. Who gives a shit what Kasich "refuses to say" on Cnn? 
And this retarded rape apologist on T_D who seems like a lobotomized Npc calling the Apology after a rape threat "An olive branch" How high is this guy? 
Give homeless Vets an Ar-15. $25 a head on anyone jumping the fence. Game on Mother fuckers! 
Stfu fake cunt you are just pissed Gab is not going away go back to twatter. 
Freedom and democracy are retarded but this is a bad take 
They're only retarded because it's what a kid wants. 
I really wish we had a Trump in charge of the Uk, rather than a dancing twat Syria - Aid halted after discovering Islamists are making a profit from it 
Viceland is just a nigger channel. 
Sick of spic shit yet? 
That was Gibson's dog aka Nigger 
Yep. I guessed right. A nigger pavement ape! 
N-O-gger analogies are always so grafted, second-handed. 
Never go Full Retard 
This Nigger is stupider then the Monkeys it is compared too 
Goofy faggot cheerleading squad 
Intelligent black teen does not like blacks. Ever notice that the more intelligent a person is the more they do not like blacks? Coincidence? No, blacks are loud, rude and our system has given them the right to be obnoxious. This teenage girl is just stating the obvious and although this is a stupid kike show promoting garbage it does show us something that we should all think about the kike and black question. Black teen says she's white & trashes black people in viral Video 
Unfortunately that is true. I get kicked out of White bars because I am proud to be white but I have never seen a nigger or whatever get kicked out for being proud of who they are. The kikes are in complete control. 
Retarded cuck says what? 
Ever considered killing yourself? Go do it, welffare whore. 
Being a nigger is not trendy, I guess they should just stop. 
If we learn anything from Gab it's how retarded whig nats will ruin everything they get involved with 
Tell me again how many rapefugees are now living in one of your spacious mansions. F. Ing twat 
"Look over there kids, it's a Texan. " Sure, If a "Texan" looked like a faggot from Massachusetts with a speech impediment Stop the Takeover! 
Dems would kill for that $38 million they wasted on "Beto" their fake Latino 
When you have no upper lip so your teeth always show 
When a big nigger puts a dick in you're mouth, You shut up. 
Fake Fake Fake Bombs: Officials say the numerous devices recovered were poorly made, but it's unclear if that was intentional, or if they were just badly constructed By A Retarded Democrat. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Sad new about the French bulldog puppy again evil cunt out to rob people homes took 8 of puppy from it mum and dad is the most evil wicked thing in gods life the 6 died and 2 was back with mum and dad it not point 
Faggots, dykes, niggers and nigger lovers. 
[Me] - I'm talking. Shut the fuck up you jewish cunt [] 
Did you write back yet and tell them you don't want their faggot name on your website? Lol 
Muslims didn't get their way, so they poisoned your food supply. Somali slimes, the worst ignorant scum mixing in their feces with your hamburger beef. Deport All Scum 
I don't. If I walk into a store and a raghead is working there, I look it in the eyes, and in a low voice i say ": terrorist scum", and walk out. Seattle airport has zillions of the raghead rats working all thru the place. Terrible place to be that seattle. 
Looks like a demonic faggot 
Michael’s gotta have a monster to fit that faggot ass 
Made me Laugh My Ass Off The best laugh I have had in a week So True but the media and the retarded left think otherwise. 
An ugly, feckless British cunt talking about America's penis Laughable. 
100% Faggot 
This guy is a nigger 
Trudeau is a retard so he doesn't recognize the difference; come on Canada; what the fuck; get rid of this piece of globalist crap. 
Judging from the incredibly poor English this account displays, it's probably some spic or Europoor running it. Hell, maybe it's a Russian hacker. 
Then tell him to gave tgave thr useless nigger arrested. 
Yep, that’s the best bit about living where i do, all the retarded lefties can’t handle the heat so they fuck off back to their cities and drink soy latte’s, leaving the beer, beaches, and beautiful women alone 
American Redneck Nationalist. And a Marne Basterd to boot! 
A dyke holding the dyke. 
It'll sound like American nigger mixed with Received Standard lol. Elizabeth must be -so- happy. Niggers and muslims out of the Uk! I'm Data, and I approved this message, so come arrest me for hate speech, Met Police! Right here! In America! O, right, you can't. We still have some freedoms. So bugger Meghan and her boyfriend- 
Dumb faggot fuck, this is the music section 
You're still a fag 
Fuck off faggot. There is no video. 
You nigger whore! 
Nike= Nigger & Kike forged into a shoe name. 
Looks like the Fbi decided to frame a retarded Magapede. 
This cameljockey, Hillbilly Clinton, George "living dead 'Soros, FaecesBook-Suckabug. 
Uuuuuhhhh. Ok then. Hippy commie faggot Antifa is off his meds. 
I don't remember saying anything about voting, my wife doesn't even believe women should be involved in politics. But where were you when all the Xtians where unfriending and calling me a faggot when I had actually went out of my way to stick to posting my religious views in closed groups? 
Tell That Retarted Cunt Milano To Shut The Fuck Up 
The blond in this video is a perfect example of a retarded liberal with no fucking clue of whats going on. 
Hahahahaha! A Zio-zombie convinced he isn't Npc! Jesus. How fucking retarded are you kikes? High Iq my ass. 
Just wait until you get hit with the fairy gay faggot tranny porn. You'll change your mind fast about muting these f*ers. 
Is her nigger neck broke? 
Fuck you, jap cunt 
Fact: Finding an existential purpose rooted in nature can cure most depression. Just don't be a faggot hippy about it. 
If you're going to post a fairy gay faggot video at least make sure it is working. 
>"Mike claimed both he and his husband Lee" seriously, stop posting this faggots story, anyone who feels sorry for this fucking degenerate needs woodchipper nationalism 
The problem is that Linus actually bought into their bullshit and didn't ignore them. As tough as he may seem he has provided evidence that he actually submitted to the Pc dogma of "nazis do X and if you do X too then you are a nazi". His big brain is great at technical stuff, but when it comes to understanding sociopolitical games he's as retarded as any leftist out there. 
Is he really orange? I don't think that he's orange. The only pictures I see with the oranginess seems photoshopped that way. I'm convinced it's the gay mafia playing at social engineering tricks. It's really getting out of hand. Even tweaking the mic during the debates to make the snorting sound when he breathes. Very well, the fly on Hillary's face is real. 
The faggot media? Hahahahha. I hope all faggot perverts die a horrible death from Aids or anything else 
This is in a nutshell, full of ego's and neurosis. When you cannot maintain a healthy marriage or a relationship, so you have to import nigger children from 3rd world shitholes to make yourself more emotionally secure? 
8 children? No father? Shit hole countries 
Slut! Send The Scum Back To Whatever Shithole Country That Cunt Came From! 
This faggot right here has tipped his hand on voting No on He should have to eat shit for the rest of his life 
True. He's an idiot. He wont even get 1 percent of the vote. Republicans hate him and Democrats are just using him. Independents will see him for what he is. 
Trump strikes again! He can do this any time he wants. "Fox News anchor Chris Wallace is pushing back on President Trump's claim that Democrats are responsible for thousands of migrants headed toward the United States's southern border, calling it 'preposterous. ' "Wallace appeared on Fox News's 'America’s Newsroom' on Friday to fact-check the claim, which the president made during a campaign-style rally in Montana the previous night. 'The idea that the Democrats were somehow behind this caravan coming from Honduras of these women and children is preposterous, ' Wallace said on the program. " So Trump gets the National Media to alert the public that another caravan is on the way, and Trump gets the national media to talk about the notion that the Democrats are behind it. Perfect. Another tiger pit dug, and the Democrats fall right into it. The voters are thinking, "Why is the caravan coming Now, and why is everyone telling us that we have to accept this invasion? " It pisses off the voters. As always, the press is Trump's most effective ally. 
Who care's what pussy boy faggot antifa bed wetter wallace says. 
A Jew and a gay Nigger login to twitter with tons of lube and dildos. 
Muhfuggin deray salivates for cuck jack 
I made a pic of the Nigger sucking jacks dick. Not on this phone though I'll find it 
It's supposed to be. But he started it not the spic taxpayer. 
Faggot 
Only a complete retard would think that the sudden mailing of "bombs" to prominent leftists isn't a leftist machination itself. But even if it was real, the beauty of the operation shines through: even normie conservative media thinks it's a fake. Most republican or moderste voters are so disillusioned with the violence and hypocrisy of the democrats, they likely could not manage to care that these people are being attacked. When your party ideals are "there cannot be civility", eventually, it fucking works! Truly, you reap what you sew! 
I don't believe any of them even went off. Even the dumbest stormfag should be able to make 14 out of every 88 bombs they send out detonate. 
Yo Dawg, my Nigger with his fishing pole needs a break. You care to take his place? 
God you're worse than a woman with all the attention whoring after begging me to stop talking to you. 
Stupid doesn't explain this. Retarded does though. Leftists are retarded. Now I see the funny side. 
That Kenyan faggot Pos is still trying to take credit for Potus Trump success 
This Retard Coons Needs His Face Nailed Shut. 
George Lincoln Rockwell 12: 08PM Thats nigger speak. You were acting obnoxious, I actually would have sided with you against that Wadl guy for posting anti-white women trash. But what you said to Bb was totally unnecessary. 
Ryan is an ineffective faggot cuck and everyone laughs at him. Because he has never carried out a single threat he has made. 
Says the idiot that claimed Negroes are not human. Stupid people are really boring. Anything else, retard? 
Ugly Cunt 
Moooooooooooooooooooooooove to another country bitch 
And Take Fat Ass rosie With You 
She'S Fat And Ugly And Throwed The Fuck Off Diseased Trash 
What's with the potatoe and the flag in the background? 
So have Bill and Michael 
Nobody Cares About This Stuck Up Bitch. 
Yooooogly! 
Very Evil Deviant Trash Period 
I truly hope this is like that Tibbets cunt who was killed by an Illegal invader after tweeting I hate white people. 
Anyone else sick and tired of Gay activism? Hetero Activism is coming next get your faggot asses ready for a real reaming. 
Fucking hate bitches comparing humans to animals as saying animals should have rights, humans are worse than animals etc. You're contributing to the lessening of human rights and the equalization of animals and humans. Fueled by your hatred of Christianity, you're enabling your own relegation 
Fuck that. I'll eat whatever animal I want. I breed and eat chickens and I fish. Extensive scientific studies show a diet of meat and fish os the most healthy. Vegans are gay too. Soya actually increases estrogen 
Yes, well your assumption that all vegans eat soy is pretty gay. Fyi, cow milk has more estrogen in it than soy, so if anything, you're the faggot here. 
Listen cretin. Jumped on my thread. 3 idiots who are replying to me. And I'm strange. Problem with spectre speak for himself lol. Cunt can't even say his real name and show his face. I assure you won't be proved wrong? 
So the big plan is to shove another 50k migrants into northern Ontario so they can start businesses and hire the locals. Yeah, because a bunch of barely literate people coming from 3rd world holes is going to solve the jobs problem. Right. 
Hundreds of kabob shops will flourish, one after the other for block after block. All serving as fronts for Muzzie gang rape operations. 
Since we had 80, 000 cross into canada illegally from jan-august, with more every day, and 500k so far being flown here on the taxpayer dollar, why shove them into toronto. If they want to be here they have to go live in northern ontario on a reserve for a couple years. Wall it up, leave them there. Winters coming. See how many of the sandrats survive. 
True schizophrenia: Stop Having Babies To Save The Planet! Too many people means more pollution! Less space for wildlife! And out the other side of their mouths: We Need To Import Hostile Retards From Africa That Breed Like Rabbits To Make Up For Declining Population! One or the other. Pick One and stick with it. Either you can be concerned (reasonably) with too high a population (I like open space, wildlife, quiet places with few or no people, etc) Or you can be "concerned" by demographic decline and what that means for an Impossible forever-growing economy and be opposed to wildlife, open space, etc. Pick One And Only One. 
How do I know you’re white? Youve got retarded bumper stickers on your car to virtue signal 
Manny Machado will be broke and selling coacaine by age 40. That's how much of a useless spic he is. 
Get raped faggot 
Wow Black racist twat speaks 
Isn't it strange if the killer was white the inmates would have killed him so why is that cunt still breathing? 
How retarded can these Cuckservatives be? Even Trump declared war on Globalism. What is Globalism? Capitalism and International Socialism/Communism. National Socialism rejects both sides of the same Jew shekel. 
Trump had said he been waiting all of is life to come in at right time the greatest American come back. In world history and he not done yet his dad well looking down in haven saying go on son bet those commie cunt s up and nazie globalist cunt s to my son 
Damn, I need that cunt for my future brand of "liberal tears" vodka flavored alcohol. Haven't yet decided more specific on the taste, want to have a sort of salty, slightly sour vodka to really fit the "liberal tears" theme. 
They always convert the mentally ill. 
White converts are sick and deluded 
They are obviously sick and retarded 
Who let that disgusting fat zionist cunt from shekel media into this country? 
Doing this by a playground is retarded. Like this dumb retard can't find one place in an entire city to do some stupid shit except right next to children? I hope she gets run over by a car. 
Note how they begin with the spurious claim that what Russia is doing is 'banned'. This is to give moral cover for the war mongering comments to follow. They love war so much and they have so much mistaken bravado, that they can say stupid things like 'we can take out Russia's incoming missiles', to defend the concept of a stupid war which would flatten Europe and it's people. It gets tedious that we're told we're in a progressive era, look trannies can marry now goyim and we have outlawed 'single use plastic bags'. But the real things that matter, like murderous wars for the jews and the assault on the very existence of the only people silly enough to care about tranny marriage and banning plastic bags. They just roll right along whilst the starry eyed victims down the shops try to shame police me whilst i moan about the plastic bag thing being entirely irrelevant. Although their jaw does drop when i tell them that their drive in to work would have burned about five hundred shopping bags worth of fuel. Takes the shine off their retarded smug over thinking that they're contributing to saving the planet. Unsurprisingly, it'e the female shop staff that are entirely uncynical about the bag thing. As long as they are sold on the associated feelings (pride and smug self satisfaction in this case), they'll support nearly anything. 
This is one form of 'public nuisance' that I can appreciate. Should be encouraged in every parking lot. Much better than the usual fat dyke feminists screeching and waving placards showing the alphabet soup of sexual deviancy that they have just thought up. 
President Trump, You'D Betterbetter wake the fuck up and dispose of the trash coming towards our border! I Guarantee, if those filthy fucking wetbacks enter our country, you'll lose 50% of your votes, Atleast! Send the military, put a bullet in the protesters/Aka "Traitors", and put bullets in Every Fucking filthy wetback trying to enter our country illegally. I'll even donate a couple hundred bucks for ammo. If the President doesn't do his fucking job, I'll start GoFundMe campaigns for every Us Citizen who does his job for himexecuting the illegals as they invade our country! 
By the way, you stupid cunt, Stay The Fuck Away From My Posts, You FuckING Idiot! 
Go fuck yourself faggot. Most Patriots love the idea of putting a bullet in every piece of shit in the caravan. You don't speak for as many people as you thing, left wing idiot! Noone Believes you're a Patriot. Nice try. 
Is that your boyfriend? Or, you wish he was your boyfriend? Live in San Francisco? 
Trump needs to say fuck the jew and grow balls 
I used to be a Yuge Trump supporter, but now I see him as nothing more than a populist pacifier for the White goyim, at best. These kikes knew that White people were reaching a breaking point as a result of the Obama presidency, so the gave us Trump to try and quell our anger. Sure, they used their media outlets and celebrities to smear and bash Trump nonstop, but looking back it all seems like it was just 6, 000, 000D chess at play. They were using reverse psychology on us in order to get the desired results that they wanted. They understood that trust in the liberal mainstream media was already at an all-time low amongst moderates and people on the right, so they went full-on anti-Trump knowing that it would make him more appealing to those who weren't drinking the lefts kool-aid. This is also just another example of the "problem-reaction-solution" paradigm that these sneaky heebs use in order for them to remain in control of us. They used the Obama presidency to swell racial tensions and put the focus on identity politics, which pissed off White people, but now Trump and the milquetoast Maga movement are here to ease things by propping up "Based" black or brown conservatives to fool the gullible White goyim into believing race doesnt matter and their non-white counterparts are more than just outliers. The fake solution to the problem they created is for us to drop identity politics and come together as "Americans" who shouldn't worry about race or identity politics because we all bleed the same red, white and blue as each other, Brother! Meanwhile, Whites are still on course to becoming a minority in our own Country, as the hatred from non-white's towards us grows by the day. The, "I'm not a racist because muh Based brownie", retards are too busy trying to prove to our enemies how non-racist they are, while denouncing identity politics, which is exactly the opposite of what White people should be doing right now. We should be becoming More "racist" and embracing identity politics if we want our race and Nation to survive. What these kikes fear the most are White people banding together and rising up against them. They don't want us believing race matters, or embracing identity politics because it would be game over for them if that were to happen. I'm not gonna wish death on Trump, but I do think we would be better off if he does get impeached or loses in 2020. The burning White rage needs to be stoked sooner, rather than later. If it takes Trump getting Jfk'd to kick things off, then so be it because things are gonna have to get much worse before they have a chance of getting better. 
You are a fucking faggot 
Time to make this vile bitch's life nasty brutish and. 
Another Man-Hating Feminazi cunt 
There's a good fuckin' reason we despise these rat faced perfidious invasive species you MAGAtards call "Muh Greatest Ally" Jews hate Whites 
Faggot ass Jew lover can't even debate this point because there is no debating this. The kikes like Muslims even better than they like White Evangelicals. 
I Beg To Differ. The Hairy Pit Dyke is the Squishy Fake Gurl. Ms. C is a Sexy Silicone Sister 
What a twat 
No wonder why Boris Johnson was not at conference with traitor that are the remaining Tory back stapping May lie has shown her true colours of evil cunt and the packie cunt home office Javid should be thrown out of Uk and but on this country that he so die Boris Johnson blow down were traitor May 
Cory Booker the faggot nigger molester. L 
Hahahahahahaha The Spastic, The Retard and you. The Cretin! The only thing coming my way is the constant stream of laughter you 3 provide me. 
You and the nasty spasticated jew are going down, you will get some time locked up. That isn’t gaslighting that is just plain fact. 
Blah blah blah. You are aware that Bonehill and Jennings both said similar - that it would be me going to jail, not them. And that the police weren't interested in their batshit whining, any more than they'll be interested in yours. It's the squirming of the guilty, cowardly Nazi, and it only ever ends one way. Clink for the deranged Nazi. 
Still nothing! All you do is rant and rave. Bonehill and Jennings made death threats Iirc. That is dumb, the Heß doctrines clearly state that making death threats is a no-no. I don’t break the law, that’s why the cops aren’t in the least bit interested in me. They will be interested in You when that spasticated jew throws you under a bus. 
Fun on leave 
You are tying him up in knots on Tw*tt*r. Well done. Poor gay Dave( 
Maga: Build the wall and Throw All Kkk Nazi Fascist Right Wing Pigs Over It! Take America back from the retards on the right! 
I guarantee that statistic excludes 9-11. If you throw that in Muslims are the all time terror champions in the Us. 
Actually, it doesnt matter -right wingers are Still violent terrorist pigs. Fascist fucktards who blindly follow shitstain trump like retarded sheep 
Muslim terrorism has a higher kill count in that timeframe, which is why the chart excludes that data. Muslims are far more toxic per capita than any other group. If we had as many Muslims in the Us as we have Trump voters the Us would be fucking Beirut. 
If by personal experience you mean it was so retarded that it never actually worked, then yes. 
Well this retard doesn’t see a vote box? Lol 
I think you mean that fairy gay faggot Adolf Schicklgruber. 
Duh. Only the retards have to have it spelled out on another retard’s sign. So if this is news then you’re a fucking retard and should shove your vote in your ass where it can be properly processed. 
Don't get me wrong, retarded woman. I understand that you have taken more dick than you've taken history lessons. But, the fact remains, it was there before your dying state of Israel and depending on my mood, will be there when Israel dies. 
Trump has failed since he took office. He has been weak and pathetic. And to prove it, his wife sums it up, when she go's to africa and literally virtue signals regarding a little negro child. And Trump does the same pathetic, bastardized shit, as well. He makes sure to find as many negros and beaners to pose in pictures with him. He's a textbook cuckold boomer. He's pathetic as possible. He ignores his White voter base, which is the only thing that matters. He shits on them and demoralizes them, while making sure to spend most of his time doing the bidding of jews and obsessing over: 'lowest african american and hispanic american unemployment in decades'. He's completely fucking useless. I don't even believe he's trying. He doesn't give a shit about reducing legal immigration. And he's consistently softend his tone on the illegal beaner invasion. He hasn't accomplished much on legal or illegal immigration. And you can see this, considering there isn't even a wall. He could have put up a double fence, like in Hungary. And it would stop 99% of the non white and primarily beaner invasion, just like how effective it works in hungary. But he didn't even put up a single fence, spanning the border. Trumps only purpose is that he's there instead of the 200% cucked republican traitors, or the 300% cucked democrat traitors. His purpose is just as pathetic as possible. 
Nice argument, retard 
Every time I look at her, I see Nathan from South Park. She's even retarded just like him! 
Just another ugly nigger 
This Loud Mouthed Nigger Is A Nothing, And Never Will Be Except An Enemy Of Our Nation And We The People. 
Antifa Website Promotes Home Abortion Classes to ‘Dismantle White Supremacist Bio-Medical Patriarchy’ In Response to Kavanaugh Aka Crazy people and Communist scum-bags. What drugs are these people on? Seriously, I have had my experience with many substances, but I have no clue what these morons are on that makes them this retarded and insane. 
Fuck the Aclu, just a group of racist nigger trash. 
On the basis of being a complete retard imo 
Stupid faggot 
That nigger is so worthless. He performs for the Jews as some smart negro. He says stupid shit all the time. 
Fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches be sayin', "Hotsi, totsi, I'm a fairy gay Nazi! " F* y'all and f* Adolf Schicklgruber. Being proud because you are white is not the same thing as being a demonic-assed neo-Nazi. 
The absolute state of rap and modern pop music where people like this twat reach the top charts. Gen Z has such a shit taste in music. 
"I’m not tired of winning. Victory! Brett is exactly the right person, at the right time to serve on the Supreme Court. A conservative jurist. A good man with the background and experience worthy of this high honor. " ~ 
Now that is gone. Freedom feels good doesn't it, Lindsey! 
All of a sudden this traitorous deep state Zionist faggot (who is pals with Isis) is a hero to conservatards. Lindsey is scum. He likes Kavanaugh because Kav is a Patriot Act kind of guy. The kind of guy who will support the CIAs worst excesses. Fuck that queer. 
Now I'm not saying send him a campaign donation, but can you not be a faggot when he points out the communist jews hate white people? He's a politician, jew money is leaving the republican party, why promote the party the jews are heading over to? 
Jew money is not leaving. The Repubs are more Kiked than the Dems and that's no small feat! The Jews will move money this way or that, but the Repubs make a lot of money on Kike wars. 
What planet are you on? You think hillary"we came we saw he died" wouldnt have boots in syria? Repubs used to get roughly half their donations from jewish billionaires Dems get roughly 75% of their money from jewish donors 
No shit dummy. Both parties are neocon warmongers. You're the one cumming in your pants because your Zionist Neocon won. Have some fucking dignity. Dont pretend the Repubs are the good guys. Wake up. 
I'm happy communists want to kill themselves, tucker had (christine Fair) in parenthesis on screen, and the communist jews are even more openly anti-white, in addition to the jew money leaving. Repubs now have a choice to go pro white, don't be a faggot retard 
Republicans have less dual citizens representing israel than the dems, next argument? Both parties are kiked, which is less kiked? You think you're getting ballot access and having any chance at anything without infiltrating one of the 2 main parties? Can you be less of a retard and try and operate in reality? 
Both parties are kiked, so supporting either is absurd. Of course there is no ballot access for anyone else because both parties are criminals. You are the one getting excited over one group of criminals over another. Retards like you are the reason it is the way it is. 
Lol, once again, I'm happy communists are shreiking in the street about their anti-whiteness, while at the same time not giving them power to enact revenge. It makes whites see them for what they are. Which party are angry whites more likely to work with? Which party is more likely to disarm whites and end it all? 
Ah, you think the sideshow is real. Most Dems are not the kooks you see on tv. Just like most Repubs are not Nazis. The ones you are mad at are Party operatives and paid actors. They are there to disract you, so you wont focus on the criminals and their crimes. 
You still haven't said what your plan is to fix this besides whining like a faggot, gonna run for office, start a militia? 
No plan to fix. I'm just not gonna support a neocon Zionist deep state Scotus nominee just because it pisses "Commies" off. There is nothing short of violent revolution we can do to end Zog. And if ppl like u r still supporting them, there's not even a chance for revolution. 
So then why aren't you pulling a st roof and starting rohowa, because you're a faggot who is basically worthless to the white race 
We need more people. If ppl like you continue to explicitly support the criminals who run this country, a revolution is unlikely. As long as ppl think there is hope Within The Current System, we are doomed. They dont allow anyone who is an actual threat to their criminal enterprise to get anywhere. The Us is gone, forever. 
You dont get more people being a purity spiraling faggot you get more people by agreeing with the 95% you agree on, you useless retarded faggot 
Not if the 5% is what keeps the criminals in power. The 95% that we agree on is unimportant stuff. 
So the word "bacon" is ". Offensive, racist, and sexist graffiti. " I can't see how the word "bacon" is racist or sexist! The fucking numpties. It's not even offensive. "Fuck off you black cunt" is offensive. Simply the word "bacon" is not that offensive. 
Bacon is a compliment. It's the king of meats, tasty and delicious. Muzzie bastards should be more appreciative. 
Dude that faggot won't do shit liberal men pretend they're soo tough and badass yet the only people they attack are women and children. They don't have balls to go man to man. Trust me - I could beat his ass with a foot tied to the opposite hand 
Any politician who isn't explicitly pro-White Does Not Deserve A Shred Of Support. All they deserve is hate, threats, ridicule and sabotage until they give in or give up. 
So you agree with lolbertarians, yeah sit it out goy, why make the left lose their shit even more, that'll show em, just don't participate. Lol what a retard 
Sitting it out does what, your analogies are gay as fuck. The Gop winning, even cucks is accelerationism it makes the left more crazy and openly antiwhite, what does sitting out achieve? 
So your a tax cut worshiper? Hey I like them too, I guess but didn't do shit for little serfs like me. But I do care about Kanye being in bed with the kike half of that West wing. Talking bout prison reform. Are niggers equal to you? Do you think you are equal to a beta ape? I bet you don't. 
How shitty could the timing be for dems, if trump wants his base to show up, he can't cuck. If he's not a retard this is easy meat for the base last time sessions started family separations trump is threatening it again, you want the wh number so you can call supporting family separations? 
Ding ding ding! 
Lol vote 3rd party goy, it's way easier to get 50 state ballot access than making the Gop the party of whites. Most of the faggot reps like Paul Ryan are quitting Best chance for a political solution for whites is Gop. 
Idk what I'm gonna do, but that's it in a nutshell. I do not feel properly motivated. If I had my way, I'd rather get it on. I'm not getting any younger over here. 
How do you plan on networking to have any power whatsoever without the internet? If dems regain power they will take vengeance upon us, starting with the sites we use. Dhs taking domains left and right, what do? 
None. Those who are not prepared to fight in this world of eternal struggle. Like I said I'll side w my Dna, or die trying. 
Sounds like a good way to end up like a kulak, what happened to their dna? 
We ought to send a nigger to Mexico for every Mestizo they dump on us. That would end the problem real quick. 
I've hung out with Richard a few times on his ranch during a few of his monthly (invite only) nigger hunts. Not that this whore didn’t deserve every bit of it, but believe me he did it. Make no mistake, Richard doesn’t fuck around. I remember how he always put on the right of his brown driving gloves when he needed to put the smack down. 
Sometimes he would just grab both gloves and slap her across the face a few times with them, holding her by the hair. Right, left, right, left! Afterwards he would comb his fingers through his disheveled undercut and say something like This is getting really exhausting, you Tartar bitch. 
Stop being a nigger or go back to twitter if you want to ban the imagination. 
So The Useless Cunt Admits her vote was purely Political, not because she was afraid she was voting a deviant into Scotus. Well I hope voters vote her sorry traitorous ass Out. 
Not just survival! Flourishing, we can conquer the galaxy if we didn't constantly have to pay nigger tax 
Don't get me wrong, I've got nothing against sports. Just niggers. 
I'm an ex football player Gl. For every one nigger receiving a fb scholarship because of "muh, athletic skillz", I can point point to 3 white athletes who were passed over. This notion that whites are less athletic than blacks is just plain fallacy. Just like the Nfl, the Ncaa is a Sjw breeding ground, sad. 
Kasich is a Republican? Nah, I think he's just a faggot. 
I don’t know about the faggot part but he Is an asswipe! 
The censorship is so retarded why if someone doesn't want to see something then they should turn it off. I get so tired of these censorship games that big tech is playing. 
I remember this faggot (RebZtv) from C'ville. The first night he was complaining because the cops were forcing everyone to disperse at the conclusion of the torchlight event and the next day (he captured some of the Fields collision) he was bitching at the first cop that arrived on the scene, "where were you! " lol 
He funds leftists it’s retarded to think he funded or influences the far right. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
I think the silly twat means Scotland's prison population growth. 
Woopy Golchimp and Ellen De-Dyke are great examples of how deeply damaged and disturbed America has become. A based sheboon and a Dyke as key role models for Americas people. Like I said, disturbing. 
Aaron Green of Batesville, Ar. , the faggot we doxxed last summer for organizing the counter-protest to our March Against Sharia Law, was the one who got the membership list of the vk group (but didn't infiltrate the group itself) and sent it to Central Arkansas Antifa. 
No Muslim Pos You need to be put through the Gd ringer like Kavanaugh Drop out of the Ag race. 
Breaking: Brexit betrayal - May considers Eu plot to keep Uk locked to Brussels for Three Years after 1) Forced to accept the bloc’s rules 2) Remain in the single market 3) Remain in the customs union. 4) Continuation of free movement Fucking traitorous Cunt 
Shoot yourself in the face with a shotgun you fucking silly cocksucker. Don't be jealous just because your life sucks greasy ass and you are a miserable faggot 
Niggers Must be Dominated by Aryans nigger Self Determination gives us This! 
Nigger nigger give me yer fingers! Suitable for amputation! 
Please stop Shouting at us like a retarded Boomer Grandpa. 
Another lunatic Jew hater. Notice how in 10 years you will see them mention no more than 5 names (and Barbara Spectre is almost certain to be one of those 5 names. 
Just antiSemitism for the sake of antiSemitism, right Shlomo? We just woke up one morning and decided to become antiSemites for no reason? We’re just racists with nothing better to do? Go ahead, apply some of that classic Jewish wordplay to talk your way out of it. 
Nope. You're just retarded cowards. Here you are bravely fighting your retarded fight using pseudonyms in a cyber-ghetto. Then you wonder why you have been losing for 60 years. And then you look for some uber-powerful bogeyman to relieve you of the shame of your own cowardice and ineptitude. 
You Jews are only intellectually equipped to engage sub-90 iQ Gentiles in any kind of discourse. Any time a Gentile is hip to what’s really going on, you don’t have a leg to stand on. All you’ve got is obfuscation, deflection, and lies. It’s fun to watch you kvetch as you try to point at my account to invalidate any of the claims I’m making though. Keep squirming! 
Simpsons was great when it was new, back when it took the piss out of people by being a sort of counter-culture. Now with all the good writers gone, Simpsons is just garbage that's kept alive to milk the retarded mass of their shekels. 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
So, you’re really this stupid? Lmfao! I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
1945 was compelling Kikery. Never mind what's been declassified, Goyim. 
These dumbass holocaust deniers need to be swept out with the libtards. There is no way these people can contribute to society! 
Were all of your sibling retarded or was it just you? 
You fucking zhid Fag. Get out of My country and into the Oven. 
Rephrase. Pathetic little irrelevant cunt 
Im doing this too. Fuck this faggot world. Im the first black native mexican irishman, i want my 40 acres, muh reparations and I aint paying no tax. Im going hunting and fishing this weekend and i dont need no fucking licence. Get the fuck off my land nigger! 
A deranged liberal feminist faggot gay offspring came out of Castro's loins. 
You sound like a faggot 
Heres Anglin praising a satanist antifa faggot who beats up white women. Please stop referring to him as a white nationalist or pro-white leader of any type, hes antifa. 
Cunt 
Lmao your radio show sucks, Al Sharpton could do a better job, so that's not much of a accomplishment. It's almost amusing having some punk faggot who cried on national tv call you a bitch. I mean you cried so hard i was waiting for someone to hand you a pacifier or a bottle and tell you to quit crying like a little bitch. 
Lol I was saying she went full retard for awhile but no one listens to me. ( 
Kill yourself you faggot 
Dyke witches organizing a hex on Kavanaugh 
Deport that nigger troll already. 
Are people that retarded that they believe a Jew paper? Whatever the Post says you can almost be positive that the opposite is true! It's a Jew, It can't be True! 
I use proper English and spelling, generally. Only a fucking retard makes anything out of that other than that's how it's meant to look. 
Faggot 
That flaming faggot Sessions deserves the rope. 
Cunt 
Fuck offf anti white retard pitenana 
That is one ugly ass nigger 
Dead Aids Faggot 
Dead Aids faggot 
What Does A Street Nigger Know? Who The Fuck Cares? Nwo Jews & TheIR Media Combines And Movie Combines And Education Combines. 
Anyone said nigger Iq? What Iq? 
My theory on who is behind these bomb scares? Two possibilities. One, a right-wing loner. Likely one of the Jew-hating types we see here on Gab. Or two, a douche-bag liberal psycho posing as a right-wing psycho. You know, just like they do with their libtard swastika graffiti. 
Lol, whereas there's plenty of you dumb faggots just begging to destroy this country and betray your own people in favor of kikes, you retarded cuck pile of shit only worthy of being fertilizer. 
Cunt 
Sounds like a gay nigger 
Cancel This Cunt Islamic Bitch! 
Any woman that lays down with a nigger deserves to be killed 
Lol. I was looking for a nigger joke. 
Oh goody, another retard is here. 
If that were my son, a lying cunt would quietly disappear. 
Fuk u commie, there is absolutely zero similarities between sir Hitler and pos Clinton. U a fucking faggot 
After the Nyt defended its decision to elevate anti-white cunt Sarah Jeong, Rich Lowry referred to that publication as merely hypocritical, and dishonest in its stated reasoning for that particular decision. And of course he has no problem with people writing for anti-white web sites and newspapers. 
U know there's some really retarded individuals on this app. Wake the Fuck Up Idiots! This app is Langleys, Dhs, Fbi, MI6 & every other Intel, surveillance and alphabet agency's Wet FuckING Dream! U fuckin retards shoot ur mouths off like u think u can't be found, They Are watching and listening 
And That Muslim Fraud Nigger Needs Hung, After His Trial Of Course. 
Save the trial and just hang his Muzzie black ass! 
Breaking: Romanian officials say low voter turnout has voided a referendum that sought to keep same-sex marriage out of reach 
Yeah, but even the gay activists in Romania admit that they're many years away from gay marriage - by which time the faggots in the West will likely have jumped the shark by advocating for pedophiles or some other insane shit that will finally turn the masses against them. Gay marriage being so unlikely in Romania was actually a reason the referendum failed. 
He's still a fucking neocon faggot who wanted to support Muslim terrorists in Syria and worried about Venezuela invading the Us. 
That's why I *cannot bereibe* it! But his 2008 anti-homo crusade and prophecy about the coming Current Year was, well, prophetic. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
You think there are No gays on Gab? Really? And another thing. I don't hate gays. So calling me a faggot isn't really an insult. You don't like it much though do you lol 
How do you manage to find these ppl lolzzz, , , , cmon you beta male cunts trying to give it to cater and losing, , , which one of you left wing cunts is agent orange 
I gotta make up for some missed weeks, so this nigger is now Your Black Athlete of the Week: Kemari Averett, Louisville football coon- Couldn't find his laptop. Accused his ho of stealing it. Put a gun to her head to show seriousness. In jail, $10K bond- 
I'M Hoping Soooo Much that this hurricane kills every single wetback in the caravan! 
Sorry to hear of your misfortune Pat. S. O. B. Had to be on his Cellphone and not paying attention. Am also sorry to hear you live in California with Jerry the Retard Brown at the Helm. If you ever feel you would like to Raise your Standard of Living Without a Raise in Pay. You may go to Any Other State (Except Hawaii) and everything remaining the Same you'll automatically raise your Standard of Living. 
Jail isn't good enough, the cunt should be air-dropped in the middle of the kongo completely naked. While she is busy surviving the native spearchuckers attempt to rape her, register her on a no-flight list as a terrorist. If she wants to ever make it back, she will have to do it the hard way. 
KrawallBrüder - Unbeugsam - mehr hass 2017 - I don't speak german - the music sounded good - the video was fucking retarded 
Whites are the biggest football morons of all. They'll lick nigger ass for a Td or long yardage. Nfl whites are the lowest of the low! Just scum! 
Being a Slut is the polar equivalent of Rapist in so many ways & 'Group Sex Fetish' is the faggot terminology for Gangbanger because she loved getting banged by the brothers 
I just sent a memo to a fucken nigger calling whites all kinds of names and I told him if he kept that shit up he'd be hanging from a fucken tree. 
- what's your point? It doesn't matter whether people currently here have thick skins. The fact is, the comment block is just so faggot bitch can post without his retarded #Q predictions being called out. @a has already admitted this. 
Bye Bye Cunt! 
Without a deadly hatred for that which threatens those we love, the word love is just an empty catchphrase for hippies, queers and cowards. - George Lincoln Rockwell 
2-so now despite all the great conduct by us euro here in usa that helped everybody on earth we have to go back to fighting like animals to protect our girls from a bunch of insane nigger chimps that live on earth off us as theyve reverted back into the insane rapist theyve been all history. They Arent In My Future, I Vow That! 
Seems everyone here gets focused more on my handle, as if I am an Elvis fanatic. I will say that Elvis did nigger music better than the niggers. 'Disturbed' is a band led by a Jewish midget - I'll stick with Fat Elvis singing negro spirituals, freak 
I hope that this cunt gets voted out. Then run over by a chuckwagon. Lol 
Actually Hispanic is not white. There are some Hispanics that have more Spanish blood than others. None of them are anglos. I'm not going to spiral but the notion that Spanish who mixed with arabs, jews and Indian are white is laughable. Less than 1% can pass as white, if that. 
Purity spiraling spergs who promote jewy "X is not white" narratives should be gassed. Argentinians are in the majority of Italian/German/Spanish extraction to begin with. And assuming that the 10% ashkenazi is true that's still 90% you dumb nigger faggot. Also your use of the word Hispanic here is deliberately misleading. Go back to stormfront nigger. 
I've seen their Dna test 65% European doesn't cut the cake. Fuck off hooked nose degenerate. 
It's almost like I never said that mestizos are white. Shlomo's working overtime must be frying his brain goys. 
>Goes from Argentinian whites back to mestizos that I never claimed were white. You're going in circles here. Nice try Shlomo. 
Mestizos are nowhere near 60% white. Argentinians are only 65% European. Keep moving the goal post. You basically have civic nationalism and 49% nigger calling himself white. 
>same fucking lies and strawmen 
What this Cunt just described, comes Straight Out Of The Book Rules For Radicals By Saul Alinsky 
If found guilty give the cunt the death penalty. Of course she will whine in court and get away with a slap on the wrist by comparison to male perpetrators. 
Because Mix Breeding makes the Offspring have problems. I should know this because I am a mixed breed 
I knew this chick her mom was white her dad a crow nigger i guess cuz he left before she was born. She caught hell from whites and blacks and did not fit in either community. Since obama now niggers love half breeds 
News: house nigger who knowingly lied for his neocon massa and destabilized an entire region at the behest of Are Greatest Ally, dragged us into a multinational endless pointless war that has killed and maimed tens of thousands of Americans for absolutely nothing thinks current President is immoral. Ok then. 
What a Jew Nigger 
Just do it to blacks so Shaun and his two inch faggot winnie can bitch more. Do the crime do the time, Criminal Culture. 
The nigger is the one affirming the stereotype about niggers. It doesn't work anymore shithead. 
He was another puppet of the jew. Stfu and learn your history. He helped start a useless war so we could have sand niggers and faggot communists roaming the streets. If you support him you are a traitor to your race and nation. 
Why don't you go back to sucking nigger toes on r/christian? If you can't see cuckstianity for a degenerate, globalist business it is, then calling you a brain dead, nigger toe enthusiast isn't even hyperbole because that's the logical end point of your hippy dippy, kiddy fondling cult. 
Here's The Rebel Media's page with their collection of hotel videos, they include the Syrians and the Radisson nigger palace. A day after this video was taken, Animal Services had to be called in because the nigger savages were slaughtering live goats in the washrooms. Several goats were rescued, they probably needed to rape kit them too. 
Nobody can be as much of a faggot as you are. Nobody. 
I hope Crimson Dick Nigger Doesn’t hate me now. 
Yep. 
You're going to run into trouble if you keep adulterating my words with things like "standardized". 
Youre in trouble for disingenuous jewish bullshit who's only current point I can see is some strange attempt to place "money" before the concept of value of resource and societal growth. Im not fucking backing down on this shove your threat up your cunt 
Saw a meme that called her "America's Shield Maiden. " Almost sent my laptop across the room. That woman deserves public flogging, at the least. So does the retard that made the meme. 
There are some Jewish people who are evil. Like the Kabal! The same ones Jesus called 'the Spawn of satan' that though are born jewish. Are not real "jews" (as they are against all that is held sacred by the original God fearing Jewish people. 
This is a retarded strawman built by the weak minded. Doing the smallest amount of research will see that every civilisation in history has had a problem with Jews. Interacting with the average Jew you will discover they fucking hate us. When it is rarer for a Jew to be good and not trying to undermine you and promote your genocide, it becomes the default to say they're all bad and praise the exceptional ones when they deserve it. 
This woman is a retard who thinks she got the nod from 0bozo the Clown when he was in. Another delusional DemocRAT. 
Only a retard would believe that. You know like jazzhand mcfeels. 
Fucking faggot snitch doxer needs his ass beat in the church parking lot. 
You Are Death. Enjoy Mute, retard 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
We've all known Taylor Swift was a cunt since she sued that guy two years ago. Why act surprised now? 
Why on earth do Western governments allow their own civilised Western culture to be destroyed and end up a retarded savage society. Centuries from now archeologists will find the remains and ruins of a once modern intelligent Western civilisation. 
Before senate voting on our brilliant Fearless Trump nomination of Kavanaugh, his retarded Foes Fill Senate Gallery With Sounds of the Insane The Dems shrieking was hardly bearable and even worse from those being paid by Soros and son the monsters living at the bottom of the Dc Swamp with their globalist for Nwo. Fbi investigate this mob 
Just once in a while, all the torment from the left is worth taking just to hear this. Now F* off Daniels and take that twat Doctor watshername with you. You pair of lying leftist shills 
Robert Bowers can suck my huge Jewish cock. And when he gets sent to prison, I'd love it if the big bubba who makes Bowers his bitch, has Jewish blood! Everyone who hates Jews, can go f*ck themselves, they're all cursed to burn in Hell 
Always with the black fetishes and rape fantasies, these mamzers. Did the world a favor removing your filthy (ilk. Here's hoping more yids die in the hospital so Robert "I'm Going In for the Win" Bowers' high score hits a perfect 14! 
Too bad I wasn't there - I legally conceal-carry & I'm a dead shot. Your so-called hero wouldn't have gotten off two shots before I'd have shot his faggot subvermin Nazi prick off & left him laying on the ground begging this Jew to spare his pathetic life. 
Okay, mr. Internet tough jew. 
Managed to seriously wound four armored pigs before he was shot and apprehended, but I'm sure you would have 360 no-scoped him with your hot pink Derringer. 
But those fine brave policemen will live. Don't forget your "hero" was writhing on the floor, crying & begging to not be shot anymore. What a f*cking pussy he was, just like all of you motherf*ckers. Push comes to shove, you all cry & fold like Hitler did. Bring it, you're all cowards. 
- Confirmation of a faggot kill is not as difficult as it might seem- you simply wait for the pink daisy petals to start floating in the air. But you can't stand down-wind. 
Globalism is socialism which is communism which is Judaism! Ism is the dead Jew giveaway! 
I know, he's in retard stage. Posts all these stories bitching about Dems and Globalists, who also happen to be Jews, but doesn't make the connection, it's actually hitlarious. 
Nigger Bonus Wiedermal 
Italians have a beautiful culture and history! You think they want to stink it up filthy it up with nasty, vile inferior Muslim and nigger shit? 
Democrats' New Hope Beta is a typical Lying politician. He talks like Obomber. No wonder the communists love this idiot. 
Dems think they can con the masses again like they did with that pos obama. 
So the straight guy cucked Will he also be dancing with his gay mate? And what if his gay mate wants a goodnight tongue or maybe a late night bit of chocolate Will he go full gay so as not to 'offend' his faggot pal? Or is this guy really just a closet fag waiting for the opportunity for some gay action? 
When oh when will this breath-taking bullying stop? "I came out as Lgbt, & lost family & friends. I was called faggot & beaten to a pulp. Surgery required". No- not again! Haven't these aids-ridden grids-riddled cocksuckers suffered enough? 
- You seem to be implying here that there's light at the end of the homo tunnel- which would give some of them a glimmer of hope. If true, I truly wish I was able to contact one of them to let him/her know this. 
- Yes I see what you're saying- a flashlight being held by an agent of law enforcement could be a homo's light at the end of a tunnel. 
- Yes, I've often heard they love getting those barrels shoved down their throats. It's kinda' like being a muffler. A silencer. 
Not nearly enough if they're still breathing. 
Lulz Oh no! Marty is stuck in purgatory, it seems. I love how retarded you made Torba sound. Good job! 
Despicable Racist Retarded bitches writing for the Ny Times Jew boys? I am so surprised! 
Sjw Cunt! 
Lol creepy porn lawyer thinks he has a snowballs chance in hell of being president Lol i have a better fucking chance but i do have the advantage im not fucking batshit insane and retarded 
Tumblr Shows How Retarded The Western Left is 
Wtf? White Genocide is not nice, you jerk. Boomers don't give a shit about my generation (Z) nor any other thing outside of your own pleasures and comforts. I hope you get a nigger nurse when the time comes and that she shoots your veins with a syringe full of air because she hates whitey so much. 
I honestly have more sympathy for the niggers than I do for the coalburner. She deserved what she got. If only her nigger boyfriend died. 
Let me get this straight. Barry Sotero is a Muslim who married a man who pretends to be a woman? Yet, he is aware of the words of the Qur'an which absolutely forbid faggotry to the point of this. 
The Soviet 'maskirovka' was based on a similar ideal. For example, the retarded West believed the Warsaw Pact alliance actually existed which it did not. There was no such thing. 
This Mick bint is so f*cked up. If she had a sex change she could become human! 
Treasonous Faggot Lindsey Graham: ‘Toxic’ Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ‘Has Got to Go’ 
Nigger twitter talks about raping & killing White People 24/7 & not a damn thing is done or said. 
No just a twatter faggot 
Mad Max Is Not A Jew. Get Off My Gab And Stay Off It. Jackass 
Would somebody please explain what this retard is talking about? 
Another kike or faggot 
Well whats to counter signal? Its a little like the village retard marching around town screaming that dog dick tastes delicious, everyone knows it isn't true but its just not worth the effort to say otherwise. 
I wish Mad Max would receive a bomb and it would blow up in her stupid Nigger face! I'd laugh my ass off! All fuckin niggers must fuckin hang! Except for the ones we need for manual labor! 
Fu nigger 
And you are still too retarded to understand how stupid you sound. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Shut up humorless npc cunt boat 
. Behind their stories, plans and symbols and most of you will think, 'He's talking about a Television Show. What A Moron! We Should Be Way More Worried About What Jews Are Saying On Cnn, And AndERSOn Coopers 360 Show. ' (Also a tv show: for those irony impaired individuals out there) 
. It also leaves out that you're doing the exact same thing: attacking free speech. Namely by suggesting that Germans and others are too stupid to know propaganda when they hear it (something I actually agree with 100%) and must not be exposed to too much Jewish media. Same exact argument retarded made. 
It's great Canada did this but they're all still faggot Canadians 
Retarded on steroids. 
Very used twat 
I doubt many people asked for this, feels like a really retarded attempt to catch the interest of people that liked Pokemon Go. Little do they understand that such people aint that interested in both buying a full-price release of the same game, as well as a console to play it on. 
Just give da nigger da baton and let him march in the parade that'll keep the son of bitch happy. Lol 
Is Awlish quiet cos Derek the nigger is facing 10 to life or cos Tommys armt have her address? 
Albino animals, including moose, are real. Its a genetic defect i wouldn't brag about being Albino, that's like calling your self a nazi. Its a retard gene 
It's not Trump's fault that Obama is a touch retarded & it took him 6 yrs to figure out how the address printer works (Trump tweet is from 2012) 
. Is someone actually trying to puzzle out what a nigger is thinking? 
They are badly staged because Democrats are filled with brain dead Pac's Personal Player Characters and retarded Millennials. They are incapable of sophisticated thought. 
Omg Mr Wehrmacht Ur Not Gonna Believe This i just said to my Dad who the fuck is Babe Ruth and he started telling me about how my Great Great Great Great Great Grandma Edith Anderson used to write letters to the 1st nigger baseball player, he even showed me one! 
Well. When The Shtf, We The People Are Going To Solve This Nigger And Communist Demorat Problem. If We Don'T We Are Fkinng DonE As A Nation Created By Our White Founders. 
We will tell the niggers. " look niggah, it's our way or the highway! " ( <: 
If I see this retarded shit in public I'm going to sweep the leg. Swear to 
Another askeNAZI Jew Terrorist? They are all askeNAZI Jew Terrorist Scum! Jews are Retarded programmed robots! 
You know, you shouldn't call Liberals "retarded. " Retarded people really hate being equated with Liberals. Can't say I blame them. 
Fbi is the nigger protection league 
New Orleans doesnt have gun control. We have a nigger problem, you stupid fucking jew. 
In a sense you have. When you see heathens advocating outright murder of white Christians. I've certainly seen it. Thankfully this is a small minority in no way representative of folk religion as a whole. 
Here is the problem with that reasoning. Pretty much every single one of us has had, in the past 1000+ years, multiple generations of Christian ancestors without whom we would not even exist. Should they have all been murdered and thereby just wiped out the white race? Of course not. Plenty of philosophies are destructive, and with christians in white countries being by far a minority compared to specifically marxist and globalist ideologies, they are far from an important priority Imo. 
All these Odin LARPers have one thing in common: next to no knowledge of the Christian faith, but they wish to use it as a strawman in their LARPery. As you note, there are next to no 'pagans. ' The alleged pagans on Gab are not people of learning, but appear to be feminist catladies with a new marketing angle. 
Gonna be the devil's advocate to some extent and say I believe some of the Odinists here are sincere and learned people of good will. Not all, but definitely some. And also that one of the biggest problems is that the Christians who debate them don't know their own faith. I listened to such a debate between the catlady and a couple of Christians and I cringed at how little they knew. (Of course, truly knowledgeable Christians likely would not have been selected for that role) But I definitely do see a large part of what you are saying, and think it has a very large element of truth overall. It seems some of these people are just using paganism as an excuse to vent anti-Christian hatred moreso than to promote anything positive paganism has to offer. 
"Maple Curtain" kinda made our point for us: The message is, "If you aren't a christian, you're an ignoramus, who deserves to be abused by christians. " When we call them on their abuse - however politely - suddenly, the christian becomes the victim Note: I don't believe in magical sky beings, but I've found that pagans are more reasonable that most christians 
I've found too many on both sides who are nasty hateful creatures. And I think, on Gab, the whole social media format tends to bring out the most extreme and nasty of people like the lady in this thread who argues that now would be a great time to kill all the christians since they are now a vulnerable minority. Think about that. With fewer than 1. 5% of the people on the planet being white women of child bearing age, that lady's anti-christian feelings are so intense she'd be okay with wiping a few of that precious 1. 5% out. I am perfectly fine with both to the extent that I believe both have the potential to be positive and valuable especially in opposition at this point to globalism, materialistic atheism, nihilism, etc. My own personal religious views are complex and don't conform to what anyone says they "ought" to be. But I believe in the 14 words and I think religious infighting especially between pro-white people is way beyond stupid. Happy merchants are rubbing their hands in glee. 
Not buying it, but I'm not gonna spend all night arguing about it. ) hint: *Christians* are failing to live up the standards of behavior set for them by their own saviour. Coming from a christian, the argument that pagans are just as bad as christians is a huge fail. *Huge* fail. ) 
I don't want to argue it either. I don't think that is really my argument in fact I have not been arguing pro-christian at all. I am arguing pro-not-killing-each-other. Let me give you an example. For over a decade I have directly or indirectly promoted Odinism in particular. Back when I did a podcast, I interviewed Odinists as guests, I positively reviewed their books, etc. At various times over the past decade I have made financial contributions to both the Asatru Folk Assembly and the Odinic Rite. Back last fall when one pagan started producing a magazine, I gave it positive reviews on my news site, bought many copies of it and distributed it, etc. As recently as a week ago I pointed a friend to the Odinic Rite. For years I had nothing but positive worthwhile interactions with Odinists who are unambiguously good people with good goals. Maybe in the grand scheme of things what I was doing had no value. I don't know. But my interactions on Gab have soured me significantly. Not because I have been trying to convert pagans to christianity (which would be a pro christian position) but because I have argued against attacking Pro-White people who are Christians. For that, these pagans have quite frankly for the most part treated me abominably. And as a result, I have most certainly stopped any promotion of their creators etc. Now Who has benefited from the fact they have lost my financial and promotional support? As I said, my own personal religious views are complex. Were they known, specifically my belief in the truth of orlog, no christian would call me christian. Even so, because I am formally theologically trained, I agree that by definition No Christian keeps the law. Were it not so, they would not require a savior. But beyond that, any reasonable Christian and certainly the pro-white ones know their churches are mostly subverted and most people who call themselves Christians. Are not. 
I am Ci. I am also wearing a Volknut around my neck. The two are not incompatiable. If you’re religion isn’t political, = tool of the Jew. Patriarchy serves white well being. Feminism does not. Any religious order, (Pagan or Christian), that is not pro white should be shamed. This is a starting point of an alliance. 
And that is why Pagans will be purged from the right. It’s just a matter of time. Or they will comply. But I and people like me will always be there to constantly agitate by pointing out the poinson pill for White well being embedded in the pagan community. Lack of pigmentation is not enough to save you, nigger. 
Fuck You <YouR Mother Is A Nigger 
Caps mean he’s serious! You mad bro? 
Awww even a drunk nigger and an alleyway full of every bodily fluid there is can’t stop their love isn’t democrat love beautiful 
Well, we do keep sending them aid so they can keep reproducing like a bunch of retarded animals. 
Typical Muzzie Dicknoid 
Good morning all! Could be just my own wishful thinking, but I am feeling a change on the way for the grossness that has been inflicted on our Republic and the lawlessness of the muzzie "resettlements". 
Dara o cunt funcking transgender bbc mother fucker another remain bastard that needs knocking out like zog 
Why has nobody slotted George Soros? I just don't get it. There is not one single decent person on the planet whose life would not be improved if that psycho cunt was no longer amongst us. 
You are a despicable Racist Sexist piece of shit! But you are too retarded to understand that aren't you! You must be a monkey brain lefty! 
Watched the first episode of the New Female Doctor Who, my 18yr old lad is disgused and left in a huff, 80% black mixed rainbow of fucking diversity new Doctors outfit sports the fucking sexual deviant rainbow, this is for kids. Pure indoctrination. 
Dr Who. It was good while it lasted. But, its owned by the Bbc who are nothing more than leftist useful idiots. Propagating "diversity" while managing to eliminate the indigenous population. 
Yep, I quit watching after they got the nigger assistant for the last Doc 
You misunderstand, Jon. Yahweh is a clueless twat who, if you absorb the biblical account, had about as much sense as a couple of epileptics sharing a bowl of noodles in the dark. Fuck you and your Bronze-age mythology. Grow the fuck up. 
Commie pinko globalist backed Demorats - If I can't control it, then it's "evil" an must be destroyed. If I control it, then it's sacred & crucial to a "civilized society" an must be defended at all costs an those who oppose it are backward inbred redneck hillbillies an the enemies of our "Democracy/Mob Rule" 
Where are the nigger faggots? You are demon possessed White Trash Faggots! Posted on MAGABomber thread and posting here for Justice. 
Are all christians as illiterate as you? I think that sandnigger religion has made you retarded 
Thought the top left was a retarded kid that was getting tortured? 
Racism and Pornography are the gatekeepers of true free speech. 
Ok. Now Die Nigger Die! ( <: 
Jo Cox rimming the assholes of a muzzie rape gang. 
A bull shit pic who cares, some fuck whit sent me a composite pic and recons it proves something. I must say it proves the sender is a cunt 
Nazis possibly used carts Like this to move bodies. Nazis did or they did not. Nazi is a bullshit word when The Holocaust Is A Lie 
Fuckin' nigger 
Along With Your Dimwitted And Highly Retarded Governor. 
That screencap is fake. I've looked it up. Still retarded though. 
Free speech is free speech, so go fuck you mother you fucking retarded dirt bag! 
Which retarded shitbag is saying this stupid shit. Weapon of the left: calling campaigns. Let's keep it limited in scope to their offices. Keep phones ringing to fuck with these people just as they have done to our family, friends, and employers. 
I'm running my penis down your mothers Neck you little Cunt! 
Who the fuck in their right mind would want to flood their country with retarded bongo lipped apes? 
Not sure if trolling or retarded 
Why is the faggot on Shepard Smith saying this guy in reference to whomever created the bombs? Fake Id coming. 
How on earth are the walking around the streets of the United States of America and not one of these evil cunt s not shoot dead or blown up come on American patriots 
The writing was on the wall as soon as it was announced the new doctor was a woman. They should have done that back in the 90's in the ep where the dr was trying on new bodies and one was a women. Back then it would have made a statement. Now it is just pc bullshite to make the sjw and pc (pretentious cunt brigade) happy. Fuck 'em all. 
Retard 
6 months and you can report he also files for bankruptcy too. That nigger looks like a tootsie-pop that got left in the floorboard of a car in the summer heat 
I understand you're a faggot ) 
Just shrug and tell the cops, 'someone's doing the jewing' 
Lol I'm not following you faggot 
What are you on about you fucking kike? No one has to prove anything. I don't follow you, and the only reason we're conversing is because you went out of your way to mention me. Literally kill yourself. 
I love to ram that Mike down is fucking throat im chocking I'm chocking good die you cunt god say you must die Haase 
Because you are a cunt 
Did your golden retard deport an ancient 'nazi' to Germany though? 
Don't you just want to see that uppity nigger and his boyfriend dangling at the end of a rope? 
Nigger violence tactic, met with Christian mercy. May God reward him and his trusting friend. 
The Retard in this one is incredible. It also illustrates that libtards are fat and nasty, conservatives are fit and healthy. Or the dyke wouldn't be whining about it. 
You fags sure do like talking about sucking dicks. Projection? 
Oh look it's the civnat squad. Haven't seen y'all around for a while. I suppose it's no coincidence that you're back just as there's been an influx of porn spamming and other Jidf kikery. 
Lmao this "tripleKmafia" fellow (who as im sure you know is ironically a major optics cuck) thinks we're not being spammed with porn by kike shills. Maybe if you hadn't been Bullied back to Twitter like a little bitch you'd know what's been going on around here 
Funny how you just implicitly accused me of "porn spamming" and when I point out that you're a lying retard, you go "So Uh You'Re Saying It Never Happens! Kike Shall! ". I also never went back to twitter. Your sad attempt at an own just fell flat, faggot. 
Wow you're a retard. Talk about delusional. I was insinuating that you're a jewish shill and you've come back with all the other jew shills at a time when the fire is rising quickly as you kike shills always do, not that you yourself were spamming porn here. Up your reading comprehension lol. 
>brings up kike shill porn spaming >throws kike shill accusation >"I-I'm not implicating you" Sure you're not, retard. Then why bring it up then? Try harder, fag. 
>comes back to gab right as theres an influx of kike shills >gets called out for being the optics cucking kike shill he is >too stupid to interpret attack for what it is so accuses person who calls him out for the kike shill he is of being a like shill How many Jidf boxes are you gonna check off in this convo, jew boy? If youre not a kike shill then why you back with them? 
Well I guess you just sequestered yourself to your little andrew anglin fanclub safe space cuz you ain't resonating with anybody who matters or doing anything to build bridges with the normies like you always claim you wanted to but never actually did unlike us who'ce accomplished more while y'all been gone than you ever could have hoped to. 
>wignats >Accomplishing anything Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Like What? Faggoty Ass Rallies? Patrick Little'S Retarded Tour? Shitposting About Kikes And Niggers On Gab? You faggots are delusional. Y'all are nothing more than a bunch of fart huffing revolutionniggers on the internet. 
What does that make you? Cuz if that's what we are, you're far less effective. What exactly have you AmNats accomplished? Near as I can tell you're too afraid to do anything witho the evil, scary Nazis to protect your faggot asses but can't be seen with them cuz you have a reputation with pussy assed liberals or something to protect. Where am I wrong? 
We have people going into their local Gop and taking over little by little from the boomers. Meanwhile, you fags do nothing but sit around Larp about revolutions and ethnostates or blackpilling. Also, protect us? From whom? Lol 
I very much doubt that you know anyone personally who's done this and are just speculating but I'll indulge you anyway. What's your specific goal in subverting the Gop, as in, what has to happen for you to claim victory? When do you expect this to happen? And where are you in achieving this goal? 
It would be better to infiltrate the democratic socialists and plant listening devices amongst other things. 
I think that in areas that are solid blue, infiltrating the Dsa could definitely have it's value if you know what you're doing. 
Faggot 
Sounds like dad is a faggot soy boy. 
Does this include when a muzzie calls a woman who is not wearing a garbage bag on her head a whore? 
You're too stupid to realize she went by the constitution, innocent until Proven guilty. There was no guilt proven by that cunt Ford. 
Good lord, before he would be considered a mentally retarded 
This sheboon cunt enrages me. 
Retarded 
Okay, that is by far. The most retarded thing I have read today. (So far) 
Ah right, that was a damned silly thing for him to do then, stupid Islamist twat 
We are so lucky that we have the compulsory voting, but even so, we still elect garbage into parliament, so much for our intelligence isn't it? Just look at the collection of human criminals. Thurdbull, the Short arse, The most immoral parasite in the nation the Acvt's Chief minister the ugly sob. Qld, old hag the commie cunt, and Wa's worthless cunt 
Nope but thanks. Get this. I done being 'advised' by losers that Mlk Cock up the ass for fun. Basically if 'swearing' offends you. You are worthless. Personally You. Fighting folks swear. Working Folks Swear. Cunt Country Club traitors. They use Posh English. 
Get the cunt and obama 
A nigger is still a nigger 
Retarded 15yo somehow hacks into a secure highschool database and all he does is change a phone number? 
Nothing pisses me off more than selfish cunts who Murder babies because the cunt refused to take responsibility during sex. Every women who has had an abortion (not from rape, or illness) should have a bullet put in their head. 
Another manky faggot 
Imagine being this cucked. 
Do something about then you silly little faggot Pos Degenerate liberal. We're all waiting for your little bitch session. 
Students Demand Professor Be Fired After He Champions Due Process, Says ‘Accusers Sometimes Lie’ We really may need to send a good deal of these college students to re-education camps. It's pretty bad when shit like this is happening. I do Not want to live in the same country with communist assholes like these entitled little faggot SJWs. 
We Can Not having these P. O. S. Teaching our children! 
The white pc liberals will do the same thing to Poc if they begin to do their own thing. March to their own drummer like white conservatives do! The white liberals are power freaks. They empower blacks as long a s blacks are their obedient pets. 
He's like The Tremors. I mean, I know he's a retard but, he just keeps on doing smart things. Paris Hilton struck me the same way a little while ago when she was even in Altosphere articles. I don't know if it still applies. 
There are No Jews Called Pharisees Today, you retarded fuck. Lololol 
Lol, elections have consequences. That retarded fuck up obama, turned everything he touched into shit. The Only good thing to come out of the black Marxists’ reign of incompetence and crime spree was that he brought Trump into politics, lol, now they’re really screwed. I’ve traced it back to 2011, so all the lefts angst and misery can be blamed on the Retaded Megalomaniac Marxist, watch: 
Smug twat waffle, I hope they put him in with the general population. His politics won't save him. 
A retarded faggot like you should just shut the fuck up and let people assume that you don’t know shit, instead of opening your mouth and removing all doubt. 
This means that the humanoid variety of faggot is next for this experiment. 
Aussie faggot 
Fuck off kangaroo jew sucking faggot 
This is when Karma comes back to bite u in ur ass, scumbag beatch 
I do not think she ever claimed she is A A. Except niggers from Jamaica originally hailed from Africa. She Black. But I wonder how based her indian origin momma has to be to bear a child with a nigger and not abort. Sorry. Was that rayyyycisss? 
I've never seen such hysterical, retarded behaviour 
We need to start really watching what jobs we allow severely retarded mentally ill people to do. 
A mentally ill person working at google and having access to its powerful tools, is far more dangerous than a paranoid schizo with an arsenal of guns and bombs. 
Bwahaha. A thug pig wasted by another thug - good riddance! Great that an untermensch badge nigger got what he deserved. Pigs are the absolute worst human scum, who enforce Zog's anti American and unconstitutional statutory laws, and routinely abuse powers that they shouldn't have in the first place, the swines! Fuck 'em! 
Read this you stupid pos. Fuck you. Bitch and you're muted. Dumb scum basement dweller. Punk cocksucking ass fucking Little liberal shit. 
Nobody knows who the fuck you are or what you think you did nigger 
I want as aggressive a probe on feinchinese and her sock-puppet, Ford. I want it to go back 40 years. I'd like to see her every yearbook, every calendar; old boyfriends; finances - especially Ford, where's the cool million going from her not less than five Go-Fund-Me money laundering accounts. I want them put under a microscope. If Feinchinese is licensed by the Bar, I want her disbarred. And I want Feinchinese in front of a military tribunal for crimes against humanity; cruel and unusual punishment; treason; espionage; attempting a coup against the President. And I want the Bitch Ford prevented from discussing anything having to do with this debacle; no speaking fees; no book deals. The Cunt should not be able to profit from ruining a man and his family's Lives. They will never recover completely. They will survive, but this will linger like a rank odor, a cloud over All of them. My heart goes out to his children. We All know how Cruel children can be to one another - not to mention rabid lieberal ones. 
Everyone who is r*de is a nigger 
Insidious twat 
Congratulations on being a faggot 
Missing you on Twat and Threadreader, man, especially your insights on Jamal Khashoggi this week. Sure looks like a false flag to me. Cheers! Stay safe! 
It's really unfortunate too. I think if our court system wasn't so fuckin Poz'd more people would. The commies know that nothing will happen to them- not legally so they're embolden with their bullshit. That's why you have scrawny 110 pound faggots out there thinking they can take on some Chad. It's not because they're stronger or tougher or better- it's because they know that Chad doesn't want to spend life in prison for breaking the faggot in half. 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
You’re the retard following trumpyou’re so stupid you make Down syndrome patients look smart 
I'll bet you don't have the balls to criticize the jews or the coloreds - right, bitch? 
Oh, And I said Nigger and you only said colored so who has the balls? 
Act of retard more like it, nothing exploded either they are fake or he was retarded as hell 
'All of Honduras wants to come here' Facing tightened security, waves of Hondurans continue to try to make it to the Us, saying they have no other choice. This Dna is the worst Dna in the world. Only the nigger is more inferior than these small short brown stupid people 
If you’re a gay nigger on Gab and looking for a good Bj, go hit them up at. They’ll be more than happy to oblige. 
He will nurse baby nigglets from his man boobs too. 
Back to moms basement you go faggot 
Are you doing anything to stop the jews pushing White Genocide? Are you exposing them? Are you working inside the jewish community to stop them? Jews attack Whites collectively. Tell me how that ass tastes. 
She's just another kike. Slightly more subversive than most. She'll be a good lesson for many who figure there are "good Jews". 
I'd put in the Steinlight camp. She thinks jews are moving too quickly, which is waking Whites to jewish loxism, and infinity nigger is making her living conditions less pleasant. 
You’re a retard 
He's not a retard. Blacks vote Democrat, and Democrat policies attract blacks. So what you say and what he says are both correct. 
Oh, I have no problem with the Niggers attempting to create a Wakanda. I support them all the way. As long as that is in Africa. 
No, no. According to the Jews and the Niggers, the images on the left are actually Nigger accomplishments. 
The stupid cunt needs to be done with obstruction of Justice. They're just doing her with violating the Swedish aviation act by remaining standing when the plane was set to take off". Swedish cucks and their stupid women. Worse than Canadians. 
Let's not get carried away. Turdhole is a fucking retarded traitor! 
Fuck the "driving while black" bull. Breathing while nigger within 1000 miles of humans should be a death penalty offense. 
Pastor gave an unusual sermon this morning, heavy on brain science, explaining how intellect, emotion, & will can help or retard your faith. Hmm, didn't Dostoevsky illustrate the same points in The Brothers Karamazov: Dmitri, the willIvan, intellect. Alyosha. Emotion. Alyosha for the win; Dmitri got saved & got the girl; Ivan got dead. 
Faggot knows he’s losing. What a fucking weasel 
"What do you not see from my School of Advanced Faggotry" 
Southpark was comedy central ackshuallly Shows how clever you are nigger 
Oooh. Soo they were genuinely retarded then? This is what I am taking away form that! 
Marco Rubio is a faggot and mitt Romney is a fake Christian. 
I'll have a go. His name is nigger lover. 
Knew it was coming you jew bashing cunt 
Now the Moron pundits on Fox Business are saying that Nikki Haley would be a good running mate for Trump in 2020. Stupid! Mike Pence is a great Vp and women don't need visuals to make them change from not voting to voting. Stop treating us like we are Stupid! Damn Assholes Used Feminism To Get Votes Now This Bullshit! Trump won plenty of women and will do so again! 
Sorry, you're only allowed to have a vagina if you hate men or you're a faggot who pretends he's a woman. 
So fascistic economics can't be used on a global scale? Really? Are you retarded? 
It's Ok for that immigrant to take your job Fake Females should never have been allowed to apply, that was almost as bad as the Moslem Kenyan Cunt you were with! 
You rabid antisemites are very annoying and none too bright. 
Oh, I'm so upset a filthy, dirty commie Jew posted a retarded meme at me. You are a disgusting piece of filth, and a child of satan. 
Cunt must think she's in Africa! 
I bet the cunt never opened up a textbook, we learned this crap in middle school. I have a dick, therefore I count as male. Having a cunt makes you female, being a cunt just makes you unpleasant to hang around. 
You're mom still sold her ass to niggers. That's why you're angry. Make up all the gay nigger fantasies you want, but that fact will never change. Sorry. 
Glad you liked it! Her retarded facial expressions are really something else. Lol 
Glen Greenwald is a rump rangling butt monkey, all these open fag types are always running around worried about their human right to be a faggot. I hope Bolsonaro crushes human rights 
Really? You included Andrew in this. You got your ass handed to you, so you tattled. Past tense. For nothing actionable. What a retarded pussy. 
This take is nonsense. Social media is the new public square. If you come into the public square, start screaming about some dumb bullshit, like block buttons being good, and I want to reply and say that what you just said is dumb, stupid, retarded bullshit (like your take here is) you should not be able to have me dragged out of the public square. You don't have to listen to me of course you would be stupid not to listen to me, but it's your right. What you shouldn't be able to do is prevent Other people from listening to me, because then all they hear is your nonsense take and they can't hear how dumb, stupid, moronic, idiotic, and retarded block buttons are. And that denies them the choice of hearing both sides. The mute button provides each individual person the decision of who they listen to. The block button lets people decide what Other people can hear, and that's just not acceptable in the new digital public square. Block buttons are commie. @a knows this. Bad decision, bad takes all around from those who support it, not a good move. Will cancel Pro support if this goes live. 
There's just too many funny and/or cool ppl on Gab. Welcome to the club, you glorious cunt: P It's all fun and games here. The party never st0ps. 
Everyone get out and vote and stop this cunt from getting the chair. 
Turdicus Nigger! Turds In The Bottom Of Your Septic Tank STInK Like Hell! 
Those useful idiots aren't desperate and downtrodden. They are well paid (translate: nigger rich) opportunistic paid actors in new clean clothes playing a role written for them by George Soros. 
That article has a pretty reasoned take and some referenced case law but if you want to be a cunt and argue against free speech then go ahead and try to prove that a loli is underage Pro tip: you can't. That's why sites like 4chan have entire boards of it. Dumbass 
Its a retard party 
That Stupid Muslim Loving Cunt Needs Hung Like That Other Cunt May In The Uk. 
Pos scum bag Muzzie asshole! 
We've got hillbilly gals like that in my area that dress just like that at the gun ranges it's kind of hard to concentrate on the target when they're around 
Wow, Gab will allow any retard to join. Don't worry you'll be gone by Monday. 
Lol dumb nigger bitch 
Faggot 
See how fat that nigger is. In 5 years when there's no food it will starve to death. 
Check this faggot out, 
And this dumb nigger should be taking a knee somewhere on the south or west side of Shitcago where all his fellow pavement apes are killing each other. But But he is No Where to be found 
Pres Trump Deserves One With His Hard Work. Asshole Nigger Obama Got One For Doing Nothing. 
Rofl! Wow, we're all shaking in our boots now! We're more worried about when you all go full retard and start suicide bombing. Felafel is the least of our worries. Besides, I've always been a grilled steak and potatoes guy anyway, you can have your fancy fried dog food. 
What's all the fuss about. They are quite obviously just 3 high spirited young Muslim children who we let in to save them from the brutality of their war torn home. They are probably only 12 or 13 if you look at them through the eyes of a retarded liberal leftist. 
Is down right my favorite rock star in the White House. It's pretty much why I'm here, when she was brutally attacked by repeated Fag scum at Twitter, , , and triggered me full on defense, , The fags revolted, and the rest is history. 
Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
Hillary Is Nothing Other Than A Vile Cunt! 
A grotesque snapshot of a lying cunt intent on ruining a man and his family. How, in God's name, could she even let a smile come upon her ugly face during an act of such immense evil. Burn in hell bitch! 
Insanity among Jews is high. Why they make such good demagogues or direct leaders as their puppets. Insanity is obsessive and compulsive. They never quit. 
Jews are very predictable, they use the exact same jew phrases and jew tactics over and over again in the exact same jew way - just like mental cases do. 
They are very easily programmable and Factually retarded! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
I don't support calling them that. I think they will like it, thinking it's edgy or something. The name needs to reflect their retarded mentality and authoritarian nature. 
So you want free speech for You but not for anyone else? Whatever you kike fucktard, go gas yourself 
That's not what he's saying, nigger lover. 
But but but she is a fucking Nigger 
- "A screening of the award-winning [fag] film 'The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros'. The coming-of-age [fag] film features a [homo] teen from the slums who falls in love with a copOne of the best Filipino [fag] movies of all time". 
Its a not so subtle blueprint for every pedo faggot to watch. 
You're retarded 
Better a White Nationalist than a retarded shitskin monkey! 
Damn right, Fear me or i'll be your downfall, you little Mickey Mouse Cunt! 
Alex Jones breaks down how the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting that killed eight is the latest move by the Deep State to sow civil unrest and effect the historic upcoming midterm election. 
Trump is a piece of shit followed by brainless retarded sheep. Violent unstable pigs with tiny dicks. 
You are a mental case. Get help retard. Obamas Not In Office. Fuck are u people stupid. 
What a fag you are. Maga: eat shit and choke on it pig. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
You’re a nigger kike 
Nigger assaults white teacher on video. White teacher gets suspended without pay. 
With the advent of Citizen Journalists the News Papers have become obsolete and corrupt. Virtually all News Papers are outlets for the Nigger loving left wing retards who twist and warp every paragraph they print to support the Faggot loving liberal view. America is turning away from the freaks of the Demonrat/Fascist party in droves. 
O'brien's a twat 
Hah. One of the judges is you American's hero, the faggot Jew skater Adam Rippon. 
Don't girls and woman matter anymore that people like this twat thinks he can justify comments like this what a fucking country this is st grooming mainlying Muslim men raping underage white girls britain Muslim council trying to rule our army and terrorist's been let back in after fighting for isis 
Replacing a Paki with a Nigger? 
In Our Lovely Australia I smell a civil war and I am 75, it just may happen in my time, as arseholes in Canberra are not fucken listening to us. We do not need any Barbarians African or Moslims slime. Out of Un and get the hell out of Paris fest talk, and lets have some clean Coal Powers station and cheap energy 
In Wentworth you elect that vile piss flaps, and you have just committed High treason. When Thurdbul comes back Let us all welcome the cunt with Baseball bats 
I swear to God if anything is going to kill Gab it's going to be @a 's shitty Pr strategy, like for fucks sake man show some fucking professionalism. Not saying to be fake like every other tech ceo but at least don't act like like a retard, acting like a retard is for people like me not for the Ceo of a major social network. 
B-but he's just like Trump! Professionalism is for fags. 
Stupid Fuck Nigger! 
Sinking the Ss Muzzie would ensure it's only used once. If you traffic invaders, you should have to go down with the ship. 
Lying cunt 
This is what happens when you overpay a American hating racist antiwhite anti-American kneeling nigger too much money, as a uneducated Ape he should’ve stayed in school & used his talent to pursue his ignorance in life, send these Planet of the apes anti-Americans to the military to serve & earn their right to be in America 
Retarded or a Boomer? Or both? 
Who could give a fuck what this exceptionally stupid nigger says, stop giving shit like this free ink. 
You dumb faggot 
God your ppl remain so retarded by not accepting Islam is greater threat! 
Slutty cunt 
Fat cunt de nitro trump has punch you fat cunt guts in you sick weak cunt one you us to like trump just like all you two face pedo supports get what coming to them 
"A conservative wouldn't have a nigger fucking their wife. " You're right, they'd rather let a Kike do it. 
They live for natural or contrived disasters so they can do this filthy nigger shit 
This poorkids education just got thrown in the bin thanks to niggers. She's probably going to be attacked too. Luisianna state university are pandering to the nigs im disgusted. 
Lol! This pot head nigger bitch is the one equating herself to a monkey! Dumb nigger! 
Fuck off with that retarded mentality Bs! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Screenshoot this threat, you're a child I'm an adult, keep calling me a faggot and see how I react 
Niggers 
I like hockey but even that is becoming bogged down with high yellas, mystery meat and the occasional bang-ganging nigger that has a posse of mudsharks 
I even thumbed you up for this one, communist jew scumbag. White is right. Now go back to your nigger whore communist cunt. 
Very cute black puppy. One of the few black animals that are cute. And that's the only way you'll get this guy to approve of anything you post. Maybe you have a heart, even. But your mind is totally fucked. Miscegenationists deserve death, too- 
She's a fucking nut job, probably sucks sand nigger cock 
No one in their right mind doubts that Obama & his Admin put the full force of the American gov't + the white homo cunt countries (Aus-Nz-England), , , and, , committed Treason during the 2016. Treason punishment under common law generally included drawing, hanging, beheading, and quartering. That's how Serious Betraying your Tribe was. But now we're bad if we say it? Pfftt. Fu. 
Wenn die ihr Land zurückbekommen dann wird es zum selben Shithole wie der Rest Afrikas. Diese Nigger sind nicht fähig Dinge aufzubauen oder zu erhalten. Die können nur ficken und zerstören. Sorry, aber seht euch mal die Geschichte Afrikas an. Sobald einer Macht erlangt raubt er was er kann. 
Nigger Go Home! Saints Rb Alvin Kamara Wears 'Make Africa Home Again' Hat and Kaepernick Jersey to Stadium 
I hate that this cunt brings this out the hate in me. Praying for the day justice will prevail and she will hang until dead for crimes against humanity. Anyone voting democrat I consider a traitor. After this appalling coup, attempts at stripping our civil rights; shutting down 1A, taking away 2A, 4A +++, they need to be Jailed and dispatched by military tribunal, not rewarded with even more power. 
No retard, Ethiopians are not Hebrew. Ishmaelites are 1/2 semetic through Abraham. Ethiopians are not descendant of Ishmael. Muslims used to castrate blacks. Jews are 0% semetic, they are Khazarian huns who converted to the Talmud in 740AD. 
No retard northern Africa is semitic because of its relation the arabs. Again sub saharan Africans arent the same as northern Africans. You Can Look This Up YouRSELF. Lmfao 
Are you finally happy, you jew bitch, nigger, sand nigger lovin ignorant, fuckin cunt? 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Oh look, all the politicians and media have already hung, drawn and quartered this man who had a tiff on a 'RyanAir aircraft with a wog women. But their silence over Black/Coon crime is deafening. This incident proves we should have segregated travel, based on race. 
No! The same happened to me 5 days ago. Do what I did. Be quiet in front of everyone, but silently hassle the cunt beside you! Smile to the next person! Be apologetic. They are left, but you are Right! 
Bloody muzzie Paki scum! 
There's nothing like ripping off anime images from some anti-Gab retard on Twitter and repurposing them as a suggestion on how to deal with anti-Gab retards on Twitter. 
Foolish is waiting till after the primaries are over to bitch about Gop candidates, that's a nigger tier lack of agency. You don't shape the party during general elections, you do it at the low turnout primaries where white agency has an effect. Is it better to make it harder to build a wall? Does your local house Gop candidate know you by name? Mine does 
Mitch McConnell and the Gop filth, and Trump (on the advice of his kike son in law), targeted Mo Brooks in favour of that worthless faggot Luther Strange. The correct primary candidate was anyone but Luther Strange. 
The Retards always use a foul mouth and perverse sexual innuendo. It is called projection and it illustrates who they really are! A Retard who likes it up the Ass! 
Fool Idiot Cunt This is how Canadian Pm Justin Trudeau thinks he is sticking it to Donald Trump vía 
If I sat at dinner with Anderson Cooper I would just bring up ass smell and buttfucking and cum eating because he's a faggot. 
Vile cunt 
Lying cunt 
The Jew media cut the video so you can't see that it was a old man that they were attacking. This is the unedited video. 
Stfu! No one asked for your faggot opinions. I told you before projection doesn't work on me. Go fuck your own face! 
Retarded is one of my favorite words. 
I see that Itv's production of Vanity Fair by William Thackeray has been given the Sjw treatment. They've 'fantasied' this classic piece of English literature by crow-barring a Negroid in as one of the main characters. 
More to come, niggers in all movies, Tv series, all sports, nigger here, nigger there, nigger nigger every fucking where 
I beg to differ. Facts do not scare Democrats! They do not have a clue what they are so how can they scare them! They literally are so brainwashed retarded they cannot actually understand a Fact! 
Too many people are caught up on the celebrity couple and not the tactic used by the magazine. Fucking hell, it would be miraculous if you could get the retarded masses not to care about celebrities. 
The photograph depicts everything that is wrong with the world. A twat shouldn't be in that position in the first place. 
Upvote if you hate nazis! 
Oh I Nazis. Let's ban the Jew! Or uh banish, ya banish. 
Why are jew haters on Gab. Andrew Torba is a slavic jew. Worst of the worst according to that faggot hitler 
Liberals are lunatics. Anti-Trump liberals are retarded mental case lunatics. These are dangerous, violent, sub-humans. Jennings death comes just months after House Majority Whip, Steve Scalise, and four other Republicans we shot by another anti-Trump lunatic during baseball practice in Virginia. 
Has any twat in power got the fucking message yet? Islam Is The Problem - remove it from the western hemisphere, not just Britain 
Corney booger is a nigger's nigger 
Doesn't this idiot know what those retarded savage invaders do? Or does he not care about them raping and killing Whites! Fucking nigger lover and his beloved invaders are a threat to Western civilisation and need to be killed! 
Disgusting women are always left tarded. And western society treats women like small retarded children. Anyone letting women off the hook deserves the same punishment. 
Imagine having that many more niggers to support. Fuck that 
This nigger loving turd that wants 15 million more nogs to feed muted me like I'm the bad guy. Fucking based 
This is the cuckest shit I've ever seen. When I saw this I wanted to punched the screen why the fuck do we let these assholes on our Television and run our entertainment. America deserves a better class of entertainers. 
Look at the projection how the fuck am I a Soros sucker If I'm pro American you retarded Leprechaun your the Soros sucker go watch your women get raped by sandniggers and sit back and do nothing with your dick in your hand like a coward you leftist eurocuck 
I guarantee you it's because Gavin Mckennis stuck a dildo up his ass on live Tv and faggot tongue kissed Milo on videoguaranteed 
You’re just a raving faggot that comes out of the woodwork, aren’t you? 
I say it. White men pay for everyone else. Period. Brown people and women have a net negative when it comes to taxation and a net positive when it comes to hand outs. ^^ all of them are niggers living a nigger life of nigger theft of another man's wages. 
The first picture doesnt even look real, it's like something from one of those nigger spoof movies, holy shit 
Ya The Lil Pee Pee Wee Wee She xi Can Go Fuck Himself With His FuckED Up Downssydrome Mind. Dont Ever Run Your Fentanyl Or Any OTheR Illicit Drug Into My Country Again U Fairy FAGGoT Whos Always Smiling As If He GoT A Dildo Up His Arse. Stay Away From Me And Keep Ur Cowardly Cocksuckers With Tattoos On TheIR Faces, And OTheRS, Away From Me. {Side story: That smile on lil pee pee She xi reminds me of a guy in my platoon who always had a smile on his face and one day he disappeared and we found out he was fucking his mother and his sister, ohhhh ouuuu! Take that sheit to china. } Read THis Carefully People. The Baby Killer netanyahu Ho WHo Is A Filthy Dirty Kike Genetic jew WAsTREL FELOnY COMMOn Thief Hacking And Cracking With FuckED Up China Using TheIR "[I. T. ]" Pact Whichs Interfering With OUr ELECTIOnS Power Grids PENTAGoN-SECUrITY And Much MOrE. TheSE Two MOTheRFuckERS And TheIR BAndIT Countries Have Committed MAny Acts Of War AgainST My Country The Best Country On GoDS Green Earth The United States Of AMeRICA. LIfT Me Up Into OfFICE And The Cocksucker Freaks Baby Starvers MUrDERERS Wounders Will Be Stopped Lickity-Split-Quick QuickLY. <===You Pig Genetic Jews Jewesses WHo HaveNT The Nerve Todo Whats COrRECT FOr The WOrLD Take Ur ABOMINATIOnS And A Slow Boat To MAINLAnd China Make-HAsTE. And Dont COMe Back Y'All HeAR. 
Hoping this clown Nigger Racist runs for president of the Nigger States of America, it will cause the biggest white wave in history, & bring about a call for extermination of every white ass sucking liberal socialist pig in America, Wake Up White People Ur Race is Under Attack, just wait & see I garantee you’ll be a victim of these white erasing militant Racists 
Exactly how Retarded are You? Why do you beleive all the filthy Racist askeNazi Jew Lies? Ignorance is not very flattering is it! Why do you think a Nazi Jew would ever tell the truth! Jews are human sewage! 
Dude? This only proves you are a retard because they are the only ones using this term. Exactly what don't you get? We know the askeNAZI Jews did 911, they also did slavery in America, and of course the holocaust of the 17 million good German people in WW2 and the 66 mil white Christian in Russia and Ukraine plus all the other genocides obviously. All wars are askeNAZI Jew Banker wars, and they are not semitic nor are they really Jewish as they are barbarians from Khazar Russia, descendents of Attilla the Hun. IsraHELL is the synagogue of Satan and that is a Fact. It appears you didn't work out shit! You are a brainwashed monkey brain! AskeNAZI Jews are human sewage and the cause of all the worlds problems! 
Fucking retarded 
The inevitable clash of Feminism and Black Lives Matter has arrived. Who is the bigger victim: the insane woman who is desperate for attention, or the little Black boy who dindu nuffin? 
Problem is the dindu really dindu nuffin. This is just an entitled, self important cunt being just that. 
This Cunt made a fortune on Uranium! , he is presently trying to save his ass (life, freedom) and those of his co-conspirators (upper echelon Fbi, Doj, State, and Charlie Iai) Mueller is a plug-in, a flunkie, a sweeper, a maid; a bought and sold compromised Democratic Spoiled Operative who knew that Killary had it in the bag 
What would look best on Hillicide? Crosshairs or mill dots. 
Really tight tight chokeher! 
Hands on. 
Tx schools required 2 waste money giving all H. S. Students lesson on how not 2b a dumb nigger during traffic stop. Things like, cop is allowed 2 ask u 2 get out of ur car, u stupid nigger. & , no u can't just drive away cuz u think u dindu nuffin, u stupid nigger. Yet another cost 2 our society of having 40 million dangerous borderline retards 
"Hur dur dur you are a communist" said the communist nigger 
How retarded is it to proudly wave the flag of the country you are supposedly fleeing 
Careful, beating up a nigger and a kike might get you popped for a hate crime. 
How about no faggot petition and just point your guns at your leaders who are giving your country away to islam? The leaders who would rather toss you in jail for saying something "mean" you posted on twatter than prosecute a muslim piece of shit for raping your women? 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
No fags here im a straight white married 51 year old woman with a child. I wear many hats. Faggot is not one. I stand up for the christian faith. Race has nothing to do with it. If you truly did follow me youd know my views. Im against those against god and jesus. I choose not to keep offending god our father. 
You need to grow your balls back and stand up for your race, white man. You sound like a faggot. 
Tell that twat Rbg that this is what fakers look like. 
If that nigger gets any fatter he won't fit in any chair. 
Cum Pocket Nigger 
Obaama Is A GLOBALIsT Deep State Half Nigger Piece Of Shit! 
Imagine being this retarded that you seriously equate anti-Jew wrongthink with child rape and suicide bombings. You are the one trying to bring Gab down with your constant demand that Torba censor people you disagree with. You fake patriot faggots came here long after we did and have been trying to destroy it ever since. If you don't like it here, Leave. You're right, you will not survive because unfortunately for you, wood chippers don't know the difference between a John McCain loving civnat and a Communist. 
I can picture this dumb cunt saying that too 
So, we have another Lesbian socialist -Communist leaning bitch in the parliament. Wait till the Commie cunt Shorten comes in. Fuckem Moslim slime and barbarians will rush to the borders. Australians; Warning Dangerous Times Are Comming To Us BECOUsE Of Our Short Sightedness. Wake up you lousy cunts, as you are destroying the Nation 
When this thhhhhhhhurdbull comes back with his cunt, lets welcome the cunt with the rotten eggs in every place we can get him, including his dickhead son, lets make sure he does not poke his head out of his Point Piper home 
Hey Mr Hate why is it you 3 come out one at a time? Could it be all 3 of these Profiles are actually One person? And you're little Faggot Id or are you 3 little faggots so stuck on each other you just have to come running when one of your little Queer Buddies can't defend themselves 
I said this from the start, unfortunately, that Europhile cunt in Downing Street still wants to bow to Junker. She Must go, Now! 
Zuck is such a faggot 
What does this feckless cunt Lucia Graves have against a woman's choice to make a commitment and a woman's choice about with whom she will associate? How is it Any of Ms Graves' concern And for years we have been told that the left was pro-choice, but it seems to depend on what the choices are that one makes. 
Fuck you clinton cunt 
Joe is a faggot 
It is better than being married to a nigger is all that needs to be written but a six year old shouldn't be writing love letters 
Two words you fucking wanna be rambos. Predator drone. 
I've seen some retarded shit online before, but bubba here thinking he can shoot down a drone from 25k feet is comedy gold. You should go on the his-story channel and teach everyone your skill set. 
Yes, is anti-Christian. Unabashedly. We don't turn the other cheek. The meek will inherit Nothing. Embrace your. Eschew all forms of. "Where you see evil, speak out against it. And give No Truce to your enemies. " 
I do not see Christians gloating about killing pagans without some prior attacks levied on that Christian. Christians hate the Aztecs over their 10, 000 years of human sacrifice and cannibalism. Is that wrong? 
Critical thought. Critical thought is not an attack. By all means go claim injury. Claim injury for your god for all it does you or anyone such great things doesn't it. Such clumsily veiled "prior attacks levied" threats. Just don't be a retard and come up with these new-world xtian boogey men. 
My image? Go fuck yourself, ya optics cucked faggot. I don't need to qualify myself to you, or give a fuck when we get around to throwing fags like you off a fuckin' roof. 
Oh, the no true Scotsman, bullshit. "No real Christian would curse at strangers on Gab. Meek, meek, turn the other cheek, bullshit. " Then, suggest that because I fail your no true scotsman fallacy, I must be a Muzzie or Jew? Are you actually that fucking dumb. 
You come across as an american gasbag redneck xtian, throwing in a bunch of fucks here and there to supposedly make a point. Some people can use any word and have style. You seem to think it covers for all the things you promise, like kicking my ass around. Yet here I am, laughing at your Aztecfobia. 
100% correct. Pagan stupidity is getting in the fucking way right now. It's Absurd how Dumb they are when it with reading comprehension. Pagans make selling Hitler more difficult than the Kikes do. If you gave a Pagan a copy of "To Kill A Mockingbird" they would Nigger that off as ridiculously as they do the Bible. "Atticus Finch was a welder and Puerto Rican! " 
You know I follow every bit of it that except that bit of 'Pagan' or maybe it makes sense idk. But it doesn't matter, great quote there. 
If this confuses someone, Confuses Them about the Trinity then they are a fuckinG Idiot. You got a Purple Star for being a Trinity denying fag and sent to a concentration camp for being so stupid. 20 verses into Genesis and they are Confused. Just clawing at their skin. Inner struggle, just beside themselves. 
And now you're off into you're new world again. Usually there is some correlation between the messages. 
Uhhhh, I said their reading comprehension sucks. I'm noticing a pattern here. 
Oh good, then one of us can make something of this. 
Just go play with your train set. 
All in good time, little trinitity. 
But she will suck a sand nigger cock to completion 
Well, so will the Anglo-Murican business, elitists, who refused to ever Repatriate Blks. Cabin "wood" is only splinters. Blks are Logs. 
Can't stand to see her ugly mug any longer, just die already bitch. 
I hate everything this feckless cunt stands for. 
This Loud Big Mouthed Lying Cunt Needs Hung Like All The Rest Of That Communist Demorat Scum. 
I never said 'do nothing'. The Bible says 'faith without works is dead' -does anyone believe this pagan retard is doing anything other than larping? Other than being a dumb-ass on Gabno way. He isnt helping anyone. Christ was not a jew. These pagans are liars, just like the jews 
Virtue signaling. With your feet. How charming. Retarded fucking 
Look a faggot with a cap gun! 
I refuse to allow niggers near my food. Too many instances of them spitting in white peoples food. If a restaurant has nigger servers/cooks I leave. Dont mind asians, East Indians, Sikhs, . But absolutely no niggers, no muzzies. 
It's Fucking astounding how Retarded our Politicians are! They fell for it, even after the same troll happened 12 months ago and everyone knew! Fuck! We need to rename Canberra to. Spastics Corner! 
What happen to the Jew cunt we used to troll? Lol 
Id Like The White Man Who Appears Correct That He Is Nigger Be Doxxed. What About Those Cowardly Co CoNSPIRATORS Called CoPS In The Back Ground 
Yes. There are many retarded Boomers who believe everyone to their Right is being paid to make true conservatives look bad 
When you get called a retard by someone who can't spell retard Cc 
Nigga I doxxed myself idk how many times it's part of what I do on Gab. 1. Shitpost 2. Play in the grey area of spam rules 3. Dox myself to faggots who aren't verified 4. Be autistic it's literally what I do. Is a private account who kept on replying to me, not realizing that literally 30 people on Gab see it besides me, and after about 2 days of spamming Him - Him Like It'S A He - A Dude - He ADMItTED In A Message He'S A Dude PRETENDInG To Be A Girl ONLInE I decided he wasn't worth it. Why? Well I had to keep screencapping his posts since his account is 100% private and no one on Gab can see it unless he explicitly lets them. So there's no public humiliation, and thus I stopped caring. He'll go the way of who idk if he is even here anymore. First victim of the famous "muted out of existence" lol 
Couldn't dox me if I gave him the dox and please stop saying "she" - It'S A He! 
Man idk I need to ask a professional cc: 
No need for serious it's gab. Either way you are serious or taking the piss don't matter. 
You must not know my style I take nothing seriously 
The amphibian hierarchy is as follows: Frogs > Toads > Tortoises > Turtles (don't even count, they are reptiles) 
Sorry didn't understand the point 
Tortoise, turtle, lizard and crocodiles are reptiles because they lay egg shell's. Frogs and toads spawn. Tadpoles to amphibian 
You returd. You ritard you rotard. Fuck you pipi the frog 
That’s because you guys are fucking morons. The people you hate told you he’s betray you and buttfuck you, but you didn’t listen. He’s an incompetent cunt and so are the people who voted for him. 
Who is this Irish leftist cunt in Texas and why does he look like napoleon dynamite 
My Dear Filthy kikess Grammy Queen of England Elizabeth Genetic-jewess Im making you a grandmother again in the Spring I knocked up my nigger wifey from the Usa! "Now we may play monkey in the middle in the courtyard for the first time! My dear Filthy dirty fucked up in the head harry genetic-jew grandson! Im glad for you that she takes it anywhere you want to put it. My old man kike filthy jew genetic only gets it up for the young whores he buys. Will you pop some pimples Ive on my arse? " 
Just suspended from Twitter for telling some faggot liberal, that calling white Europeans crackers is no different than calling Africans niggers. Who wants to bet it had nothing to do with using the term cracker? 
They do not have `mental illness! Ffs! They are sub-human Niggers who have not evolved the intelligence to live in a decent, developed society. I have said before, the only thing the Nigger invented was a f*cking stick! 
Cnn calls people who were mailed suspicious devices 'Trump's targets' That's funny, I don't remember Cnn calling the Terrorist Faggot who mailed Ricin to Trump and associates "Cnn's Targets", or Muslim monkey boy "Obama's Targets". Hell, they barely "reported" on it. TRhey were disappointed that the ricin didn't kill their targets obviously. We All know these Fake Bombs were created and sent by the Deep State and maybe even communists within Cnn itself. I hope the truth comes out soon, and the next time Cnn makes a fake bomb that it blows them all up. 
Some Faggot 1 day ago Democrats and the media are hoping to make republicans complacent in order to win. A red wave is only possible if you go out and vote 
I'll bet you a grand today, that less than 10% of that wetback trash will be turned away. The rest will be allowed in. 
No military orders have been cut yet, just speculation. And our asylum laws give them the "proper channels" they'll use to let the wetbacks in. We instead should machine gun them all south of the border. 
I should like to warn my fellow Gabbers about one Aurelus Grove. He is a faggot of the highest order, one who will no doubt be asking for the chance to suck your cawks. I would Mute this thing promptly. All Faggots/Dykes/Trannies/Genderfuckoffs/Feminists should be banned from Gab. 
Gee, I never knew open borders is what people wanted? Why is there such an influx of retards on gab today? 
Dollars to donuts, your a retard, nigger lover 
Cheryl Mills was also just another typical Nigger 
Weren't there any goats that nigger could have married instead? 
C'mon man, be serious. The women are for babies, the goats are for fun! Keep it straight! 
Is that true? We might be too niggerized to elect a National Socialist 
Point wasn't "Hitler hates niggers", I said we might be too niggerized. That Is, people have compromised families. You know, nigger babies and nigger cousins. I think most people are too invested in the status quo/Eurasian-negroid mongrel race. Couple that with Jew media telling them what to think 
When was telling history racist? I cant help that black men seemed to like to rape back then 100 yrs later black are still raping women here. Hum maybe we should of never stopped. (well i know one that will happen once their asses is spotted and no jury in the world would convict after what those sorry niggers done. You are talking to a man who knows 3 raped by nigger 
Oh mama. The odour of nigger emanates from your midriff & I hear you rolling around, banging & screaming every night since you divorced my daddy 
Yeah Faggot Trolls have a knack for screwing things up 
Full On Retarded Democrat 
There is an insufferable faggot going by the name Texasvet. He constantly vomits forth a stream of impotent 'muh gun skills I a veteran do not muss wif me' retard shit. When the 'refugee caravan' was headed for the border him and Nehlen claimed they were gonna march on down and confront the invaders. Then they cucked out and did nothing. As always. 
Niggers 
Niggers should be banned from owning domestic animals. 
Niggers actually derive pleasure from torturing animals and people. There is something really wrong with nigger brains. 
Ffs, is this the thickest twat in the Uk? Even the bbc can now see it. 
The biggest twat too mate. Literally ) 
Bend the knee you fat doughy faggot 
I have nothing but contempt for those pearl-clutching faggots. 
More and more people getting red pills mixed up in their blue pills. Now that's a Big-Pharma epidemic we can All get behind. 
He wants back in on the Grift. 
John McCain dies and the dam fucking breaks. Did he have mind control powers or were McCain's balls the only source of testosterone among them? Do they need a new alpha male to follow? 
No worries. That snot nose Moslem Sand Nigger is not going to win Florida. 
Today it was posted on the zombie land saga website that the Legendary Yamada Tae'S actress is none other than the Legendary Kotono Mitsuishi (misato/ebuchu/sailor moon), adding to the joke that she's legendary. She doesn't even speak in episode 03. Maybe 04. But it'll be Legendary when she does. Tae-chan is the one looking retarded in the image. 
Fck off yourself silly old cunt 
True story! The driver was an illegal immigrant Muzzie who realized his limo was full of Jews and decided to take them out. 
Is foxnews that libRETARDED to tweet juan williams' retarded remark) "Republicans don't have a message") Republicans Have Accomplished Many Projects while juan williams was hiding in a deep hole to smoke dope and lose his brain so he could ignore Republicans Messages! Republicans have made America Bright and Shining again! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Sounds to me you like having gay sex with niggers 
Examples of two of ten billboards which went up in the last two days. Help me defeat Maxine Waters. Donate at 
Help me replace a nigger with a spick. *slow jerk off motion* 
If You don't see the advantage to having that low iq negress in the public eye with a bully pulpit to preach from then we have nothing further to discuss. 
Sounds good. Later 
Vote for Omar! Anything is better than the piece of shit Maxine "Dirty" Waters! Enough of this corrupt poverty pimp! 
That’s awesome! 
To all those shrieking dyke feminazi's and their "men" supporters who've done everything they can to destroy justice Kavanaugh, as well as this country. I have one thing to say after todays vote. Ha Ha. We won, you lost. Again! 
Dem Cunt 
Why is thsi muzzie fucktard still walking around? She should be deproted for provoking and inciting dissention. Stunned Soros paid shill. 
Funny how Millennial infants get bled dry being turned into fanatics at Establishment universities! This dumb cunt is prolly on the hook for $100k in student debt! 
I loathe the man, but imagine if the Labour bull dyke has got it wrong 
Nigger faggots. 
Labour allowed their paki voters to rape white children with impunty. And you wonder why we voted to leave. You stupid cunt 
You make me want give up on sad sacks! Your one sad sack needs new veiws! But your retarded LoL silly Fuckers On Left! Can't fix Stupid! 
Y'all he is a self hating nigger yes I said nigger that is why he brags about his white women (mud shark whore) he obviously wants to turn his Dna white can you blame him dam he was born a nigger after all 
Aww he drives me nuts. He does it for number for the show but he is a twat 
Stop being less of nigger by calling yourself by an absurd name like "ShonteriKKKa". Just joking! 
Retard continues to tard 
Msnpc when will you be reporting on all the nigger crime and murder against white people? 
Yea, thats exactly what I think too. Hes a de-radicalization shill trying to make people just vote with niggers for zionists. Has written numerous articles that might as well be written by antifa, anti-national socialist articles, and hes just a general well poisoner, posting negative influence minded anti-women trash etc Appears to be an actual faggot 
Well we all see now you have no Problem being a Faggot 
That feckless cunt is so retarded she's off the retard chart and onto the shit for brains chart. 
Fold that Pizza up and choke on it you fat overweight Escalade ass Nigger 
Standard nigger behaviour? 
I don't really care for watching movies that make white men look like evil retarded perverts while plugging heroes as being minority faggot shitstains. What's new in this movie? Trannies saving a planet of pedophiles from evil white Nazis? Fucking Hollyweird jews. 
Hitler didn't take the guns unless you were a kike or a Commie you fuckin kike shill faggot 
Of course he would hes a fucking faggot narcissist 
Cry harder ergi faggot 
The fucking MPs need to grow a pair for once in their Well Paid lives and bring the treacherous cunt down. The Universal Credit thing is another big example of the government's uncaring attitude, they'll force it through - problems and all, nothing people want matters any more, it's what the elites want, i. E. , you poor forever. 
This dizzy broad, was Dateing this watermelon eatin, lazy ass, ignorant, no good, worthless, stupid, dope eatin, racist fuckin nigger 
What a faggot soyboy. Couldn't pick on a man, had to kick a woman. Wow, takes a whole lot of courage - mangina betacuck - to pick on someone weaker than you. I guess his god satan isn't protecting the little fucker from being fired. 
Faggot 
The World Judges The British Islamic Apologist Submissive Faggot Government. 
Faggot 
Fuck off faggot nigger 
You sound like the kind of faggot who calls the blue half of the Zog regime "Dumbocrats" and masturbates to the thought of R. Lee Ermey's character from Full Metal Jacket fucking your filipino wife. 
I used to love Harry Potter, but this constant stupid use of the books as reference to actual political discussion is so retarded that makes me ashamed of had read it. 
Half-nigger muzzie faggot. Ahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaa 
I see pavement apes. You can't get an engineer or doctor out of a nigger with an I. Q. Of 80. Sorry! 
New too Jeong to be a retard 
This bitch needs to go. The cunt is worse than McStain. I'm a 35 year Alaska resident and her dad (who gave her the seat) should come out from under his rock and speak. She's done here. Btw her voice mail in Dc is full. Imagine that 
Drop the cunt in a tank of tar. See if she feels better being a nigger 
I hate this Cunt with a passion! 
Rofl! She is a cunt 
- "I’m telling you, these faggots luxuriate in blasphemy. It really makes one wonder if Tobin is one of the Satanists. The faggot actor can blackmail the shit out of Tobin, and gets to live off Tobin’s criminal racket of embezzling Archdiocesan and Vatican revenues". 
I like her! Brains and probably a hot twat too! I will reward her with a weekend of massages and cunnilingus! 
Me: "Niggers assault White Trump supporters who voice their pro-trump sentiments in nigger cities, with impunity. Here's X, Y, Z example. Maga coalition: "yawn" >Based nigger gets Maga hat knocked off Twitter spick Magathot: "This is assault! " >Nationwide social media hunt for culprit ensues Y'all deserve to get raped by niggers 
I hope it’s that cunt Richard Branson. 
Our voice's will be silenced by the national socialists on here thanks nazi's you are the biggest bunch of faggotts who shit over everything good and decent every single one of you should be ashamed what a bunch of Cunts you truly are 
I don't need to read my timeline because I know what I said but I've just read yours and you're a national socialist and I cunt now 
Yep, one less African American Negro. He be dust doing what he do best, looting like the nigger he be. Oh, was. 
3 years ago the twat that arranged these was living in the white house with mick the dick! 
Where is the muzzie with the runaway van when you want one? 
The Cuck Boys are queers. 
The are false leaders who are center left. The are the only traditional family community based Right. Got me twisted faggot. I have real ideals. Now what Cunt? 
You are enabler of false system that requires Forget Visual clues about differences in race in favor of some Hindu Like belief in 'inner values'. Fuck Your Values Punk. Nigger Cloddling Losers. 
You're an idiot. I wasn't making any comment on the "proud boys" civic nationalism. You have no agency and are unable to contribute anything to white culture because you can't be pragmatic. 
You are worthless because you have No values you will assert using Violence. Cunt. Now go get fucked pussy. 
Listen: Traitorous Cunt Nanci Pelosi Admits Anti-Kavanough Campaign Was A Coordinated Smear Camapign Based On Lies 
Never have and never will eat anything that an ass wiping muzzie hand has touched. You can make your own yogurt at home. 
Chobani is garbage. It's basically Yoplait made by Muslim vermin. It's full of high fructose corn syrup and artificial flavors, and the only live cultures it's likely to have is the fecal coliform bacteria and God only knows what else from the filthy death-worshiping vermin who work in the factory after wiping their ass with their hand. 
Perhaps Trump should invite mudsharks and various porno Niggers like Lexington Steele into the White House, because Maga isn't racist! We love when our wimmins bed down with niggers that have borderline retard Iq's and dusky savage impulses! Time to send in the Real clowns - Niggers + a category 5 Chimpout in the tea garden 
Another faggot non American bed wetter Akemi has a little weemie 
Don Lemon is a queer. 
Worst than that, he's the token faggot nigger. 
White church shot up, Gab attacks shooter. Black church shot up, Gab defends shooter. Synagogue shot up, Gab blames Big Tech. Faggot Power. 
Yes the jewdis goat like soro the evil cunt Rothschild yes not the real jews that hate Zionist like we all do the name a call the globalist like May and queen of Uk 
Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
The love of money is the root of all evil. It doesn't matter what you call your government, socialism, capitalism, democracy, what is needed is to issue money directly from the government backed by gold or silver. The system the filthy Jews have created comes crashing down! End the Fed as it is evil incarnate! 
I'm glad I saw the term defined here because I'm seeing a lot lately of the "Fake Jew Elite. " As if the average jew is equal to the brainwashed masses, when jews get interest free loans from banks, treated as a white victim, have a non extradition racial homeland to run to, use the synagogue system for all their crooked deals and obtain religious absolution of cheating (ie. Kol Nidre prayer of absolution of contracts. " There is no Good Jew. 
Lets help them disappear for humanities sake! All money should be issued directly from a "Government: central bank" not privately owned and backed by gold and silver and subject to no interest. That will fix everything! The jewishness of everything must be burned and thrown to hell like everything the sewage touches! End Jewishness Now! 
In my estimation I bellieve you are right. They are clearly a software program so they memorize very well, but as you know they are not creative at all so they do not contribute to culture like the white man who is responsible for the vast majority of proper culture. Jews are programmed to be Liars and to subvert proper culture thru their morally degenerate ways. They literally cannot tell the truth and have changed history to invert peoples minds and the narrative of who is at fault. Every rabbit hole of Facts proves Jews are pieces of shit. Getting people to look at Facts is another matter! 
I think you’re generalizing a little too much. I mute fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches almost every day. Doesn’t bother me, because I send their stupid posts into an abyss where I don’t have to see them. That’s the price of free speech. You may not like it, but you can these people. 
Yeah Well, Fk You Houge You Retard Cock Sucker. 
You mean the Niggers sucking our White girls? I am surprised the Niggers do not rape our girls right there on the stage. I guarantee such an urge is repressed. 
Black men equate ultimate success completed when they get the throphy wihite girl and black women blame the white girl etc blacks like big fat ugly rejects too all this mixing brings genetic defects and diseases many blacks that dont want there kids to mix - but jews and blacks mix most. The rest are gold diggers or on the rebound all end up divorced or tradegy 
"Black men equate ultimate success completed when they get the throphy wihite girl" Niggers here in Toronto have openly admitted this to me. Gaining a White girl raises their status amongst their peers. I had a Nigger co-worker ask me to show him a photo of my blonde girlfriend. He uttered 'you are so lucky! I wish I could have a White blonde girl! ' Disgusting. 
Flat Earthers full retard mode episode 5 via 
Nigger Raheem Davis murderer. 
Taylor Swift is a fat ass white trash redneck cunt. 
Yep, another useless cunt promoted because she Is a cunt. 
King James is an inbred piece of shit, and we all know how much of a fucking retard that makes, so he Butchered The Truth Cause That'S What Retards Do. 
That's how every retarded degenerate straight out predatory concept is initially introduced. A joke. An innocent depiction, perhaps some understanding. Loud And Clear, Stay Away From Children. Period 
Sure, but the point is Americans do pretty retarded things, too. Like ppl will show Koreans eating dogs and go "we would never do this! " and then we eat a cow and if an Indian is upset we go "fuck off, dot head! I'm eating Two steaks today for you! " 
I fuck their cunt governments with 53billion in damages sanz 
If you had to spend 5 years in a spaceship you’d want a lostcausemonaut with a sense of humor & empathy like unless you were a globohomo commie faggot but his redpills would probably take effect on the trip anyway 
The reason I asked if you are a faggot is because you have bear in your handle, which I have been given to understand is faggot code for a fat faggot with hair on his back. Since you represent yourself as a real person I felt safe in assuming your sexual perversion preference. 
"Uh, oh! Retard alert! " 
The crazy nigger beat up women. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Communist faggot 
We need a real solution to the nigger problem, not unrealistic things that will never happen like "Send them back to Africa" or "Kill them all. " What if every country that took foreign aid from the Us had to take 1, 000 niggers for every 100, 000, 000 in aid? We'd have to pay the niggers too but it would cost a lot less than paying for their whole lives from niglethood, through incarceration, medical care and everything else 
It's ok though. We have Kanye Wigger Nationalism now. The AltRight sacrificed itself at Cville so Kanye Wigger Nationalism could rise up like a phoenix from the ashes. Maga muh niggas! *insert wigger beats* 
Wetback taxi 
Calm down Kikester Rapist, you little dot-headed shitskin mamzer faggot with the whiggress spanking porn website whose only value is that it keeps you engaged. Me and Mattoid Parrot are at least White. Whether or not preferably not we build somethang under which fat delusional mongrels like Mattoid Chaimbach can shelter beneath is beside the point. 
And is this what retarded libtards f'ing consider Rape? Hey, if someone knocks her teeth out they can hide at my place. 
Top kek, too bad I'm not a delusional verbose faggot like Elliot boi. 
Sinead O’Connor has finally gone full on retard 
She was born retarded. 
Gavin is a faggot but Richard Spencer just talks very sophisticated and eloquent. I don't think he's into dudes. He's married with kids. 
This cunt is in deep shit 
So, you are Nigger, yet you prefer to be with a White woman? That is the very definition of racism. You do realise this, yes? You are aware that your own women are fugly, therefore you need to choose ours, although I know for a fact you do not have one of ours. You Wish you did, Nigger. Nice of you to admit to your racial-inferiority. 
Mixed couples are always miserable rejects. I see it all the time in the south. 
Exactly. It's so prevalent that it's become an in-joke between myself and my fiance. Homogenous couples almost always look happy and are dressed well, but then a mixed couple will walk in behind them and almost always be slovenly and obese. 2 ultra fats in wife beaters (yes, even the woman) and their unfortunate kid. Disgusting. 
"Homogenous couples almost always look happy and are dressed well, but then a mixed couple will walk in behind them and almost always be slovenly and obese. " Fact. I see this every single day. I live in Toronto, remember? The most 'multi-cultural' (see 'invaded') city on earth. 
I live in the American South, we've got a pretty high density here so it's a fairly large to pool to make observations of. Mixed couples are almost always racial rejects. Alternatively, you don't have to look very far on YouTube to find that the black community is in a crisis because the men and women seem to hate each other. 
Planned Parenthood placed guns to the heads of the Nigger bitches and forced them to murder their babies? No one forced the Niggers to take welfare. They chose this rather than work for a living. No one to blame but themselves. 
Irritating (black) twat is not interested in his answers at all. She asks a question, then does a countdown and asks the next, even while the previous one is still being answered. Here's a clear illustration of why I never see Tv 'news' or mainstream papers anymore. They're all rubbish. 
I will believe anybody over a rabid leftist twat who not only knits but also wears pussy hats. Christine Blasey Ford ex-boyfriend says she helped friend prep for potential polygraph; Grassley sounds alarm 
It’s called a tie u dumb nigger 
Give a nigger a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give a nigger a fishing rod and he'll be down to the nearest cash generator to sell it for some heroin. 
So I have a Demon, a gay dude and a faggot attacking Me right now! Damn! ) Lol! +1 (Neo) 
They do get freaky in jew houses, R'abbi. How do you think they got so damned inbred? Look at (those things. That's not 1st cousin marriages. Daddy/daughter doin' da nasty there. 
Someone on 8pol talked about going over to a jew house as a teen and his (friend's) older brother was fucking his adolescent cousin on the couch as his much younger sister sat and watched. Sounds insane, but look at how jewesses like Chelsea Handler and Silverman talk about sex it's perfectly consistent. Jfc it's gross. 
-1 for taking the identity of a film character -1 for using a smiley face -1 for a bunch of unrelated hashtags 
-100 for you being an idiot! ) +1 (Neo) " 
Lol comment on twat 1/1024 of $1 million = $976. 56 Trump owes Elizabeth Warren $976. 56 dollars 
Frozen shithole comment most likely coming from the an idiot that voted for Obama! Fucking retard that has been caught in the Jews Divide and Conquer trap. Focus on the true enemies dumb ass. 
Kanye West Defends Maga Hat: I Am an American; I Support Our President Levin. Insist that Trump was racist because he called black celebrities like Don Lemon and Lebron James dumb and referring to African countries as shitholes Well, to the left all black people are geniuses and all black countries are utopias-that's retarded 
Just a guess but you're muh hammer, muh wodin, nigger style new age spiritism, right? You can still grow your own dick and do better. Advice still stands, like all color of nigger, if you hate them so much get away from them and carry on. You know, like a boomer would be able to figure out. 
Coon logic, boy. You saying something makes it true. 100% nigger tier. 
"Meanwhile Sessions, the Ng, and the Q team are addressing " The "Q team"? You're fuckin loony. "Sessions is making sure things are sealed tight when literally thousands of arrests are made" Sessions has straight out said he won't prosecute anyone close to Hillary, you brainwashed retard 
Here's reality, you brainwashed mongoloid 
You sir are a fucking moron. Go get reprogrammed you Npc faggot 
If it defiles nature or anything wholesome the jews love it, hence all the faggot and tranny shit 
Cnn perpetuated this shit. Remember when Cnn actually Created the Ferguson mess? Strange how they don't like when the tables are turned. Its all fake anyway, so this faggot is even worse than someone who's feeling heat, he's fraudulently acting like some sort of victim. Unfortuately all fake. I Wish It Were Real And I Support The 'Senders' Success WItH At Least One Of TheSE Fake Bombs. 
Just curious. How many of you lovely ladies get retarded DMs from men that have jack shit to say but try to initiate lame bantz Bs? Attention, dear newly arrived gentlemen. We arent awaiting your rescue or dick. Please behave accordingly. Thank you. 
My Twitter account was locked. Why? I had said that someone was retarded for failing to understand the presumption of innocence. Twitter told me that that is. So the many accounts calling for the death of Jews, males, whites, republicans, etc. Are not? Twitter, google etc are becoming ever more obvious in their slant. 
Stop spamming me nigger 
Just give the pedos fake child porn! Then they won't abuse kids! Does fake normal porn such as hentai prevent men from persuing having sex with real people? Oh you must think violent video games cause violence! These people are retarded. 
What I find incredible is that you still think that you can shame me when you're defending people having the right to look at simulated child porn or having sex with sex dolls that look like children. You either are retarded or are pedophile yourself. 
Btfo'd stormfag - check btfo'd beta cringe - check get called a nigger lover - check get called a nazi - check dox myself today - check bash islam - oh you betcha explain my fetish for Donald Trump - ( ʖ ) oh yeah ( ʖ ) post something stupid - hmmm, guess I'll do 2 stupid posts and 2 kinda ight I guess posts well guess that's all I need to do on Gab today. I got a metric fuck ton of chores to do, then between 7-8 I gotta go pickup groceries, so 9PM? Scream Fortress X? We got shit to dooooooooo 
>Be White >Go to Charlottesville to protest the removal of a confederate statue >See old White man getting beat up by nigger >Defend man by smacking nigger in head >Get 8 years. >Be kike >Rape children >Get 60 days If you're not actively pointing out bullshit like this to people you know Irl despite the social costs of doing so, you don't deserve the White race 
String that crook nigger up 
Both are for sick pedo fucks. Real men don't watch either of them. Post your faggot Bs while you can. Then stay with your kind on Twitter. 
Typical nigger 
Hey douche. Ive been saying this since the morning after and I'm right. Get over it The term he claimed was "farts" is a well known 80s term for "ffffffucking". Its a small Fib but totally can be used to claim he's Not Credible. Not by me, i wanted this confirmation. By Law ya dumb cunts 
Its like spoon feeding retarded Libs sometimes with some of you. Just saying 
Yes, and the mandatory minimum sentence for such a lying cunt should be no less than the maximum possible sentence that the man would have faced if falsely convicted, including mandatory sex offender registration. For starters. 
Drone looking at the big beautiful wall going up. 
No, the Usa. 
Nationalism is just socialism with flags. Steal from you, give to rednecks. 
Redneck bashing? You are classy. I thought they stole from us to give to other country's so as to line their own pockets through nefarious means. Sorry if that was a bit to deep for ya. Keep learning everything isn't 1 dimensional. 
Lol, who says 1 dimensional but an ignorant redneck. 
I'm not a redneck. Well I thought using 2 dimensional was probably giving you too much credit because that comment is dumb. Surely you can come up with better. Right. 
Lol 1 dimensional. Stupid redneck. 
Twat er are so libtard now it has become a meme 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Wasn't trying to be. Just an observation. Haven't seen one posted about how great it is to be a cunt yet though. 
Oh great! Now I have a cyber stalker with an Iq of 15. Illiterate, dumb as a box of shit, fucking little know-nothing just Has to open up its fucking nasty cockholster to say something stupid. Schaefer? Probably a fucking kike too. 
You say Cock a lot Lenny, you got a thing for cocks? Tell all of Gab about your cock fetish Leno Lenny I’m not Gay or headed that way, It’s acceptable these days though. This Guy would love you Lenny 
Probably because he has not got one. And yearns for one. Up his Azz! Lol 
A creepy purvy intellectual retard made a video discrediting the First Lady. Waiting for the feminists to step in. Any time now. 
Nah, you're clearly a faggot antifa punk. No one is buying your bullshit bitch. 
Being succesful apparently means that you are now the cookie jar for every freeloading retard on the planet. 
Lol, as if Turkey has any fucking weight over the Saud house. What is this retarded fuckin joke we got going on here? Kash-Kash was Saudi intelligence, who clearly also worked for Turkey. 
I Have Seen His Web Page. He Is A Patriot. I Just Don'T Care For His Hillbilly Music. 
This is what happens when a Redneck gets tired of hitting deer on the highway. Works for Antifa standing in the streets too. I bet they move. 
My ex hits a deer every time she gets a new car. What a bitch eh? 
Corey Booker is a fudge-packing rapist. @studentoflife 
An uppity high yellow nigger who engages in sexual assault? Now I'Ve Heard EVeRYTHING. 
Liberal Nazi cunt bitches 
I would bet a paycheck my whole neighborhood would be arrested. Except for the one spic bro who hangs the Maga flag and gets harassed by his neighbors for it. 
This is closely aligned with what I’ve always said: take only the no brainer trades and try as hard as you can not to be a cunt in the meantime. 
What a dumb cunt 
Sounds like we should bring operation wetback back. 
- This > is a nigger loving faggot yid for sure. 
As much as this guy acted like a faggot today, this is pretty epic so I'm re-posting. I don't have any proof that he's the reason for it though. I myself reported porn-spammers that literally had it in their profile "not MartyGraw. " 
Pedophlie tranny. 
All of which where amazing lady's, Did you see that fugaly nigger that won in Sweden? Amungst some of the most beautiful, educated women in the world. Or the higabie in England. Its political and nothing else. 
The only place niggers need relocated is out of this country. Send them to Israel. Let the kikes take care of their nigger pets. 
This muzzie needs to be beaten to death 
Don’t wait for that retarded asshole Justin Trudeau to get her out. That useless cuck couldn’t find his own ass in the dark with both hands. 
Trump would let her rot too. Jews own him. 
Well, we are heading to a future with too many retarded liberals and muslims, at least we would solve that problem 
Took this fag two years to become morally outraged. Don't let him dodge that point, it's the main reason I don't buy anything he's currently saying. He was fine with the shit when he wanted their money and traffic. I hate people on the internet that happily take money from people and then throw them under the bus. What a fraud. 
The moral outrage is Bs anyhow. He's just a tool doing the bidding of some nazi LARPing faggot trolls targeting people they don't like as a game. The same trolls who, Btw, engage in username squatting and actual threats of violence, things that Are against Gab's rules, but Turbocuck ignores that. 
I think he’s actually a girl that’s had sex with a nigger and that’s why he’s so obsessed with us having to accept mudsharks 
Dickey durban = paid for retard 
Shut your front hole - you washed up flappy cunt - go hang yourself from a doorknob 
Hahaha. I'll give the cunt a scarf! 
Some fucking hadji who calls himself Mir Omar and is some kind of faggot trance Dj runs it, supposedly. Formerly an employee of a (Walter Gorman), the Twitter feed is an offshoot of some project of Gorman to Jew the city government in some way. Would be terrible if some folks went and talked to him about being a terrorist tommorow. 
Some more information on NYCityAlerts/Mir Omar, who thinks doxing humans is funny. The terrorist notes in the 1st tweet below that he moved to Astoria in May 2014. In the second, to Brooklyn in May 2016. 
Oi fatty. Stop Running Away And Locking Up! I see you were crying on Twitter again last night! Hahahahahahahaha You useless cunts! 
Even her nigger is losing it) 
That nigger is 0-2. 
Ahhh. Another Gay Faggot For Sure These Animals Have Destroyed So Much Of Our Civil Society, They Won't Be Satisfied Until The Destruction Is Complete! They Must Run Out Of Our Schools, Politics And Cut Off All Social Welfare Send Them All To Saudi Arabia! 
Hey Muslims! Where are you? You dickless pussies are always ready to sneak up on a cartoonist armed with a paintbrush or a small, unarmed woman. But you're too gutless to fight back against the Chinese. Mohammed is a faggot Allah is weak 
Very close. The offending nigger shot the poor White girl till she was dead and then went to a church and shot himself. It's just a damn shame the worthless buck didn't do something good before his death and go set fire to the black dorms while chaining the doors shut. That would've been a hero move, but no, he just killed a White girl, that's all. 
What the hell do you think Cern about in Switzerland the Elite want to open a portal to the other side why I don't know but we are dealing with the f* elite aren't we a bunch of retarded inbred f* Lunatics 
To be fair, it wasn't the movement as a whole or even the majority of the rank and file. Weak leadership decided to listen to keyboard warrior incels and faggot assed cowards like Ricky Vaughn who'd all convinced themselves that the only social space worth fighting over was the internet. 
Faggot 
. This piece of shit >@TruthWillOut <is a fucking and a dis-information working for the assholes in! There is zero evidence to substantiate that this many germans died. Did some die because they weren't onboard with the 3rd Reich which was 80-90% homosexual? Absolutely not! They were doing most of the killing! 
. @TruthWillOut - secret masonic victory? Wtf put this lame ass meme together? Lool. It's fuckin hilarious! How many times do I have to tell U that the worked with a faggot despot i. E. To commit genocide against All sabbath keepers who didn't go to church on "Sunday"? 
Retard 
Maybe. Maybe not but have you ever actually looked at the supposed list of 109 countries? I have, many are cities Not countries and many more are listed two or more times there is No "109 countries" 
79 countries, 109 total locations, for perverted degeneracy, murdering children and mass usury and he's claiming 'technicality'. He should explain all the children Jews have raped and crucified, in sacrifice to Lucifer. 
Is your Iq that low? I said "79 countries" and added 109 total locations, because some were not entire countries; like Moscow in 1891. I bring it up because Trotsky, after being financed in Ny by Fed Jews, recruited Jewish child murderers who were expelled from Moscow & came to the Us to be safe from prosecution 
Dullard, they are listed more than once because people were foolish enough to readmit Jews, and years later, after enough horrific Jewish crimes had once again been committed, they were expelled Again. You laugh off Jews mass raping and murdering children & being expelled from countries or cities, like you love it 
Youre arguing semantics nobody cares about, faggot: ^) 
That’s not a human eating a human, it’s a nigger eating a nigger 
These cucks will be the first under the sword when the demographic balance of this nation tips. 
Retarded lefties with a Shiite message 
This Was Ruined By That Nigger Boy Eyeballing That White Girl'S Ass. 
The nice muzzie is thanking us for doing their dirty work for them. 
Jews are Whites. Jews are Europeans to their core. Kick out the Muzzie slime. Leave fellow Whites alone. 
And you look like a guy who's not allowed to celebrate Halloween, lying mamzer faggot with the pedo stache. 
And not a single sand nigger in sight. 
I'm a rat for suggesting a hosting company? Being a "rat" when I have no internal information & just a regular user? The fuck? Sweden is fucked & cucked when it comes to muslims, but they have one of the best Vpn companies (mullvad) & are great for piracy laws. Go fuck yourself nigger faggot. 
Trump is a piece of human filth followed by brainless retarded sheep. 
But if a nigger would shoot an unarmed white teen Nbc wouldnt say shit about it. 
Craig Sawman is a fraud. He's controlled opposition. Fake! The guy did everything he could in Nm to deny, deflect, stonewall, botch the compound operations. His attempts to make the discovery crew look like crazies. Of course, he has that hubris, as well. If he didn't find it, it doesn't bring glory to himself, then its a hoax. What a Pos. I loathe that guy. Stolen valor faggot fraud. 
That stupid cunt couldn't Give it away! The day after the Midterms, with Trump and Kavanaugh leading the way, all illegals deported, Antifa curb stomped, abortion outlawed, The Regressive Left forcefully put into insane asylums, the wall built, and all traitors (Hillary and Bill, Obummer) executed on live Tv. It's gonna be a Great day in America! 
Hillary? Hillary can't take a piss without a couple of poor Secret Servicemen to help her. Then, she has to have them killed. Besides, Hillary eats babies. 
Trump Derangement Syndrome is real. What an Idiot! 
I know it’s proably above your reading comprehension level, but try to read the Us Constitution and you’d see that your childlike emotional outburst is as insipid as it is impossible. This public service announcement is brought to you by your public schools of America. 
I think his problem Was the Public Schools of America. Indoctrination centers and State Sponsored Whore Houses. 
Well, I hate You and everyone who believes in the odious ideologies You do. All Regressive Leftists should be tried for treason and, if found guilty, hanged. 
Lol! He calls you a hater, while shouting in caps, and calling you a fucker. Liberal hypocrisy is laughable. 
I love a sperg, though. 
Anti-fa are nothing but little commie fags with no jobs and no fathers. 
Regressive leftists. Is this guy making up words 
Your ideology degrades and destroys people and society, thus, Regressive leftists. Otherwise known as scum. 
Oh. And your ideology lifts people up? Please, I feel sorry for the children in your care, perhaps someone should call social services on you. I see you like using derogatory terms like tranny and fag. Bummer that you're raising more hate in this world. 
Go fuck yourself, commie faggot. Can't wait until the Second Civil War Really starts! 
Fuk antifa, you scum. A bunch of faggots and maggots that need to be eliminated. 
Well I don't hate people and I support Trump 100% but with that said I hate what the Democratic party is doing to my country. And when / if bullets start flying y'all all better have a wall of participation trophy's to hide behind. 
Another wetback criminal eating shit and getting his ass kicked all the back to Mexico. Same old same old. 
I would rather not humanity become Retarded Teletubbies 
Faggot 
Mazie Hirono is retarded 
Fuck off and die cunt 
Taking advice from a conservative imbecile such as yourself is like asking a nigger for help with your math homework. 
The Nazis didn't murder Catholics. They interned some. They didn't intern Catholics for being Catholic though; they interned them for being retarded cucks who protected commie kikes. 
This is the Diverse perfect Utopia we are supposed to live in today. The reality is, the Nigger is the pimp drug pusher and the white woman has been raped drugged and trafficked or her children threatened. It`s time for a complete rebalance of the races. 
Fuck you and that Obama faggot, thank god for trump 
Allah was a faggot 
Allah was the name of a pet pig that belonged to Mohammad, who he screwed daily. 
Now that I'll participate in. His Nigger behavior trying to twist up Kavanaugh was Nigger not cognitive. 
Since women vote emotionally and not logically (in general), the female vote has largely been lost. Between Ellen, Oprah, Williams, and a few other retard leftist, I'd rather have them on the other side of the fence anyway. 
Democrat Faggot Portland Protester Tells Alleged 9/11 Widow That Her Husband Should ‘Rot In The Grave’ 
The nigger is a criminal 
I didn't mean it that way & I agree. Many good people. I was just slamming that Pos Criminal thug. Should have worded it different. Just go nuclear about those damn Clintons & all the damage the've done to Usa, along with Illegal Faggot Obama & his manwife Michael 
If Nasty ads Feinstein was a Man or a proven Dyke what she did to Murkowski in the hallway is called sexual harassment, and intimidation. Lisa should press charges. 
"Earth's Thermosphere Record Cold & Auroras With No Cme". With No Cme - what do you expect? How thermosphere should get warm when there are no Cmes to inject energy into it? Also Cowboy accent = retarded commentator = bullshit science. 
Are Jews walking you to the ballot box to vote for Democrats who want to have open borders? Do you have a ring through your nose that they use to bring you to vote for them? What is this strange power they have to compell you to act against your own interests? Or are you that fucking stupid? 
Now, let both you retarded losers have any explanation for the Schumer Israeli shut down without name calling and accusations of racism! That's all you liberals do, ad hominem attacks because your debate is null and void. 
I did not realize that John Lennon and Yoko Ono had a song called "Women are the Niggers of the world. " Do the Sjws know? 
Only Liberal Women, They Believe Their Masters. Conservative Women Know They Are Loved And Equal In Importance To Men. Maybe You Should Hang Around People Who See Value In You InSTEAD Of BEInG Used Like A Nigger By The Same Hateful People> 
This twat though. He's getting a beatdown by a tranny 
Yeah. McCain Vs Obama = retarded voting base. 
Kavanaugh is better than most on immigration. He was Ann Coulter's #1 pick. But is he going to impose Operation Wetback 2 by judicial fiat? Of course not. 
When the fat shameless fuck doesn't clickbait Angry Grandpa's corpse, he becomes a gay faggot for another fat shameless fuck. 
It's October, I can't wait to see more of that half-wit, half-breed, moron Obama and the mostly retarded rapist Bill Clinton campaigning for worthless democrats across the country. Nothing solidifies my hate for the democrats more than those two. 
Nigger mad good! 
Muslim cunt jailed for six months in Paris & fined had already been in trouble for pimping & violence; 
Just got thrown in the Twitter Gulag for calling Kirsten Powers a retard. 2 mins later. Boom 
Checked with another guy who's Twat jailed all the time. Sez Retard will trigger a 7 if reported 
He just wants a hole in the side of his mouth so his faggot boyfriend has another hole to stick his dick into. 
Typical nigger reaction 
Kanye hadn't even met with Trump yet and yesterday Cnn was already screaming "Get Yer Nigger Ass Back In The Field! " - I can't wait to see what they come up with now, and of course, Saturday Night Live won't be able to resist a racist rant or three. 
Leave the dumb cunt alone before I gas your skin to my wall 
Who knows what the thief's intention was after getting the axe? Are people so quick to forget the Muzzie attacks using axes? Or the degenerate tranny in Australia? Yes, he deserved to die. 
Lee Trumble is a Left Wing Jew. Spewing his retarded vitriol in the hope of gaining sympathy from the World. The Jews Main Goal is to Exterminate The White Race. That would give this Pitiful Organism Virtual Orgasms for Eternity. 
I'd like to do it for whites only. If a Christ Cuck don't gotta make faggot cakes. I shouldn't have to serve inferior races. 
Blow me, faggot 
This retarded traitor bitch will be voted out 
Here's hoping that football captain. Did something proper about this. The faggot deserves to be sent to Easter Island, btw. 
>I'm not retarded prove me wrong! 
I listened to yesterday’s tds because I saw in the show notes they were covering the Cenk vs Tucker debate and I foolishly thought they would provide constructive criticism of Tucker’s horrible performance to illustrate how cuck narratives lock whites into a box we won’t be able to get out of. Of course Sven cherry picked clips and claimed Tucker Btfo’d Cenk. 
I don't think a european solution will work for us, because their civil service is actually semi competent. We actually have a policy of hiring as many niggers as possible. And we also have a two party system, enabled directly by our overpopulated districts. Even libertarians can't get elected. 
White majority districts do not matter, because get this zero Congressmen actually support white interests. Zero. Guys like Steve King barely count. Yes there will be pure nigger districts who elect Kangz into office. But there will also be people like us. A faceless chameleon like Paul Ryan can get elected because he doesn't stand out in 700, 000. 
The fact that a feckless old cunt like Mazie Hirono can be sent to be part of the "elite" Us Senate is mind-boggling. We must find a way to ensure scum is seen as unelectable. 
Dear carnivorous Eddy i didn't eat all the grass today because if I did your cow would starve to death. You'Re Welcome You Absolute ReTARDED Backwards Spastic. Every Action Has A ReAction. Eco System. 
Beto is gonna get his faggot ass whooped by double digits 
Oh mY gOD DuH nAZIs R toTaLLY dUH SAmE aS mUSLiMS How retarded and historically illiterate are you? 
I haven't had any fairy gay faggot tranny porn spam since the change. ) 
Centre-right. Like millions of decent folk ) 
Yes as you keep saying. Yet you have utterly failed on every occassion to produce one single anti-white post of mine. Saying other races are ok too is not being anti-white. Only in your mental brainstem. And it's no use pretending I'm Jewish to hide your shock. Most normal white folk feel the same as me ) 
Hasn't listened to a single thing I just said lol You do Not represent whites. You are a disgrace to whites. I slap your arse Because you are a disgrace to whites. I slap other arses when they are a disgrace to their race. There aren't many on here so I do that on Twitter. And please don't try and deflect on to the white calendar. You lad are firmly on my hook ) 
Thanks for confirming that your deeply ingrained toxic semtism compels you to recognize only self-hating Whites as "moral" and "worthy, " & that you feel compelled to dehumanize and viciously attack any White who does not exhibit what you judge to be "adequate" levels of self-hatred. A very sad form of delusion, really. 
"Thanks for confirming. " again. Then more repetition of the same stuff that got you into trouble with me in the first place. You're a bit trapped now aren't you. That happens when you lock horns with me too lad. You can't back down or your mates will think you lost. Can't mute me because my mates will all know you lost. Can't report me for hurty feelings. Think I'll go for lunch and let you stew lol 
Low Iq anti-Whites often believe that spouting any sort of garbled, self-congratulatory, narcissistic monologue equates to "winning. " Very strange. 
This nigger fucking assclown only has 7k followers because he's following double that. Plus using a 20+ year old photo. What a sad sack of shit. 
The major flaw with the argument in favor of having minimum wage laws or increasing the minimum wage to align with the cost of living is that it assumes employers can afford to stay in business if the labor cost increases disproportionately to other expenses. For example, I pay $1, 500 a month to rent the location my business is in. My rent amount increases 2% every year. I can afford that, I can also plan for it because I have a legally binding contract with the lessor stating the terms of my lease. Minimum wage increases have typically been imposed the same way, with wages going up in increments of cents, not dollars. Employers, like me, can anticipate, plan and adjust our business models based on state-level wage increase schedules. I have a mortgage, two kids and a life. If you were me, would you want to spend more money on labor, or have money to spend on your family? 
You free marketeers are the truly worst thing to happen to American conservatism since the neocons. Every disaster from "free" trade to mass immigration was co-signed delusional people like yourself. Real wages for the white working class have stagnated or declined since the 1970s, and you cry about the natl. Minimum wage returning to 1968? Gtfo 
Either come up with something factual or just capitulate. Wages don't increase because you want them to and if you were so smart and able to implement economic policies that would increase wages, you'd be doing that instead of being destroyed on Gab. 
You’ve failed to explain how raising the minimum wage would reduce demand for illegal labor. Unless you mean that raising the minimum wage would reduce demand for all labor, because employers don’t have infinate amounts of money to spend. Oh and did you show your dad this convo yet or are you afraid he’ll tell you that I’m right? 
This is literally what you’re saying: The only competitive advantage illegal immigrants have is that they get paid cash under the table so that the employer can avoid all the regulations and taxes that come with legally employing people. But what happens when that’s illegal? Do you understand why you’re stupid now? Everything you’re saying only works in a theoretical economy where the government didn’t create the conditions that lead to illegal hiring practices. The govt knows who’s hiring truckloads of wetbacks and they rarely do anything about it. Why? Because ignoring the crime is easier than having to perpetually raid the businesses that hire illegals. Would everything be different if the laws were enforced? Yes, but that’s not necessary a positive thing. As I said before, if it costs more for Dole to harvest produce, consumers will be forced to pay more for it. You can’t replace a $5 an hour worker with a $15 an hour worker and still sell cabbage at $2. 99/pound. All fucking night I’ve tried to make this as simple as I can for you. Kid, you’re arguing with someone who has a bachelors degree in economics and who wrote a thesis on tax policy as well as a 250 page analysis of everything that was wrong with Robert Reich/Bill Clinton’s economic agenda. It’s 2am so I’m going to bed. Go read a fucking Thomas Sowell book or something and let me know when you finally understand reality. 
Economics is a pseudoscience with virtually no predictive value. So far I have been arguing from experience & common sense. Explain to me why Australia is not a shithole when their min wage is nearly 2x ours? They don't have Mexican hordes, either. "You can’t replace a $5 an hour worker with a $15 an hour worker and still sell cabbage at $2. 99/pound. " Fuck off. 
Anyone who's read the first 5 chapters of Economics in One Lesson knows that I'm right and you're wrong. We've been going at this for close to a day and I haven't even gotten into elasticity with price and demand, substitution effect relative to consumer choices and the income -consumption curve. 
Since you brag about your educational credentials, I have an M. S. In chemical engineering so you don't need to condescend to me. Yes we know a higher min wage raises the price of everything. The goal is to keep illegals out of the country and retain a white majority, not to let the price to lettuce fall to $2. 99/lb. Something that your generation fucked up. 
You act like you're the first person to figure out that open borders are bad for host Nation's citizens. And I'm not a boomer, but nice try though. Again, you are out of touch with reality. You can sit here all day long and pretend that we live in a theoretical world where everything works the way it should, but it doesn't change anything. Also, I do have to condescend you because you're an imbecile. 
You said Australia was a shithole, among other moronic statements. Nope. They can actually afford to travel abroad (unlike most Americans) You think it's a problem when the price of lettuce goes up. You somehow think our immigration problem can be controlled without government regulating agriculture and industry. And, you are a Trump shill. Bye moron. 
Spit in a cup, let's see how Jewish you are. 
The only kike here is you. By the way, Reagan was the one who ushered in amnesty. Wait what state was he from again? Ca, which has a Dem super-majority thanks to his "natural conservatives". Texas is next. I can't wait for your traitor party to go extinct, the geriatrics who still watch Fox News will shit themselves comatose in their diapers, it'll be awesome. 
This is like arguing with a nigger about racism and they bring up Jim Crow. Reagan hasn't been president for 30 years, bitching about his policies now accomplishes nothing. You aren't even making an argument anymore, just empty and meaningless hyperbole. Go ahead, keep ranting about Australia, the 1960s and Reagan. Until you build a time machine and can go fix this past, shut the fuck up. 
Kikes need to go back to twitter. 
And. I'm doing this from now on to any fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitch. Not even going to say anything anymore other than this post. 
Telling someone you're going is a passive agressive way to display your beta male status. It's all you can do because you are a faggot ass bitch. 
Retards are Everywhere. Can't even turn around without another Retard standing there looking stupid! They are Everywhere. This is what happens when Single women try to raise Boys into men. They wind up stupid or. In Prison. 
Jr. Would kick his faggot ass. I hope he kills him. Literally. Cpl needs to go - like all the Left. Still waiting on you heroes to start the war. So we can exterminate you like the vermin you are. 
Sent chills through my body Whiny little faggot soyboy, isn’t he. 
You are about one low Iq Nigger piece of shit. You stupid tar baby motherfucker the Knights of the Klu Klux Klan, has been for 150years. And will be long after your thick lips, flat nose, black ass has turned to dust. Lol! 
Never gets any right this cunt lozydoe 
Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
I’d only go there to live once the Kurds are given their own Homeland. They would give refuge to Yazidis and a few other good tribes and they are naturally good people. We should nuke all the rest and let them inherit that part of the Earth. They are Semites, which is why I only ridicule anyone who calls me an antisemite. Fucking ignorant fools know nothing! 
Oy vey! You kikes have a patent on hatred since "muh 6 quintofafillionzazillion". Lol Fuckin' kikyKUNT. Here's reality, Jews = Assholes. Exiled 1030 times but it's everyone else that's an "antisemite", right? 
Take your baby kike mini-kocksucking and keep it in israel. Again, Not Wanted. Piss Off Kike. Go Die In Israel. 
Lol, you have all the freedom of speech to go sell jewish pornography in Israel, after all, that's the only reason kikes in the 1980's fought for "freedom of speech". You have no idea who you are typing to Retarded Jewfaggot Shitstain. I have witnessed you kikes destroy America from the inside out as have many others. Nice try though Jewishithead. 
I take it you don't like being made a twat out of then lol 
Lol, You are literally a caricature made flesh. Didn't Hitler discuss in Mein Kampf how you kikes like to pretend you won an argument even after being made a fool of for being wrong? I bet right now you are pissing yourself like an Idf faggot being forced to fight their own war against anyone other than rock throwing children. Dumb Retarded Jewischmuck. 
How high are you bouncing up and down in your chair now? Has your head gone through the ceiling yet? Say hi to your upstair neighbours for me. Would it help if you knew that I'm not in fact Jewish? Probably not! I don't care lol 
Nah, you ain't a kike, you just an internet kike defender. Lol You Aren'T The Hero Kikes Need, But You Are The Hero Kikes Deserve. Fuckin' faggotty ass faggot Jewishyster. Go sit on a huge dreidel. 
I like you. You're funny. I may keep you as a pet ) 
Oh, here we go, the shylock can't come up with anything witty so here comes the playing it cool act. What happened to your high verbal Iq there Schlomo? Your hasbara is lame and you are about as witty as the average low Iq israeli. You bore me so take a hike, subversive lying chicken swinging prick asshole and your kleptoparasitic apartheid toilet. 
Hello Saturday. Cambridge, Maryland Us 
This aint your photo bitch 
Never said it was, faggot 
Lol 
Awww Kevin hope youre doing well buddy. 
Doing ok, for now, was real damned sick a few days ago though, puking my toenails out. 
Awww no! Hope youre feeling better. 
Slow process at my age, but working on it, I can hold down more than saltines and 7-Up now. 
He's a Shill, I've put out the Alert. 
Yep, as soon as it was put out there that the Pittsburgh shooter was on Gab I've gotten a bunch of trolls. 
If we all stand together and do the right thing: Block. Then we deny access; and we kill the cunts off. 
Yes! 
Bitch got trolled by a fag. Top lulz. 
Hopefully. Acosta the spic can self-deport himself back to Mexico soon 
Kikes have 2-3% nigger Dna. We're getting Sick of Joo. We will throw you off for good, bagel nigger. It's on automatic pilot. You are Losing, nigger. 
Look at this faggot jew trying to insinuate himself among Christians and lead them astray. The Trinity is in the Bible, and at any moment, this like rat could watch a Christian sermon proving it ad nauseam. 
Fuck that creep gingrich and his high maintenance whore. Sick of hannity and his acloyte levin interviewing that faggot like he's some conservative sage. Faggot had his 1st wife sign divorce papers while in her hospital bed. His wife? His high school math teacher. 
Feal about what. Niggroids? Yids? Spix? Towelheads? Eggrolls? Faggits? Commies? 
@a rn: "Fix the site? I'll go on a retarded crusade against the weebs instead lolz. " 
I'm starting to think - If when the truth is so fucking obvious they still keep chugging along stupid, it means they don't have the capacity to see the fucking obvious. The average Iq of black people is 85-90 which is border line retarded 
It's 3. That can only mean one thing on Fox. Tuning into. A faggot prince of shit called Shepard. This is what fudge packing crap on Fox looks like. Just in case you forgot. Tired yet of this kind of garbage being piped as mainstream? 
Wrong. 99. 999% white cunt 
Can this lyin cunt be brought back to stand trial for lying under oath? 
It's just a way to apply pressure on merkel to retard the giant fistfucking she is about to do with the Eu aid given to poland. 
What a cunt 
Don's lays next to his white faggot boyfriend every night. Gives new meaning to shoving up his ass. 
Evangelicals will have the feels worse than if they just forgave twenty nigger raping gangs 
Southwest Airlines passenger removed for calling flight attendant a nigger. I think I just found my new Bff! 
If I got on a flight and found that the attendant was a nigger, I'd ask to be moved to another flight. In flight meals are bad enough without the added nigger spit or other bodily fluids. That's if you don't die of starvation waiting for the lazy she-ape to serve them. And then there's being locked in a plane for several hours with their monkey stench. 
Mental cunt 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
I Definitely Don't Fear Faggots like you or Demon Monkey Apes. My Message was for others, as i Rarely Think of Myself (Not a Self Centered Prick like you. & White Guys don't Pull Guns/Knives on you & Kill you over a Pair of Sneakers. You're the Dumbass Type that Needs a Real Lesson in Life by a Nigger Thug, & you still wouldn't Learn b/c you're a Brainwashed Fool. 
* Nigger Core 
I tried to call feckless cunt Feinstein's office to tell her that Fbi results Must be made public, but their line was too busy to take the call. 
Hey arron rodgers, choke on that D ya fudge packing faggot 
That nigger Brazile spelled "respeckfully" wrong. 
I didn’t know apes knew how to work a camera, let alone use his middle finger. Know one cares nigger what you do, or hv done. U only got there cuz ur liberal teachers were to afraid to fail you cuz you’d chimp out. Man watching this arrogance slide into fear is going to be wonderful. 
The oldest staged/fake event? Nigger on White crime fake too? People are really always peaceful right? Any real deaths in Wwii? Easier to always believe or always say its fake than Think. 
The lying twat refused to be interviewed in the investigation She Demanded. She withheld evidence from the Fbi. She has trained herself in self-hypnosis and has lied about a dozen things under oath, Including prepping people to take polygraphs. 
Yes, that is Awesome, as there are Not a lot of Museum Quality Artifacts, as there should be. I also heard that in Sweden, they Wanted to Remove some from Museums because it Offended the Nigger Migrants, or some such Lame Excuse. 
Critical thought. Critical thought is not an attack. By all means go claim injury. Claim injury for your god for all it does you or anyone such great things doesn't it. Such clumsily veiled "prior attacks levied" threats. Just don't be a retard and come up with these new-world xtian boogey men. 
My image? Go fuck yourself, ya optics cucked faggot. I don't need to qualify myself to you, or give a fuck when we get around to throwing fags like you off a fuckin' roof. 
"optics cucked faggot " hahaha. You want what, qualification? Well have fun with your little web rage, great Xtian unthinkable. Come around, and talk about "attacks" again anytime. 
Lol stop virtue signalling faggot 
Jennifer Lewis, the race traitor bitch Dems are running to replace Goodlatte in the Va 6th. She's got the endorsement of fagth, gun-grabbers, Now, unions, etc, : She had a policies page where she got specific: Daca ain't enough; amnesty for the wetback parents, etc. Then I sent email "encouragement". Ha 
Really? Is that why I lost so many random followers? What a faggot 
You prob live near to me ya cunt lol 
I can never have a job again, this faggot crap. 
The next man makes a move, the nigger gets it! Hold it, men. He's not bluffing. Listen to him, men; he's just crazy enough to do it! 
Like i said you jumped on my thread. Look back at your busy interfering comments. Fuck him creepy. Didn't answer about if you said i have a rich husband. You did and you lied. Last thing did you jump on my thread. Or did I jump on yours. Typical femanist retard 
Allah Snackbar! You Cunt! 
"We anticipate the aircraft parked inside may be damaged as well, but we won't know the extent until our crews can safely enter those hangars and make an assessment. " I bet every dollar I have the Chicoms know! This is the most retarded crap the Air Tards have puled in years. $140 million aircraft and $100, 000 cheap ass hangers to shelter them in cane country? 
He looks like a dyke that lives down the street. 
What a thick cunt 
Cunt 
This was horrible. So retarded it wasn't even mildly funny. Depp stepped in it big time when he did this one. 
Hey You're a faggot Checkmate 
Trump knows the only real journalists are unpaid patriots, all others have been killed off or silenced. I don't know anyone who gives two shits what happens to a retard reporter. Trump will analyze the situation and play the media like a fiddle. 
The alt-right was always full of queers and racemixers, they just did a better job of covering it up. Exemplis gratia, Cooper "Ghoul" Ward and Mike Peinovich. 
Is there any actual evidence of Ghoul 'dating' a tranny? My understanding is that this was Daily Stormer faggot propaganda, part of their campaign to attack anyone who didn't follow their Jewish agenda (and was competing with the red shoe fags for membership dues. 
Rt ShaykhahL There’s nothing better than some smug twat keyboard warrior who thinks they’ve cracked some great secret conspiracy with You do know Tommy Robinson isn’t his real name? Oooohhhh thanks for that font of all knowledge. Now jog right on and keep going. 
Also, if a man can put on a dress and call himself a woman, then Tommy can call himself whatever the fuck he wants. Fucking bigots. 
Republicans will Totally Bomb Christian Villages And Christian Airports who claim to be fighting "For Al Qaeda". Oh and "Democrats will not" But what i said is True? Lolllll Do you see how Retarded It All Is? Both Parties Suck Ass! 
So tell me then, nigger what do you think is gonna happen after open season ends? Oh thats right youll go back to killing your race and people. Its all blacks are good for, autoimmune freaks. 
Did you know bono is gaelic for thieving nonce cunt? 
It’s critical we keep away from the nigger beast. We must keep them down. Don’t employ them. Get them fired. Call the police on their suspicious activity. Keep sending their sow sluts to the abortion clinics. Make the nigger know from birth they are unwanted beasts. They are subhuman burdens on Whites. They must be treated as the parasites they are. 
Bye Bye Retard 
You nailed it, This is the globalist muzzie infiltration of every part of the west. To tear it apart. 
Ok Gab. I got my 23 and me and ancestry Dna back a year or so ago. I was born and raised in Lubbock Texas as a Southern Baptist. My mother was raised Catholic in New Jersey. My biological father was an atheistic heroin addict. According to my Dna I am 2% Ashkenazi Jew. As I understand it this just means that the Jewish Rejects left Israel and moved to Europe and then to Poland. Also another tiny portion of my Dna is from the Middle East. This not a question of faith. I've been a born again since I was old enough to think for myself. My infatuation with life is trying to understand why people believe what they believe. So am I a white Irish European descendant? Like I've spent my entire life being. Or am I all of a sudden a Jew that can't be trusted? 
Let me ask u something tho, cause I know I wasn't answering your question like you wanted. What does it matter how I perceive you racially? I know black and Mexican guys that are way more redneck than me. So are they more white the I am? 
Fuck you, you retarded bitch 
The ringleader of Bbc is not a journalist - but just a huge walking cunt 
Look at how fat this cunt is. I bet she can't even reach her ass to wipe it. She must scoot on the carpet like a dog to wipe her fat ass! 
>tfw actually a foul-mouthed retard 
Stop trying to "white-ball" Blks. Your sodomite luving queer, wealthy, rich Anglo adults with power can't get enough of Blk Dominatrix, BlkMales plugging them. Do Us Like U Do iZrael? 
Just another dumb nigger showing off his 68 Iq points. 
Ffs you twat. Jews are not the problem in Sweden. There's hardly any of them. It's Islamic migrants causing all the trouble. They should just ban Islam to be honest. 
Having a go at a black racist twat at the moment. President of some student union at a shite university. Making out blacks are discriminated against. Told her blacks make up over 8% of uni students but only 3-4% of the population so they are twice Over represented. Bitch blocked me lol 
Ya, Tucker tried to reel me in, I wish I could've seen it's face when I said I was black (I'm not) after trying to be racist. It's low Iq to be racist, seriously. Thrs only like three races so it's folly. Hating somebody just because of race is like hating blondes lolz 
Haha Tuck Tuck is a classic case mate. Told me he's in poverty living on Us Welfare. Blames the Jews. But refuses to work because the Govt won't use his taxes to deport non whites. Trump has created 4 million new jobs. Is there really no work Tuck Tuck can do to alleviate his self-emposed "poverty"? Just like our left wing benefit bandits here. Claiming there are no jobs whilst 4 million Europeans come and find them lol 
Nice Npc commentary. You do know it is possible to see reality (which is distinct racial differences), & believe carrying through on mild racism is moral (because every group has a right to secure its existence), and not actually need to hate anybody right? 
America is dead because my faggot grandpa forced his kids at gunpoint to go to school with niggers 
Another twatter faggot 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger ur wife takes nigger cock cuck boy nigger nigger nigger nigger 
Guys a retard, who wants attention 
Apple is typical of leftism. I had an iMac that worked perfectly until it became obsolete. So I went to the Apple store in Pasadena to buy a new one. "Do you sell external Cd players? " I asked. The sales clerk actually paused and stared at me as if I weren't even human. "Why do you want an external Cd player? " he asked Very rudely. Since I'm not an asshole, I don't think like one. "To save images on Cds, " I said. "This iMac has a Cd drive, " the guy sneered. I almost didn't buy the computer, just to teach him a lesson about salesmanship, but as I usually do in life, I shrugged off the assholery and went home with a new computer. In 2015, I bought a new iMac online. When it arrived, I set it up, and I looked for the Cd slot. There was none. The 2015 iMac has no Cd drive. So I had to buy an external Cd player. Which just died. Now I have to go the store and buy a new external Cd player, so that I can save images. I back up everything on two external drives, the Cloud, and Cds. Apple Fucked Up. And now I'm remembering that Asshole sneering at me for asking about an external Cd player. "You Idiot. The computer has its own Cd drive. How could you not Know that? Are you retarded? " There. I just used a word that Twitter would've put it me in time out for using. All these years later, Apple went back to the days of my first computer. Progress! Leftists think that Ruination is progress. I bought my first computer in 1999. Apple has steadily rendered the iMac less and less user friendly. Nothing makes sense anymore. They want you to go through mazes, like a mouse in an experiment. It's the leftist obsession with control. The 2015 iMac is the worst computer I've ever owned. And all the software is shit. I use Photoshop to fix images that I hope to use in books. Last night I could Not Get Photoshop to let me finish my Russian grenadier. When you make photocollages, you have to copy and paste. Photoshop was somehow copying from an image I had thrown away. The image was in the trash can. So I was getting photo sections that I hadn't copied, And the software would not let me clean up the final product with the cloning tool. So I had to Export the image from my desktop to. My desktop. Only Then was I able to finish it. Exporting the image cured the dementia of the computer and Photoshop. These companies are all run by leftists. And leftists worship decay. Now excuse me as I go out and buy an external Cd player, because Apple Eliminated the Cd drive in the iMac for no reason other than to fuck with everybody's head. 
Cw? Cunt Whore network? This is one I will not be watching. Pure garbage. 
"who murdered 6 million Jews" I'm done. This faggot will never stop sucking kike dick. 
I'm sorry Rabbi, I love Israel and Jews now. You've convinced me to shut up and disregard free speech. Just kidding. Eat a Dick Faggot 
Enjoy jamal's dick in prison, niggerlover 
Nothing like John Ward ripping apart faggot house nigger Don Lemon, a black 40 year old virgin, a fat freakish house nigger cunt feminist and a token white trash talking head. 
She always tried to make a story where there was none instead of just reporting actual facts. Even at Fox she was more a sensationalist than most of the other talking heads, except Shep. That faggot is like a teenage, drama queen. 
Just burn it down, only way to get rid of the muzzie roaches. 
Wonder why this pathetic little brainwashed twat is recording this. 
Now repeal the Lbj nigger rights act 
Gavin Mcinnes claims to be straight right before he tongue kisses a flaming faggot in front of a crowd. I need no further information 
The one white pill about the Us becoming brown is that its core racial stock will be too retarded to run a competent military. A Brazil-of-the-North won't be able to police the world. However, this isn't an endorsement of White Genocide in America. Besides, in this scenario there may be more opportunity for a white ethnostate to break away. 
The hateful twat says don't be hateful, reminds me of the Labour Party. 
Intellectual retard. 
Nah, just a retard Don't need to put in the word 'Intellectual' to describe this pirate 
Are you fucking retarded or something Holy Shit. They were fucking degenerate marxists and niggers, who the flying fuck gives a shit if they dont support israel like neo-cons do. Breivik should become a saint for his actions, he did what needed to be done. 
Movement's are fucking retarded, all you do is complain about israel and dont seek to find the real truth, just some retarded alt-right white nationalist at most. You promote cucky optics like the little bitch you are, please just leave gab you are just making yourself look bad. 
Fuck off zog cunt get rid of all these trans women nuke the lot chuck em out the window death to feminazis pieces of human excrement like brighton 
Make outer space white again! No more money for nigger welfare! Put whites back on the moon! Whites in the stars! 
The ceremonial swearing in of Kavanaugh is this afternoon. He was actually sworn in Saturday after his confirmation. That's faster than a hillbilly father with a shotgun pulls a wedding together. 
Muslum cockroaches or spic cockroaches? 
Spic. Oh and they would go outside and talk So sweet to the other residents - then the guy (who lied about his first name - found that out on one of his arrest records), would go in the wooded area across from their unit and beat off while looking into a teenage girls bedroom. But don't complain or your racist! Have mercy. 
How on earth can ~half of America be retarded liberals? Democrats=terrorist animals. Democrat terrorist mob swarms & attacks innocent driver in Portland. Radical Portland should be quarantined off from rest of the world and left to rot 
Honestly this post smells of based nigger to me too. But I'll let it be 
Lol. Soooooooooper Cunt 
A bunch of Racist Retarded Democrat Pigs! 
. @TruthWillOut. Fuck you and your bogus ass film made by a homosexual soccer player. In the Uk! 
Well, I think you take the prize. You are the most retarded faggot I have ever seen on Gab. Their are plenty of Israel first bootlickers on Gab but you are the biggest brain dead fool I've seen. Don't stop, you are comedy gold. 
Suddenly, a mentally retarded Jew is a good source for quotes. Rollyese 
That dumb nigger doesn't even know how many days are in a week. 
First time nigger sees Beauty 
Faggoth are revolting freaks, and a deadly public health menace. Many an unsuspecting woman died of Gayds due to lovers secretly on the "down-low". 
Gayds was brought to the west by a faggot airline steward, and originates in Afreaka (like ebola), almost certainly do to niggers fucking apes, you racial turd. 
Lock n load. Let these twat waffles get in my face! Dare them! 
She's a cunt nigger 
Goldy’s shitshow shot at being mayor is just the ironyspergs trying their (infiltration) tactic. Same impotent nobodies that felt the need to cry about Partick little (Partick Casey, identity Europa, spic fuentes, rose, various other dweebs) all are friends who privately Dm each other. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Gets what he deserves: fear of dropping the soap in the shower for the rest of his miserable life. 
What is the world coming to? Suggestion (for the retarded idiots who believe in gender fluidity) for convicted criminals: Penis = men's jail. Vagina = women's jail 
Marxist started a year ago folks. He had a pic of Beachy Head cliffs near me to try and make me think he lives here too. Silly twat picked a very famous pic off the internet. I suggested as a Marxist he should jump off Beachy Head. He thinks I said I'd push him. All I said was I'd help him. Hold his shoes so they don't get wet or something. Rest is history ) 
Certainly child porn should not be permitted! But obviously all Racist askeNAZI Jews and Leftist Democrats should be stopped also, not that they are intellectually capable of a discussion anyway! How do you stop Retarded Jews and Democrats from joining? 
Wtf? Out of curiousity, I decided to check this out. I have never seen a more racist show in my entire life. Every Nigger male is paired Only with a White, blue-eyed blonde female. This is the extreme of racism. This shit needs to be ended. White girls with White boys Only. End of. 
Probably some retard on the nigger weed looking for clean piss for a drug test who is about to make the sex offender registry. 
Get out if at all possible, you are surrounded by criminally retarded voters. 
Atheism=lack of god (theism) belief. I don't believe in fairy/spook in the sky tales. One can be atheist & agnostic. Most atheists are both. Kikes have programmed the masses so that they are triggered to hate atheists. They spout the retarded meme "you have to believe in something". Ya, I believe in lots of things that are so such as the fact that you are a moron. 
I'm nearly Certain Satan is regretting that deal. Though thank God she made the deal. Since the Devil didn't get his soul, that Cunt didn't get the Office. 
A lot of fuss is made in Britain about honouring the fallen in WW1 in November as if these people died to have diversity and multiculturalism imposed on their nation and same sex marriage made legal. No one died for that. They were God-fearing people who would have laid down their arms if they knew what perverts would be calling the shots 100 years later. 
If they knew about the Muzzie Invasion they would be turning over in their graves. Uk & Us both need to deal with this Invasion 
You think I've not seen that? I'm the one that calls these neo-Nazis "fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. " 
Someone bring that faggot a pillow wielding immigrant Cna stat! 
Sorry Michael J. Fox and Kevin Bacon, but fuck you both. Susan Sarandon is a moronic cunt as well. 
How much do you want to bet he's a nigger and she's a mudshark? In a real poly family, every member knows about everyone. Kids are raised by the group of adults who all live together. This mess looks more like a nigger buck who can't keep muh dik in his pants and a mudshark mother who can't get her priorities straight and who puts up with it rather than lose the buck. The daughter is at the bottom of the priority list, being kept in the dark and forced to live a lie by a selfish mother. I'd sue for emancipation too if I were that girl. 
Just a retard cunt shitlam follower! 
Die for Zog face down in the sand goyim scum! Die for liberal democracy and fag marriage goyim! Whenever I see conservatives I want to call them faggot lovers. 
And the award for the biggest Twat yet goes to This judge. Ffs what planet is that pillock on. What she did was Illegal on many levels and she should have been Jailed. You're all screwed in the Uk! 
You fat cunt 1 miĺlion white children violently raped prostituted out by Islamic filth God I want these cunts dead 
Faggot not welcome 
The Nigger Train? 
Just anglo-mestizo or whigger trash with four or five dogs allowed to shit in the house generating thousands of fleas. 
I saw both sides being retarded recently: Left: Some woman calling Dr Ford 'badass'/ Right: Red Ice calling Kanye West 'based'. Both are cringe. 
Cowardly old ladies like this remind me of the filthy cowardly muslims talking the young filthy muslims into using dynamite vests. Pathetic that they will have this kind of thing keep her job but if someone says nigger they're unempolyed instantly. Overt anti white racism is encouraged today. 
Maybe NatSoc should just kiss and make up with their Red Pajama Brothers - the Marxist/Leninist/Maoist Tribe. Meanwhile, we'll reject All Socialism. It brings Poverty, Misery, and Death. #Q 
Marxist socialism does that. National Socialism created more wealth faster, and saved a countries failing economy, than the world has ever seen. You're wrong again, just like with the Q bullshit. 
Roflmao. Prove Q is real, pissant. 
Morons who assert is fake bear the burden of proof. Prove that is fake, cupcake. You can't seem to do that. It's Comedy. Gold. 
Hey what do bears have to do with QAnon being fake? Do you know a bear who can help us prove Q is a fake for this mentally retarded Npc 
No, don't know a single one. This guy is too stupid to believe it anyway. Lol 
Holding back, or is that the ugliest retarded thing you could imagine? 
I'm 100% with our guys, and making this comment with respect to you. If our guys struck this nigger after he was down, then maybe there should be an appropriate penalty. The issue I have is that it's not a ticket or probation, or a month in county, but so far a combined total of over a decade with more to come. The trial and sentence should be about what took place. 
Most Blacks are not very smart in America with an average Iq of 86, and this is why most Blacks are easily programmed. My opening Fact is a True statement yet to any retarded lefty who actually cannot understand FactS they will view the Truth as hate speech, yet is a verified Fact. The races are not equal and neither are the sexes. If you view any FactS that I just said are hateful, please take your Npc brain away from here because your lack in intelligence will not understand a thing I say. From my perspective, I will tell you that I view an Iq of 95 and below to be technically Retarded simply because a civilization goes to hell if the average gets lower than that. That really is the simply reason African countries as a whole are complete shitholes. Since the Racist Jew who as we know did slavery in America, not white Europeans, have programmed the Black person thru the media and school that white people did slavery, which is of this a complete Orwellian inversion just like they do everything else. It is a Fact that Jews are Racist as evidenced by the Jewish Supremacist owned media and vile Racist moral sewage of Hollywood. Couple that with the Racist Hate groups Adl and Splc and it is completely definitive that Jews as FactUALLY Racist! But do to their control of the media and infiltration of our schools, they have programmed people or Npc’s the opposite of the Truth, hence the inverted nature of our world. The Racist piece of sewage Jew George Soros stated I’m going to bring down the United States by funding Black Hate Groups. We’ll put them in a mental trap and make them blame white people. The Black community is the easiest to manipulate. Yes, George Soros is that disgusting and the simple fact that he is not hunted down and rounded up proves the inferior Jew is everyone’s problem Thus, thru rap music and other garbage, the Jew has convinced the lower Iq Black community that White people first did slavery in America which is false, and that it isn’t the Jew bankers who caused their suffering, but white people. Jew’s are obviously all Racist pigs, but they see this as a divide and conquer opportunity for control. Only a Jew would ever be so deceitful to do something like this as all other races actually have empathy. Not the lying Jew of course. In an effort to destroy history much of what white people have accomplished the Jew has convinced Black people somehow that culture was significantly done by Black People when it mainly has been done by white people. Beethoven, Bach, Shakespeare, Voltaire, Socrates were all white men. All significant composers, philosophers, opera creators, etc, were in Fact white men. Yes, they have been able to convince Blacks otherwise as Jews are too busy lying, stealing and murdering to do anything decent with their lives. Jews vile racism towards white people is clearly evident with their manipulation of Blacks to be racist against whites for the specific reason of division. To be continued. 
I guess little is 6'2" 225? Any fucking day faggot 
Womp Womp Faggot 
There are too many shitbag retarded mentally ill these days. 
Sorry for my language first! Now Fuck the left bunch of pussy soy boy bitches (like the running scared pussy Portland cunt who harassed a 9/11 Nypd widow) or fat bedraggled swamp donkey feminists that uses mob attacks on innocent ppl and property. It's past time some of these fucks get taken out, until that is done they'll always feel emboldened to do what they do. Take their weapon beat em into submission! Let em rot in jail devoid of mommy & daddy's influence or money. Sorry but these are not people they are subhuman slime! 
All of this talk of Christianity dying out in Europe and the youth turning from the Church, doesn't anyone think that this is the work of the Jew? His entire plan is to destroy our faith and grind our bones into dust. When you reject Christ and run back to the Pagan Gods of old, you are doing exactly what the Zionists want. Be a good little sheep and go back to sleep 
Depends on how it is expressed. If it is faggot looking to be edgy by pretending to be a Pagan without any racial connection to the past then he/she is merely a faggot LARPagan. 
I'm a Girl, you faggot loser! 
Clueless cunt 
Unless your assailant was a nigger and the prosecutor was a kike. Then you're fucked. Facts be damned if they can abuse the system to really do some serious damage to a Whitey. 
& Suck The Biggest Bowl Of Dirty Dicks. Is A Fucking Cunt Liar. 
The caller was great, real smooth. Lush played it off but I could tell he knew what the caller was talking about. I lost my shit when the caller brought up the Uss Liberty, lol. Then I had to get of my truck and yell at a nigger pouring cement wrong. 
Mia Love is an affirmative action nigger in the woodpile - open borders multicultural neocon 
Unacceptable. Time for nigger death until order is restored. 
Good god is that hideous nigger an actual human being? 
Hillary Clinton should be renamed Hillary Clitoris as she's part of the world's biggest cunt - Globalism. 
Thats enough thinking for the day boy, drink your mountain dew, listen to nigger music and vote for obama 
Yup! That’s enough Wrongthink for one day, goy. Go buy some dope off the nigga down the street and let him plow your wife, then go home bouncin your head to nigga music and then watch the niggas running around back and forth with a ball on tv and vote for Obama, then beat off to blackddd. Com before bed. 
Local news programs are a combination of: which nigger or Mexican committed the crime; sappy human interest stories gleaned from the Facebook and GoFundMe pages of SWPLs; weather drama; and muh sportsball. 
And the wetback can smile and not look worried about what he has done at all. Illegal mindset; no legal boundaries, conscience destroyed if one existed in the first place. Evil is natural to evil beings. 
I have an H bomb meme in my arsenal too, but it's less retarded than yours: 
The jews pimped him out. He had so much of that pozzed out commie jew cum pumped up his faggot ass it got into his brain and caused his Npc program to malfunction. Obvious plant 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man 
I’m actually not a Nazi but get tired of listening to cry-baby faggots like you virtue signal against whites 
Faggot, what "virtue signal" is that now! I don't "virtue signal", whatever that means to you! 
Don’t you have some nigger cock you need to be sucking right now? 
Lock That Communist Cunt Up, Bring Her To Trial, Then Hang Her. 
Apologies to my Gab friends. My vulgarity blood spilleth over. Fuck you Murkowski. You fucking bitchtwat cunt piece of shit. 
Yeah she evil, but i’m Sure she was threatened by Feinstein. Still that’s no excuse to vote No. 
Not be. Just pointing out the facts, when the Muzzie idiot ran the Nation into the ground! 
Cunning unnerving neurotic trash. Oh, Hell, I'll just call her a cunt for short. 
So some Jew-kike users who are trying to infiltrate Gab are posting "tasteful" nudes of white women. Lets be real: Any woman who poses in any form of nudity is a Whore and a Degenerate and does so for Jew photographers. You want to see a sexy white woman? Here Is A Sexy White Woman: 
Hillbilly with tits or spic Lol. 
Why hasn't that Indian cnt gone missing, if that was my old man that nigger would be in a Box now! 
I looked up one of the claims you made repeatedly about Harvard being 65% Jew sourcing Hillel. I found that it's false and pretty obvious to verify. Harvard is actually only 12% Jewish. What retard is doing your research for you? 
Remember that time when Gary The Retard said he didn’t like Niggers? Or when the parrot from Aladdin said Can we get a round of Applause for killing Jesus Christ? 
It tells you that a fuckin piece of shit nigger only looks out for himself and nobody else 
I just read an article from the New York Times about Kavanaugh, with multiple copy errors, including an entire paragraph that was repeated word-for-word later on in the article. Are these kikes just phoning it in now or what? 
Kikes? 
I'm claiming you are a goddamned retard if you believe most jews sre leftists 
Roflmfao Dumb Fat Ugly Cunt Only Happy When Eating At All You Can EAt Restaurant Obese Skank 
It was his gift to retarded doves of lesser iq sanz grease lightning 2. 0 xlax sanz 
The little faggot and the rest of his kind should be destroyed. 
Some cunt on Twitter called got my account pulled for saying the Honduran rapefugees should be carpet-bombed. If you still have an account, please consider reporting her for targeted harassment. 
Dude, in an all white society, i wouldn't care if your nickname was Crackpipe. But these drug laws come in handy when some nigger gets pulled over for driving like a nigger and possession puts it over the top. 
Ill say what everyone else wont. Shes a fuckin nigger lover! 
You a sick freak! Faggot 
I just mute the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. Problem solved. 
Dating today be like. What kind of shit is that? I hate it when people use nigger talk. 
Says the literal Npc who still listens to controlled op faggots. Calling Social Democrat Societ Union Natsoc in any way is about as retarded as the Anglo case against what happened on the Uss Liberty. You don't have one. 
Faggot garbage from Hollywood normalizing it don't need Netflix to get your daily dose most sitcoms have a queer or two my wife gets angry when I change the channel if her sitcom or movie tosses in faggots I will use my discernment I have that right shes like "they all do that now" "not in my living room they don't" "deny Satan and they will flee" 
Yea I am White that stay's away from middle eastern sand nigger shit 
That ugly whore is so retarded she cant wipe her own ass 
What's this retarded shitlib doing here? 
Worse. She's a dyke 
Oh be quiet, goat-fucker. 
Sorry to tell you, yeah some people are that stupid. This twat tried to sub to me. 
Anyone with a gay face and a Sargon mask probably is low Iq. Go suck your faggot Trs cock the fuck away from me, retard. 
Fuck cats. They are jews of the animal kingdom. Your cat is burning in hell. 
First of all, it's Asperger's because it's possessive. Second of all, it's no longer in the Dsm. Thirdly, "Asperger's" is already a pathological state. See what I mean about you being a semi literate retard using fancy words you don't understand? 
Seriously though, Why would you prefer the new Hfa label that connects you more to the vegetative autists? Please explain! Of course I know that you still call yourselves "Aspies". You used to be called "idiot-savants" and for good reason. 
You say theres no point in debating nazies because their too ignorant, then you post a picture saying fascism isn't to be debated. This whole post is retarded lul 
I think the proto-Indo-European hunter-gathers of ancient Western Europe (ie. Neanderthals, stone age man, Gaul, indigenous Europeans) looked a whole lot more like Dirk Nowitzki, and a whole lot less like the retarded dirty apes the kikes want you to see. 
Name a single Chinaman that has ever espoused this opinion in public. Pro-tip: you can't. Btfo Bigots. 
Sand nigger lovers 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
She's a big big Big phony beyond her heritage Claims. She was a Financial advisor for the Clinton administration. She audited the Derivative bonds before the Real Estate bubble even ever happened. She found that it was pure garbage and junk and would destroy the Financial health of America if those type of financial vehicles were allowed to be sold. Had She had just a smidgen of the meddle Trump has, She would have went public. Instead She was told to keep her finding quiet and was kicked up to the Big corner office. Then upgraded on a fast track to be the Senator. I knew She was the Shittiest person to be entrusted with creating the Cfpb. The verbiage in the legalese of most Financial contracts are more oppressive than ever. Companies can legally fuck you over 10 different ways to Sunday. As long as they mention in their contract to read the terms and condition that may be in other supplemental materials like on a Website, or even have to call or email for the hard copy of those terms. The terms don't even have to be in the fine print on those contracts any more. Just be available somewhere in the universe. But make no mistake the terms and conditions have never been less transparent in the History of Mankind trading goods and services for a currency. This Bitch is the most Vile and Evil Cunt to ever have existed. She created more loopholes to fuck over the most vulnerable and week and people don't even realize it. They think the Cfpb is there to protect them. It's there to create legal ways to fuck you over. 
Call someone a whitee. No big deal. Call someone a n* The world goes nuts. To be blunt. Don't want to be called a nigger? Don't act like one. 
You know what's great about Gab. I can say 'Fuck you, retard, I don't care what your faggot ass likes'. Don't worry, I don't like little goat-fucking soyboys, and the mute button works both ways. 
Her cunt looks like a giant tomato that had a wagon wheel run through the middle of it 
So the Proud Boys who Defended themselves from physical assault and bottle throwing by Antifa, caught on camera as instigating, are being referred to as Neo-Nazis, white supremacists and "Alt-Right" by the Msm. Someone better tell his black wife then. 
Poetic justice for the nigger to have a dad in jail teebeeaitch 
What garbage. The Nazis were better braver men than Any member of the Zog approved Gop not to mention the commie democrats. Fact. Save the 'real racists' garbage. Racism is Good. Morons. Only A Tool wants equality with jews, niggers and women. 
Get fucked pussy jew loving cunt. You personally are Trash. Trash. Only Trash accept equality with inferior races. 
Nobody except this poor, retarded asshole. 
I turned on The American Music Awards show for a minute. What part is American? It is All Black. One big nigger ass kiss. What the Fuck. 
Retarded Hollywood Jews and their deranged minds. Damn, where was her family hiding when Hitler was on a rampage? 
Fam, please report yourself for mind rape and dine and dash violations as well as Ghosting. Flood it. It will become a joke and pointless. Report yourself for rape if you wish, it’s fucking retarded and means nothing. 
Fuck of then cunt and good riddance faggot. Xoxo 
How do you get a nigger out of a tree? 
Even with all the idiotic nigger babble before every version of Machine Gun I cannot deny it is a monument of electric guitar playing. But if we want to get racist about it (which I for one do) he could never touch Stevie Ray Vaughan as a technician 
Fuckin' faggot 
Faggot 
Yep. Feminists are just one piece of a retarded group know as liberals. 
Yes yes im faggot of course robert bowers is the way the light and the truth - end sarcasm. 
If this is what the effeminate minority want to do with their freedom then bring on the straight vs faggot war 
Obviously it's not enough, the cunt is still breathing 
Bunch of faggot motigators. 
Her and her Faggot daughter. 
Sigh. Ok this is where I turn into a Spartan. If he is a murderer And an idiot, why keep him alive. Why keep him alive, just because he's a retard. 
Wtf do you do with a rabid dog you put them down why should my tax dollars be used to keep this retard alive! Hang him at dawn being stupid is not an excuse! 
Do not become faggot in old age! 
Well aint u a silly nigger faggot. Haha 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
M F Woman Beating Faggot. Put some mitts on bitch & step in the ring. Otherwise Miss Me With That Male Feminist Soy Boy Misogynistic Violence Shit Faggot Nigga 
It's so retarded when ppl use that line "what if I'm honoring this person? " It's Halloween, you just dress up for fun. But now I hear that line all the time. "My daughter wanted to dress up as Ariel bc she's a strong role model. " She's a half-naked cartoon. Get over yourself, lady. 
Your brain is damaged, you miserable cunt 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
In your dreams, Muzzie trash! Not gonna happen! 
That's it, abandon your people when they're lethargic. You're as retarded as a boomer. Hitler never abandoned or hated his people. He fought for them with every single breath he took. That's what we Ns believe in. That's the moral that you qtards lack 
"Sam Soyman" Nice pen name faggot 
SambObama 1/1 nigger 
Pffft nigger jew rape bomb, it's my new band 
I'd bet it was Soros bodyguards who may also be a left wing retard but may also be just a very well paid mercenary. On the other hand maybe there were no IEDs and it was simply a pitiful attempt to deceive the electorate thought up by a left wing retard. 
Watching American History X: 2010: Wow, what a horrible guy! I'm glad he stopped being a racist. Sad what happened to his brother at the end. 2016: Well, he's got a point about diversity ruining a nice town. But still, his methods are too violent! 2018: Aww man, Derek goes soft at the end! And then that fucking nigger shoots Danny! 
I heard originally he goes back to being a "nazi" at the end but ed Norton is a faggot and had it changed 
You can do that kind of shit on Twatter if you're a left wing retard and not have to worry about getting suspended. 
Nazis are retarded, I don’t hate I just pity. No I hate and pity. 
Nazis are retarded bc they uncritically follow 1933 propaganda despite knowing where that leads. They honestly believe the things the call for won't be used against them. They think it will actually work the way they expect it to. They revere a man who didn't have the spine to take accountability. 
The Migrant Caravan is returning, this time 10 times larger than the last one. Spic Train's sounding louder Ride On The Spic Train Ooh wah, ooh wah Here comes the Spic Train Migrants getting woker As TheY Shout "Puta Trump! " Ooh wah, ooh wah Bring on the Spic Train 
What a retarded bitch 
Now There is a nigger bitch. If you make us we will put your asses back in chains. 
Every Eu commissioners every thick twat leader must die painfully with their families 2 lads against 10 The cunts must die 
Faggots are like a broken record. When they aren't going "sssllluuurrrppppp sssssllluuuurrrpppp sssssslllluuuurrrrrpppp" its "da jooooooooos" Fucking peter puffing short bus riding retarded ass clownshoe wearing corn hole licking nazi queers. 
What's up faggot 
As if Canadian’s weren’t sheep-like enough already, now they’re all going to get stoned legally, thanks to the retarded asshole, Justin Trudeau. 
This Is Why, you never fly with a muslim pilot, or, muzzie cab driver for that matter. - They will kill you. Look at Flight MH370 - muslim pilot. Dead passengers. "The incident airplane descended to an altitude of 100 ft (30 meters) above ground level and overflew the first airplane on the taxiway, " the report said. "The incident flight crew initiated a go-around, and overflew the second airplane on the taxiway before starting to climb, " 
Then why the hell did the French vote in that little weenie faggot who married his grandmother? They could have had LePen so I feel no pity for them 
Murkowski should have kicked Dianne in the balls and beat the shit out of the dyke 
Call me retarded if you wish. I merely asked a point blank question, and you've answered it. I feel the least retarded way to go about these things is to examine the evidence and arrive at pragmatic and sensible conclusions. 
Oh i can't wait to tell your older brother what kind of retarded crap we get up to. 
I'm not watching that. We don't need a nigger to tell us something a White man put together. Fo. 
I feel sorry for Megan Kelly and her blackface comment the word nigger, or its derivative, is used about a half of 1 billion times per year in rap music which black people buy and also use it between each other. Therefore anyone should be able to use the word nigger without any blowback. Why? Until black people demand that the word nigger is removed from all rap music all YouTube videos and all media n until they stop using nigger between one another in daily talk, blacks should not dare accuse anybody of being racist. Because in fact they are hypocrites here is that link 
I have read a lot of more retarded things here at gab than your poststongue: 
Says the blue-balled nigger loser who can't find a mudshark of his own to beat on and murder. 
A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things. The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy. These are the people teaching your kids. 
Niggers now get a free pass from the Jews media for blatant racism, violence and hostility towards non-niggers. Just yesterday in my local paper there was a story about an un-named teacher who's accused of raping a 10 year old boy. At first there was no info on the teacher and it was a brief, facts-only article. Then later in the day it came to light that the teacher was a young nigger sow. Immediately the whole tone of the article changed, it was edited and filled with sexy pics and flattering selfies of the sow, and a several paragraphs long description of her singing talent and career, and all the things she's done in her community. The article changed from a description of a crime against a child, to celebrity worship of a nigger whore. In other words, the sow gets a free pass for raping a child because she's a nigger. Since this is Coonaduh, she'll get quick bail and a lighter sentence as well. 
That commie cunt in Nc who bragged about chasing James Fields with an Ar-15 and the one who hit his car with a club should be fearfully stewing in jail awaiting trial, not him. 
Brett Kavanaugh is a fucking faggot. He for "spanked" real good at his frat house. They took turns pounding his butt until he cried. 
Well, you're a snotty little cunt white-trash whore 
Whites have been converted into worshipful nigger lovers. 
Fbi maybe infiltrating Gab? I've got a dollar that says that's where most of it originates. They sit here typing all day and night, preaching their retarded Nazi dogma in every post. And I don't think it's @a's job to babysit these idiots. The people on Gab should. 
A nazi monkey shot defenseless people during a baby naming ceremony. Because that's the kind of weak and stupid people this pathetic nazi rhetoric breeds. 
Yep. Nazis are faggot ass queer cock smoking butt boys. 
>But Muh Illegal Spic Chilluns 
Typical expected reply, Not Jewish have no Jewish relatives, faggot fuck yourself You are just a follower that to be part of a crowd denigrates the Jewish people without even the slightest or actually knowing what they are or what they have accomplished. You are just a low Iq wanker that just likes to be seen as a Jew hater for no reason in reality! Fool. 
To use old English dick head of the yard is a total cunt she couldn't run a kindergarten let alone a police force her idea of policing is arresting people for hurty words on facebook and twatter 
Go ahead boomer faggot 
This Cunt Ford is a putrid, festering, bloody, pus filled infected, itchy boil on the asshole of humanity. 
You keep that shit up and you'll be hanging from a tree nigger 
Hey dipshit, didn't Donald Trump campaign on everything I just said to you? Bad free trade agreements and mass unemployment? Grow the fuck up you retarded old geezer and get back to the real world. 
Common Npc lines: "Diversity is our strength" "Islam is a religion of peace" "Believe women" "Love is love" "Hate speech is not free speech" "You're on the wrong side of history" "Iq tests don't mean anything" "Black Lives Matter" "How can you call yourself Christian and still support Trump? " "My preferred pronouns are: " "Insert Harry Potter analogy here" 
Hey moron, I'm not a girl, and downvotes don't hide posts, they just signify that the post is shit, which pretty much applies to any of your race-related posts. You're a retard who denies that the Founding Fathers were White Supremacists, you're never gonna ask yourself why you're so committed to "conserving" a cultural Marxist consensus. 
No, downvotes do hide the posts, retard. At least you could not be a pussy and acknowledge you know what you're doing. The single downvote places my post at the bottom, where everyone has to expand comments and then hit 'show all. ' You're just a pussy, on top of being a retard who doesn't know history. Good job, Npc. 
Lol, the greatest weapon of white supremacy: the downvote. It's like "we sound like retards, but we can hit a button good! Hitler would be proud! ": D 
Lol, this homosexual white supremacist is so gay that he's not even willing to acknowledge he's deliberately trying to hide my post. That's how much of a woman he is. You've never seen someone as big a pussy as this. 
He should change his name to ISuckMyOwnAnus 
If you look at his replies seem like he's obsessed with gays and homos Typical jewnig 
The enth of those who fought for te biggest load of cunts of zog, and Gallipoli another massacre by that zog cunt Churchill fuckte uk elites they need to die in trench 
If you are a nigger rapper and need to bash Trump to get attention, you suck as a rapper. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
The problem is 3rd world immigration and anti-white propaganda. The solution is eventual ethno-states for whites. 
Shut up nigger lover 
Fuck off putz. That poor American guy is a bit violent. You moronic. I don’t give a god damn what fucking color he is. Cunt 
Ron Desantis, Republican candidate for governor of Florida told a Jewish audience that if elected he would be the nation's most pro Israel governor. Source: Sun Sentinel newspaper. Sadly for this ignorant kosher conservative, South Florida Jews are voting for the nigger demoncrat. That little bit of ass kissing on his part will cost him votes. 
Slavery was the best thing for the nigger 
Dna can make one good or bad. Nigger dna, makes sure niggers are subhuman savages. And the dna of the Jews prove they are the seed of the serpent, and their father is Satan. There is no such thing as a good Jew, even little Jew demons grow up to be big Jew demons. What I am saying is simply this every damn Jew is the world deserves to die. 
Nigs to start Nogging in. Edit: Cop found guilty so no Nogging will happen. 
Why is that guy dressed up as Nigger Hulk Hogan? 
These are soooo funny Best laugh was the Muzzie seeking for her much needed therapy to get over Justice Kavanaugh- LibTURDS 
This nigger needs lynched 
Operation Wetback Ii please! And Blackback and Brownback and any other illegal invader! 
The same chart shows what a cocksucking globalist faggot Obama was 
Those Limey bastards. 
Sure would be a shame if a suicide bomber hugged you goodbye, or another dumbass Muzzie came up and stabbed you to death cause you don't have your Burka on. Just kidding, it wouldn't be a shame at all. 
Not in the least, filthy ass beast 
Christianity is basically socialism. Religion is an individual relationship with God so its fine, but people extrapolate those ideas into the real world which is stupid. Pray this cunt gets hit by a bus instead. 
Never fly Virgin Airlines- gay/trani special! This is gone too far! Fuck all these retarded people! 
Yep, that way everyone "wins. " White supremacists can still be homos in public and everyone who is stupid enough to buy that you have to allow them to exist can still feel good about themselves. 
"obamasucksanus" lol, are you even a right winger? I have a feeling you aren't because even basic bitch conservatives don't use the term white supremacy. 
Lol, now his only comeback is "I bet you're not a conservative. " Like all white supremacists, he first claims anyone who points out his stupidity is a liberal. Then later, he goes back to mocking conservatism and going "Whut Hurs Conservartisrm Consuruuved? " like a homo. 
What a faggot 
Niggers 
Subhumans. The way you treat defenseless animals, says a fucking lot about who you are. In this case, retarded neanderthals. Let's get rid of these parasites. 
Someone ought to hang this nigger from a tree anyway, regardless of the fact he shot himself dead after murdering that woman. 
Which is why I liked Jason Kessler's farcical "jewnite-the-Rite 2" of six or eight fuktards including a based nigger & beaner and some ol whigger supporting jail for jewdges. But these "rallies" should be reserved only for a half-dozen burnt-out whigger fuktards triggering 200 ZOGpigs, 500 antifa, and a thousand ZOGtards of various colors 
Retard bomb makers, where’s the Acme stamp? 
I've been boycotting Cnn for years now. Even my wife can't stand to watch the two fairy gay faggot hosts on there every evening. I. E. Anderson Cooper and Don Lemon. 
Interesting that your entire world of 'winning' consists solely of being 'with' a White woman. Yet, I consider being 'with' a Nigger woman to be me scraping the bottom of the proverbial barrel. You are absolutely a racist. I am no such thing. 
You accuse people of being liberal while saying hate speech is where you draw the line? There is no hate speech, I can call someone a spic or a faggot without an ounce of hate in my heart, is that still hate speech? 
Notice nigger bitch is only disrespecting the White Officer! 
The fact that they are still allowed to wear those faggot hats shows that Xi is a whole helluva lot more extreme than I am. Andrew Anglin, Editor, Daily Stormer 
Opie & Anthony watch a public access tv show with a retarded chef edit - retarded jewish chef. 
You're one angry faggot 
The Republicans are turning and pandering for the nigger votes by running one in Virginia. Demand better from our representatives. 
Ellison is a muzzy nigger pile of pigshit! 
Total retard 
What ever platform she shared it on needs to be deplatformed twitter/ facebook they want to shut us down they shòuld face the same justice and let's not forget the Florida shooter the Parkland shooter the twat that shot up the church in Texas the idiot who sent fake bombs all have or had twitter and faceBook acc's we get one nutter and game over dubble standards 
That faggot can try that shit with a man. Anytime! 
If you're gonna go to a sand nigger wedding, wear a flak jacket, they are fucking retarded. 
New rule: "In all competitive shows - baking, dancing or other, let paki or nigger token win in order to win public support and hide our true racist feeling for coloureds. " British Broadcasting Rules and Regulations, 2018 
10/ That lets anyone claim anyone is "alt-right" to either praise or criticize them and similarly lets anyone "hide" in the "alt-right" to either be protected or try to claim they represent the "alt-right. " It's very clever, but it's also very boring for anyone who isn't mentally retarded bc it's so obvious. 
NPCs are mentaly retarded. 
Cunt 
They need to mobilize and take out the trash - faggot trash 
Cunt 
I had a word with this Versi twat on Twitter. Told him more Muslims left Britain to fight for Isis than are actually in the British Army. Should the cause surrounding that be investigated? No feking answer as usual with these types. 
This racist anti-white house nigger that the morons at FOXNews have given the job to spew his socialists black hole for years which leads me to believe that Fox is no longer a new station to be trusted Newsmax is the way to go if you want truth, they don’t hire a racist anti-American niggers to spew their socialist anti white rhetoric like fox does 
Hillary Klintoon lost to a half nigger for the white house. Then she lost to a white man. Hahahhahahahahahha. White men rule! Criminal Hillary was sleeping while brave American white men lost their lives in Benghazi. Fuck Mrs. Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton 
Thank You The clinton Cartel Going To Be Chrushed Like Fraudulent Nigger Monkey obama 
Texan Here Fuck The Criminal Evil muslim obamy In The Neck The Whole BLOODLInE Is Evil FuckInG DIsEASED Nigger Monkey BLOODLInE 
- Like every other faggot alive- milo has little to no credibility (even though he has the most followers on gab- yet rarely posts here. He's just a novelty- don't get sucked in. All homos are morons by definition- if they weren't morons, would they be homos? 
Elijah is a dumb nigger 
Dee zero Is Ugly Gag Fag Loves Eating Nigger Smegma Also de Ziro Got A Little PENIs Pink Punk Bitch Boy Whore Mouth cum Guzzling Gag Fag 
Another Racist Retarded Democrat with the illusion that they have any intelligence at all! My god Democrats are blithering idiots! 
She hit the fucking lottery and did not even use the Nigger word 
As I said already, stop being a faggot and stand up for your race white man. You sound like some gay Sjw. 
Pussies If you wanted to sell this fake ass hoax you would have blown up Token House Nigger Don Lemon No one willing to take one for the team 
Gtfo cunt go back to England: 
Which is more disgusting? That these medieval raghead morons think we are stupid enough to fall for this shit? Or That there actually Are Americans stupid enough to fall for this shit? 
Yeah, I'm the faggot, yet you are the one wanting to roll around on the ground with another guy like the khabib faggot which the equivalent of wanting to rape another dude. 
I'll fuck you til you love me faggot. 
Hmmm how not to be racist says the anti-white racist cunt who wrote this retarded piece of shit 
Allah be retarded 
Leftists are intellectually incapable of debate since they are all Npc's. All a leftist is programmed to do is character assassinate. They really are that retarded. When you see despicable sexual innuendo or swear words plus calling the typical names that they have been programmed with, you know it is a brainwashed retarded lefty. They really are easy to spot! 
These people are retarded and delusional. America is doomed 
Sad that with your redneck education you can't even read that I called you a fascist larper & you clearly can't see that fascism and communism are two sides of the same coin. 
If you are that retarded please kill yourself 
This cunt has gotta go down. The hard way! 
Already got my targets picked out let's do this! Faggot liberals! 
Well, I notice that the local talk-radio republicucks are yakking 'bout antifa now. Wake-up time? We'll see. 
The strategy here is to harness the backlash among cucked suburban Republicans over Kavanaugh and the anger of the Republican base over Antifa to boost Gop turnout in the midterms 
Let's be clear about abstinence from electoral politics: Your fate is the same as dildotarian agorists. Repeat after me: "Dude. Weed. " 
He's basically a nigger crying for gibs. Change my mind. 
Worse The Gop infiltrated the alt right despite promising them absolutely nothing, delivering them absolutely nothing. I'm not even sure what to call this sort of cuckoldry. It's a like man who pays a nigger to sleep with his wife, the nigger assaults him and robs his house, and then he just pays him again. 
Hahaha that kike cunt again? He sent me a whole heap of "I'm so pro trump pro conservative pro Republican and anti islam" and all that Cuckservative shit who triggered instantly at the slightest mention of "knowing the Nose" 
You have the most faggot ass Gab profile I think I've ever seen 
Don't include me in any of your posts, faggot 
No. 100% cunt 
But the magabomber still managed to get his retarded "bombs" to mail drops from one end of the country to the other, in an amazingly short time, and with insufficient postage. 
A woman And a mother. It's abhorrent. They nigger babies didn't ask to be conceived to be aborted and thrown into the trash. I'm against even eating very young animals veal, lamb. Let alone foetuses. 
WW1 was a fully retarded and unnecessary war. Germany (Austria-Hungary) was in the right, while the Russians, under Tsar Nicholas Ii, was dead wrong. Russia started WW1 and WW2 was directly birthed from it. But WW2 was also unnecessary. Germany was interested in the East, not western Europe. Hitler, left alone, would have ended the Soviet Union and saved the world billions of lives and dollars spent in the Cold War. 
Maddow is a Racist Retarded Bitch! 
Wow big story this morning from a very reliable source. Corey Booker is a cunt. 
Chase the cunt out of restaurants 
"First they came for daily stormer, and gab spoke out and supported me. Then they came for gab, and i shat all over gab and tried to get them banned because i am a nigger fucking jew puppet. " -Andrew Anglin 
Like the is the party of purity. They are nigger loving Mutts. 
Retarded normie NPCs think that it's /only/ genocide if they're literally shooting us in the street and rounding us up in trains Anything else is a conspiracy 
Since Your A Typical Anonymous Faggot Coward On Gab, I'll Be Brief, Us 3%'er's Are All Everywhere, If There's A Civil War, I Hope Your Near Me, So I Get To Kill You & Burn Your Fuckin Body! 
Dumb Socialist twat 
I am an engineer by education, not currently by profession. But no. I'm blunt and I call it how it is, a trait I get from my dad. The very opposite of alt right e-celebs who traffic in comforting lies and attack you when point out facts. That's what you call stubborn autism. Not what I do. 
Just to restate that, you're just pointing out that you comment on the facts and don't gaslight or act like a triggered faggot about your feelings when the facts don't match what you want. Sorry, muh Feelz attacks is half way gay. 
If you are hiding in the dark you are not righteous. A small element of the Police Service of Northern Ireland now are. They have gone Gorilla - off the clock. Led by a cunt struck inspector - who lives in the new development between Ballybeen and Newtownards. Up on the right. He has a sheeps head and the balls of a mouse. 
A retard is an idiot who labels a person with a disability. 
This Hollywood cunt Never came out to support Bill Clinton's Accusers but has been acting like a Whore herself. Someone needs to Kill this cunt! 
Says the cunt who uses authoritarian countries claiming they’re good examples of socialism. I guess he’s a kind of authority on the subject. 
(5) Why do I think that? Well, unless McConnell is beyond retarded or a 100% Democrat Plant, why would he come out and say, 4 hours After FFFFFFlake and his people requested and received a 7th Fbi investigation into Kavanaugh, that "All 51 Republicans in the Senate are Prepared to Vote on Confirmation? " 
What is it with who go out of their way to get butch dyke haircuts just prove how "strong" they are? Why try to Look And Act like the men they despise but then screech about not getting "respect as a woman"? Is there something I'm missing here? 
Sooo. Colin Kaepcake, a muzzie slave, a gay Indian, and a Hawaiian, all with huge V's are the face of the DemonRats? Where are the chicks with dicks? 
Holy shit make them stop. Even if my husband cheated i would stay cause im not fucking retarded & yeah i even told him that if u cheat u still stuck with me and he laughs cause he knows I mean it lmao im not about to raise my son without a father cause that's what selfish cunts do! Fuck "muh feelings" children need Two Parents in One Home! Incels are the weakest fucking race. Good let them scatter to the wind how pathetic. 
"I’m not tired of winning. Victory! Brett is exactly the right person, at the right time to serve on the Supreme Court. A conservative jurist. A good man with the background and experience worthy of this high honor. " ~ 
Now that is gone. Freedom feels good doesn't it, Lindsey! 
All of a sudden this traitorous deep state Zionist faggot (who is pals with Isis) is a hero to conservatards. Lindsey is scum. He likes Kavanaugh because Kav is a Patriot Act kind of guy. The kind of guy who will support the CIAs worst excesses. Fuck that queer. 
Now I'm not saying send him a campaign donation, but can you not be a faggot when he points out the communist jews hate white people? He's a politician, jew money is leaving the republican party, why promote the party the jews are heading over to? 
What planet are you on? You think hillary"we came we saw he died" wouldnt have boots in syria? Repubs used to get roughly half their donations from jewish billionaires Dems get roughly 75% of their money from jewish donors 
I'm happy communists want to kill themselves, tucker had (christine Fair) in parenthesis on screen, and the communist jews are even more openly anti-white, in addition to the jew money leaving. Repubs now have a choice to go pro white, don't be a faggot retard 
Who is less likely to seize your guns, bankster cruz who argued for 2nd amendment before Scotus or literally any dem senator 
Cruz and that crowd increase deep state power. Then when dems come into power they can use it to disarm you, dummy. Indeed, the deep state, because of Repubs, can just steal you without charging you just by labeling you a terrorist. Repub support for 2a is meaningless. 
Faggot I don't know how much more power they need. They are going after the president, nailed seth rich, and have surveillance powers the likes of which are unparallelled to any time in history. The dems use the Fbi like a bat, Graham said it needed reform. Want to try living in reality yet? 
Exactly. It has total control of both parties. The supposed differences are a show. Both parties are warmongers and for open borders. Thats how they make their money: war. And they do it by selling us out to Banksters, deeper and deeper into debt. So they get richer and we pay with our $ and our lives. 
LOLbertarian confirmed, I'm sure you rugged individuals will figure this out, by yourselves, in the middle of your purity spiral 
It is lost because of ppl like you. Not sure what "purity spiral" has to do with it. I hate neocons (as Trumptards used to), the Deep State (as MAGAtards used to) and Zionists. I hate them because they are criminals and for no other reason. 
Hate them all you like, try focusing your hate on networking and not being a faggot, you're like a subversive kike at this point 
I win. Everyone watching agrees. There is no legitimate reason to support a Deep State Zionist Neocon. None. Yet you do. Pathetic. 
Quit trying to steal you disingenuous twat 
Slut Cunt Who Doesn'T Use Birth Control! 
More like "Stupid Twat Steven". 
@a is a censoring nigger lover. 
Author describes herself as "Cate Young: smugsexual, thundercunt hagbeast. " That word cunt is being used more and more by the mob. Alexis Grenell identifies as "Marxist Jew cunt". "Beast" too? Go for it, hirl! 
Probably would if the act itself wasn't so damned retarded and blatantly anti-Trump. Sending "bombs" which would never reach their destination nor would have detonated and only serves to put all the spotlight on the left and away from any of the real issues 
You're to retarded to be real, back under your bridge troll! 
World War Ii ended over 70 years ago now. The battle is much different than it was in the 1930s and 40s. Operating under an outdated mindset is a recipe for failure and that is why the right-wing keeps failing. Stop being a faggot stand up for your race 
Nazis are dead and the communists have been running shit for a while. You're stuck in a mindset that is incongruent to the current reality. That makes you a faggot who will always lose as long as you choose to be a faggot 
Im not posting child porn, faggot 
Don't have Hunter Wallace on the pogrom anymore. He's such a downer and just keeps saying the exact same thing over and over and over again. And he's a complete retard if he thinks it would be in any way better to just let the Marxists take over. When leftists take power it's always going to be worse. 
I don't like ninnying nigger loving faggots and basically commit suicide nancy boy. 
Just use a bulldozer to push the nigger into the sea. Most can't swim 
That nigger needs thrown out of the country 
What is Cuban Terrorist Little Jimmie Acosta’s and WhinieAss faggot Anderson’s Yuge Story Today coming out of the Oval Office. Wtfe 
And Fags. 
Can you say faggot on here without a faggot getting you suspended? 
I left this jew cunt back when. When I was on twatter. I ignored this cunt the minute she started with her anti-white, anti-Ns bullshit, I exposed her for the (Jew) she is and Our Own People Gave Me The Lynching! Yes that is what happened. I got the purge off twatter, came here I heard she was here and I muted her skanky ass right then and there. 88 
What's your definition of more effective, how is a. 223 more effective than a 30-06. Also, go be a faggot white knight somewhere else 
Sneak thief, traitor and a low level twat and exposed secret government documents that she didn't even have lawful access too. Let the bitch rot! 
Right wingers are brainless retarded sheep 
Cunt 
Quality entertainment: Fat pantifa cunt confronts cop, gets instant beatdown. 
That delusional little fucking spic faggot. Let him talk to his brother in arms Cesar about that. 
One day at band camp her most famous line. She’s a cunt 
The retarded dimocraps are still trying to convince you they are not sending bombs to themselves, lol, lol, lol, 
Gab used to be fun. Then I decided to be a huge faggot and let everyone know about it. -t. 
Croak, bitch! 
Eleanor was a dyke First Lady just like Hillary. 
I expect anything from this faggot 
I was just at an underground live music event here in Chicago where my new girlfriend was playing and there was a dude in full on Trump regalia chilling in the back near my table. Not two minutes after some fat, purple-haired cunt spots him, security comes over and chats with him. 5 mins later the fatty is escorted out with her group. 
This fucking cunt just will not go away! 
Another joo cunt in bad need of a lead pill. 
Too bad the nigger soros wasn't blown back to hell with that so called explosive 
There has never ever in the history of earth been a successful nigger society. 
As far as im concerned if ur panties go up ur ass instead of completely over ur ass cheeks u dont have anybody else to blame when a nigger or a serial killer or some kind of tranny queer rapes u and cuts ur head off 
WETback 
Librarian at the local junior college in Mississippi near where the Nigger School from Jackson, made fun *During A Football Game With Brookhaven High* of two White police officers getting shot by a black in Brookhaven the day before, called it "Pure niggerism" on Facebook and won't be fired. I Fucking Love It. 
It’s always unbelievably cringey when neckbearded soyboy cucks try to sound intimidating. 
This is the kind of neckbearded hipster faggot that writes for the New York Times- not because he's any good but because he's the guy they want us to white males be. If I got vermin like this little shit on a shoe, I would burn it so it couldn't get away. 
You're a fat ugly nigger pig. Your pussy smells like rotting black cum. 
Cunt 
Typical pick up line of nigger to White Girl. "Are you happy". Places doubt in her mind and triggers an impulse reaction. She thinks she has to please the colored boy and without taking the time to think about it. 
That’s right, stupid libtard. It’s a manhood issue to protect one’s home, family, and property from invasion. Retarded liberal women will hand everything (and I mean everything) over to the first retarded thugs that come around asking for it. 
Don’t listen to. He’s a retarded cuck. 
Specky retarded vermin scum 
Nigger university students are smarter than their african cousins. By about 5 Iq points 
Ulster faggot 
I'm white. A hetero male immigrant Macedonian born in Greece who married a Wasp Pretty fucking cool if you actually think about it. Did I mention I'm white? I'm really sorta tired of black fag jew muslim lesbo spic crap. Duh. 
I had nigger neighbours threaten me because I complained about their dog noise. Got my 12 gauge out with many shotgun shells on my dining table, all lights on so they could see everything at night, across from me. All threats stopped. Being nice does Not work with niggers. 
James Bond Is Not A Nigger Either! Nor A Vile Lgbt! 
Focus islamonazi and get on with it! There is to many of you devils in the ranks and you need to be spot lighted and ejected. 
Oh son come over any fuckin time you Zionist Kike I'll rip your fuckin throat out, are you kidding me? 
This Islamonazi Still Hasn'T Delivered People. Keep this in mind other islamonazi pretending to be Nazis. Once you protect islam you will be called out to verify your statement by delivering the same verse and numbers i did. You wont do it because you cant and your diversionary tactics will be ignored while We All focus on you not qualifying any verse. Game Over! 
What are you asking for? Lol I gave you the quintessential verse in the Quran vis-à-vis lying or bearing false witness. Pick anything I'll give you the earliest verse in the Quran from the Meccan portion. You picked a Hadith that's not even the Quran. Incidentally you lied: 
Unlike christianity islam consist of numerous books. The Quran is the only religious aspect of islam. So keep going! 
No it consists of the Quran and select Hadiths. False doctrine there guy. (I took 4 years of theology at a really reputable university. See here I wrote a Hadith for Mein Kampf and The Judgement of Paris, you've read both of those right, when you weren't chairing Mensa meetings presumably of course. 
Lol! So where does sharia law come from? 
You really should have walked away a long time ago islamoanzi. You only continue to confirm further you are an islamonazi pretending to be a Nazi. 
I know you want to invent Islam because you're Jewish, and 6 million, and all these things but I'm afraid your entitlement won't grant you such. Sorry, your Holocaust Rewards Card doesn't work here. 
Now i am thinking you are on drugs as well as low Iq. You Havent even bothered reading my pinned post. 
Nah broke nigger I wouldn't bother clicking anything about you. Too busy enjoying how Stupid you are. 
Well holy shit. Blackface - which has for my entire life been held up as quintessential huwhite racism - wasn't invented by Whites. It was invented by a Jew. In a movie that was literally about a Jew culturally appropriating jazz. Once again, the fucking Jews transferred the blame for something they did, to us. 
Thats late, retard 
This piece of shit cunt can not win Stop her! 
Faggot 
That's the old dyke cock blocker stare. I've seen it in many a bar 
The worst dykes are in san antonio. They'll actually try to hit on your woman with you there. 
Oh no, some pavement ape made a controversial video! Toss him some bananas and he'll retreat back to his tree. 
No, he won't. He'll say he's entitled to more of your bananas because someone, somewhere, at some point in time, was racist. He'll never go away because people slightly less retarded than him keep giving him bananas. 
Who is the fat twat 
This Fat Soy Boy Cunt Needs A History Lesson. You Know His Fat Ass Is A Bottom 
I don’t think you could find his member so he can’t be a top 
This is typical nigger territorial behaviour, bullying Yt for using "their" sidewalk. It happens to me all the time when I go out. They line up across the sidewalk to block you, then the racial slurs and threats for "bein' on Muh sidewalk" start. They go for the weak members of the herd, seniors, those who are using walkers or other mobility aids, mothers pushing strollers, people pushing big shopping carts full of groceries. That's why I always carry a stun gun. 
Isis Sympathiser talks shit as usual and needs a good beating about the skull with a koran until he gets the message! Then again, these Isis vermin are subhuman filth, fake muslim assholes who are too retarded for this earth. And yet the west and Israel Support Them! 
I use white trash regularly, trailer trash, trailer park theologian, genetic dead end, all that shit all the time. Some people just fit that description. Not every white is a pure holy little angel, some are meth addicted thieving degenerate drunken scum. That is just a fact. 
Just the whole "Omg Anyone Saying White Trash Is Anti-White" is a goofy ass thing to say. Its leftists tier "Im Triggered" whistling. Seriously, this we wuz heebs don't say white trash that is our word shit is some serious white nigger level behavior. People need to quit this goofy shit and be above it. 
You are retarded 
No, it's Re Tah Dud. & You Aw! 
Lol. Damn. Don't make the little faggot cry. 
All you muzzie lovers - this is what is in store for you. Taqiyya is strong in the Uk "In Islam, Taqiya or taqiyya is a precautionary dissimulation or denial of religious belief and practice in the face of persecution. " When you wipe the shit out of your eyes you will be slaves. 
Temple Mount Imam Calls Upon Men to Kill Their Sisters islam cut of shit. 
Unbelievable. Then, you have retarded Westerners actually converting to this demonic religion/ 
Ban all Retarded Racist Sexist lefties! Women should never have been given the right to vote! 
Fuck You Faggot Cucked Butch Lesbian Bitch Ass Mother FuckERS! 
Why dont yo long faggot was shut the fuck up and hit me on da nose or try too see what happens wit yall 
Nigger twat! 
I didn’t say every last woman in the country. I said it’s the average behaviour of the women in the west When I say that muslims are retards, I don’t mean every single last one of them, but on average, that is the case But because not all muslims are retarded terrorists, I still don’t want any of them here. Similarly, I don’t want women having the vote 
Why on Earth would anyone not want citywide networks that work on the same frequency as crowd control weapons? We've gone full retard with electronics. When you're not at work turn the damn things off. There will be idiots that cheer for this shit while we all share in the cancers all these wireless frequencies cause. 
Shut the fuck up you dumb jewish faggot. This isn't you keeping more of your own money you fagcunt. This is a slight makeover of shit which is not what was promised. Dumb cunt. You will be losing money in the end. Sick of your faggot ilk fucking everything up. 
Another dumb 90 Iq fuck who sucks on dick all day because he can't get a woman. So he thinks joining the Gop club will make him popular. They just at him. Nobody likes faggots. 
So let me understand: This faggot sucks on Trump's orang tiny dick for Lying and essentially keeping Nafta. I critique him for that. He tells me that our team will win. And I Am The One In The Adl? I tell you lads, the jews send dumber and dumber shills over here. 90 Iq shills. Sad! 
Mfw when spics use the internet to promote white genocide -_- 
It's time to go spic hunting. 
Ovomit is a half nigger muzzie moron criminal 
Do me a favor, the next time I reply to a post of yours saying something to the effect of "Hey, I think I'll make a video about that! " Please remind me that I'm a fucking sperg retard that doesn't think things through and implore me not to upload it to youtube lmao. The state needs to assign me a tard wrangler. 
Social media mediocre cunt supremacists are the worst. You can easily spot em, their aris is up their filbert 24/7 whilst they stand upon the hill of morality 
Basically confessing he/she is a retard 
What a dingdong. Bet his retarded ass thought kkkillarys ass was gonna win 
Save time & space & just identify as a retard pervert. 
This don’t B coz it might hurt someone’s feefees even if U do look like a twat ppl’s feelings matter 
Many gay faggot Obama holdovers in State Dept 
Oh look Pa, another retard from the mid east that thinks he's special! Special Ed. 
Titanic, if you did fuck a nigger, you're a miscegenational menace and should be tossed out of America, if not worse. Be proud of defiling your race. It'll be such fine comedy when we bring you to the gallows and invite you to repent of your crimes. "I had a right! " Nope. 
I'm in Britain and you won't be "tossing me off" anywhere faggot lol 
Look at what this retard Tom Arnold is up to 
This guy probably works for twatter! Doxxed 6 days ago Hey jew@jew talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel. You suck rabbi jew dick spit'n swallow, then you lie about it and tell us how you didn't get a second helping. 
There is nobody here but me 'n you jew. If another jew or two show up they can be inhumane too. You torture humans 'n shit. Jew, you will not lie to me 'n then ballerina fall down laughing tutu. Why don't you shave your balls 'n get that jew faggot curator/assassin at the mossad art gallery to finger paint a wet tea bag again? You jew spoo facials 'n ass. Fu! 
Muzzie nigger piece of shit 
How retarded are you? There's actually 20 million illegals in the Us. They do not pay into the system, but we the taxpayers subsidize them at the tune of 200 billion dollars in welfare each year. Not only that, but they've ruined the job market, have killed the middle class and have caused a massive devaluation in wages. 
There's only One word for this monkey thing. And that word is Nigger 
Well its Time to Kill the Jews and the Minorities who are agitating for our race's death we shall exterminate every last one of them if they attempt to murder a single White Person there whole race will be through. 
You actually write like that? You're a fucking retard. 
No Sir I am not no retard I only expressing my opinions that we are not going to tolerate anymore of the minorities and Jews saying they will kill us all believe me hearing this shit all your life can really make mad wouldn't it upset you Sir. 
@a ban these "loli" fags they like cartoon cp! 
Yea it does lol faggot 
I was playing overwatch this morning decided to go in game chat and speak with my people in the gaming community, a kid from maine called me a fag, i said impossible im from michigan and voted for trump, your from maine a libtard state ya must have fags walking all around ya state but not here in michigan faggot, he says. 
Hey i voted for trump too, can i be cool too? And i go no you will never be cool unless you convince ya retarded state to vote for trump and his people. Im not making this up, and overwatch gamechat been down ever since that encounter? Conspiracy? Coincidence? 
The idiot doesn't name the Jew. I listened to his testimony criticizing Sex and the City and read his Manifesto it can't even be considered a polemic like I told you yesterday. We're laughing at you. You need to read at least Mein Kampf Ch 10 & brush up on who Germany allied with in both world wars listen to Hitler's Czechoslovakia speech. Evolve, non German. 
You need to stop being a communist subversive faggot and accept that it was a psyop on the kikes by Breivik, youve been told 3x now. I can think of a Hitler quote that applies there myself, kike. 
Look you stupid Nigger, I'm German I tell You what to read and you obey. If not I stomp the ever lovin shit out of you, got it? I said read Mein Kampf, you long-winded quack. Pay the fuck attention, bitch. You Jew loving, Cunt. Cause > symptom 
Youre a race traitor, its as simple as that. Comparable to condemning the beer hall putsch martyrs. Youd be put in a camp to sort your thoughts out. 
You're calling me a race traitor because Breivik shot white people who were against Israel. Let me guess: you're flat nigger broke and have never owned anything and never had a decent job like Breivik. 
Nice brain dead shaming tactic. That or you are still retarded but cant read. 
A friendly reminder that George W. Bush, that Yankee carpetbagger, first instituted in-state tuition for illegals when he was governor of Texas. It's retarded even from an economic angle. Here in Ca, the vast majority major in shit like Spanish or Chicano studies, which turns them into angry SJWs for the rest of their lives. Send 'em all back. 
Smug lolis get more smug every time some faggot gets triggered over drawings. 
That's true. It's funny how they don't mind stuff being censored when they don't like it. If a person is truly for free speech they defend the speech they don't like not just the speech they do like. Personally I find all the "It's always Jews fault" stuff super retarded but people are free to post it and I won't push for it to be banned because I disagree with it. 
The people who actually look for stuff to complain about are the worst kind of authoritarian puritan-fags. Don't like it. Don't look. It's that easy. 
Well this is just soooo Me. These words have been my screensaver for the last few years. I Fought right until the very end because I Had No Other Choice. Now I get to go home and I just can't wait! I'll be at peace at last. Christ knows I've suffered every fucking stinking shit cunt day of my so-called life & now I get to sleep at last. God bless All. Mwah! Xxx 
This nigger needs to pay the full price of his sedition and treason. No quarter shall be given to anything/person/it that ever wanted to redefine America. This nigger must swing on the end of a rope, with 13 twists. It's the 13th twist that snaps the cervical vertebrae! I volunteer to hold the other end of this turd's line. 
Cunt 
3. They exposed how retarded the "Believe Women" line is on a national stage. 
A well deserved shit kicking! Stupid Muzzie trash! 
With time she might correct it by modifying the equation with a muzzie ratio 
A tranny nigger telling moslems to take over the country. Big mike needs to swing from a lamp post in gitmo. 
Re: this socalled pipe bomb shit, more like pipe bong to me, furthermore: oh who cares whether it's a democrat retard or a republican retard, or a russian, or a martian. Whoever has the Iq of a turtle and the morals of a wet fart. People get hurt doing this shit, excited Le sometimes make the wrong calls, juries get shit wrong, and easily confused people get led astray. This should be punished with the highest publicity and the lowest tolerance. It's molesting an entire people, their total system of representation, and to call it terrorism is not strong enough. The fact that it's bombtard joke 101 does not affect the severity of the crime. Letting the ones who started testing the line tackling congressmen, and antifa or libtards yelling people out of public places scott free are responsible for this as well, and i'd see them all in jail right from day one. This is what leniency to anarchy creates. I'd see the perpetrators shot in public after a fair trial myself. I wouldn't care if it was joe biden, auntie maxine or newt gingrich behind it. Id slam the whole lot from the head to the hands in prison for 50years or shoot them in a blink and sleep like a baby. The only compassion i'd have if it were a minor, or truly mentally diminished capacity i'd hold then for 20 years minimum, and see how retarded you have to be to understand shit like that is a nono. If you can sign a welfare check or take an oath of office, or work for the gov't, walk and chew gum, attend college, get laid, phhhffft, whatever see you never. 
Jew York Times will weaponize any retard willing to do (their) dirty work b/c kikes are wimps. 
Augustine was a bit of a cunt eh? 
Bad choice from this woman. Difficult to have sympathy for retarded feminist choices. Sorry to be a dick here. 
Fucking faggot has a history of being a useless cunt. 
Faggot 
I'm thinking that the stuff that Dems do might be paid for by the Republicans because it all makes the Democrats look like totally retarded Nazis. 
I'm listening to Stevie Wonder just to break up the heavy metal punk shit to clear the mind. And yeah I know that nigger ain't blind. 
Nigger caught stealing guns out of luggage at the airport where he worked. Yes, he's a convicted felon, but was employed at the airport anyway. 
Pretty sure he's a member of the tribe, and he fucks some old nigger bitch. 
Madura is the faggot boyfriend of Chavez. Where does this fat fuck get the money. Half of venezuala left because they were starving 
Oh gee, what do you know another leftist cunt that thinks she's a badass. And like all your kind. You'd start shit, then hide behind your skank ass pussy when you got knocked on your ass. I hope I'm there to see it when god sends your ass to hell for killing one of his children 
A corrupt nigger former Ag is just what the dems need. Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaha 
This retard acts as if the Romans and Greeks weren’t white also lol. It was until integration of other cultures that they became mixed, before that they were as white as other Europeans 
The mods of this sub are gay retarded cucks who lick shitballs out of my hairy asscrack. Proof inside: 
It’s that brown stain on his lips from sticking his tongue way way up Soros’ ass. Crooked bribed Democratic Senator house nigger for Soros 
Anyone who isn't a retarded pickle has privilege, I suppose. 
This cunt has fucked more niggers and kikes than your average feminist. 
What was the man religion or devil's worship did he belong to do any one no so he can have silver stack but in how heart evil cunt that cunt so good king John is not dead from the grave and looking down from heaven to look after is magna Carta s 
Nice hair cunt, did someone give you a swirly in a port-o-let? 
Dyke Teacher Arrested for her seduction/sex with female student Women with this peculiarity rarely do it for the orgasm, they do it for the power The excitement for them happens by "turning" a young "breeder" into a living nightmare just like them 
This bitch is more stupid than ever. If she thinks getting rid of the Electoral college will help her cause. She's more retarded than ever because she doesn't realize that she wants to alienate the small states. 
Hopefully this nigger whore is found gutted in an alley since there is no justice 
2nd part Another significant programming that has been done to the easily manipulated lower Iq black person is that they have programmed them to believe that they cannot be racist just as they program women that they cannot be sexist. This is completely retarded obviously and requires individuals to actually have No reasoning skills whatsoever. Since majority of Blacks Iq falls below the 95 threshold, the majority are simply not intelligent enough to realize this. This statement to any lefty which is a Fact would be viewed by any lefty or lower Iq individual as Hate speech when it is simply the Truth. As is abundantly obvious with simple logic, all Jews and Democrats are both Racist and Sexist and this is a Fact. This is where the Orwellian inversion come completely into play as they are all programmed the opposite of the Truth. Thus, it is important to understand their programming when dealing with your typical Black person. If they believe they cannot be racist or sexist, then they can be as racist and sexist as they want because their mind has no grasp on reality. Most blacks cannot even remotely understand FactS and that is the reason they can manipulate them so easily with emotion similar to all Retarded Democrats/Lefties who have not an ounce of logic. Most Blacks unfortunately are programmed robots due to the low Iq and are the most easily manipulated with the basest desires. They are programmed to attack white people by the Racist Jew. If you do encounter a hostile Black person since they are more violent due to the lower Iq, if you can do your best to tell them it was Jews who did slavery, 911, and the Jew bankers are the most at fault for their condition, not white people. Do you best to deflect them to the Truth. The Jew is everybody’s problem. 
Lol wow, this cunt had an epic moment of total and complete Failure! 
I hope there is concertina wire on top and protected by high density anti-personnel minefields on either side. Buzzards gotta eat even if it is greasy spic 
As far as which kind of Illegals who are Mostly Crossing Ms-13 & muzz-rats Sure Some Mexicans but most of them are Couriers 
My money says the bombs were actually sent by a white boomer hopped up on conservative talk radio. Only a talk radio junkie would include Maxine Waters on the list. No serious political thinker would bother with her. The thinking left wouldn't add her to a list of people who matter and the thinking right wouldn't dare silence that retarded gaffe generator. 
Yeah no way do I believe even one of these "trust the plan" Qtard boomers who call us muslim shills for questioning voting Gop down the line (let alone how they react when we advocate political violence), would do this right now. After a blue wave? Sure, but not now. 
Perhaps it was a charming collaboration between boomer grandpa and zoomer grandson while gen x dad and millennial older brother were chortling about memes and arguing about optics in the other room. 
Hitler took the guns but maxine aint getting mine! Oorah 
No, because boomers actually know how to make shit. I'm going to bet millennial because it looks like it was based on the idea of some stoner that watched Sponge Bob for technical knowledge. 
Couldn't be a millennial or gen xer. Only boomers and zoomers actually get out there and pull real gangster shit. 
The way it's built is like a 6 year old kid. Maybe a non-white boomer? Split the difference and we'll have a deal! 
Eh. I’m going with nut, first and foremost. Possible Lib history with outlier possibility of foreign-national collusion. 
At least one of the packages was not even mailed via the postal service. Which means whomever did this was there in person. Puts doubt on the one talk radio lunatic theory, unless that lunatic has direct access to Cnn mailroom. 
We all know who did this. 
Shes literally retarded 
Please Vote No! To the Commie Pinko Faggot Democrats! 
Why the fuck you here cunt im tryna get my garden succt. Fucking refer to my post. Much love, 330ml Pump 
Look mate. You didnt specify whether you wanted to buy or rent anything you just said you wanted it done so why dont you just go fuck yourself aye cunt Much love Me 
Look dick head. I got 5gs on my wrist get the fuck off my myspace page retard! 
Square up you fuckin spastic cunt Dont fucking respond to my posts anymore thanks! 
Imagine being retarded And senile, a combination Nancy is very familiar with! 
Hey Maxine, where'd you get that dyke haircut? From Eric Holder? (he's a hairdresser by night) 
Funny how I don't see that nigger who attacks Yt and claims to be happily married to a mudshark around here justifying this violence. Yesterday he was claiming that Yt hates children and has no soul. How much soul does a nigger have when they beat someone with a brick and run over her multiple times with their car? 
You obviously only know extremely low, depraved and mentally retarded females in your ghetto. 
Another disease ridden Chinese slut bot. 
Incest is best. When you're a muzzie whore 
You ain't a Muzzie are you? ) 
You are a mamby pamby faggot 
Yes. He is lying. You dumb cunt 
If it weren't tagged as Nsfw it wouldn't appear like it does in the left image. You really are a fucking retard holy hell 
A retarded faggot like you couldn’t sell water to a man dying of thirst. 
Surprised the raging commie faggot didn't call out the black fella as a white supremacist. These lefties are unhinged. 
Come on Chris Wallace Marie barf bag really I have to change the channel every time that stupid blonde bimbo is on the telly 
She some ugly bitch that wears these black rim glasses and think she knows it all she used to speak for that faggot Obama 
Bono wants Africa and the Eu to join forces against Trump and the Us and take over the world [Bono-Motherfucker Is A Traitor. He Is THe King Of THe Mongreloids. Any Fan Of HIs=Enemy Of Mine] 
Welp. That’s more faggot fodder for the death squads. 
Who cares if he is a right-wing authoritarian, faggot? 
Faggot npc 
Just a Low Iq Nigger Bitch. 
Yes you won the retard olympics, congrats. 
So you admit you were in the retard olympics. Got it. 
You wanted to win the retard prize, you earned it with flying colours. It's your's and you can't give it away! Has your name on it! 
Thanks for admitting you were in the retard olympics. 
Georgetown Professor Says that White Gop senators in Kavanaugh hearing deserve miserable deaths The professor recently tweeted of Gop senators, "We castrate their corpses and feed them to swine. " Bitter ugly dyke is Christine Fair 
I dont want to put on my timeline. He is a giant retard. 
See? Retarded 
Trump isn’t Obama. Mattis isn’t whatever feckless cunt Obama had as Secretary of Defense. 
The crusty cunt part of the duo-Clinton incited it. 
No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2. 0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros 
Hell, Germany should get half the Muslims drunk for Oktoberfest and sit back and watch the other half execute them for Haram. 
String em up. Raise a muzzie - raise a glass! 
The whole two doors explanation just sounds completely retarded on its face. It sounds exactly like the kind of thing someone would pull out of their ass to lend credence to their story. 
But the Irish Nigger can attack buses and get rewarded for it? At least Khabib handled business in the cage and then outside of the cage with his fists, not a dolly. 
Nigger be dreaming of white women like 99. 9% of dindu men 
Even folk is feeling the retarded cringe levels from you. But he has a heart of gold. 
Christians & christian identarians talk like jews, probably means a jew. Theyre also most probably in a synagogue, getting whipped by jesus for being so retarded. Lol If anyone tells you a white person is an israelite, a country hundreds of thousands miles away, & no dna records of being an israeli exist. He might be a jew 
"never forget the 6 gorillion slaughtered by Charlemagne goy! " You and Robert don't get to call anyone retarded tbh. 
Stop practising a jewish religion, & stop being called a jew. Totally not a jew, lol 
Oh yes, they are! How about Islam? Muslims claim that Abraham and all the prophets were really muzzies, hence they claim judaism; Christians do a similar shit by claiming that yahweh, through Jewsus, made a new covenant with those who accept the Messiah, and are now the new chosenites. 
I like how you praise whites being murdered, Just shows how nasty kike of you ) 
Jordan Peele is married to a white woman. Maybe do some research, you fucking racist retards. 
Yeah, he’s a nigger making anti white propaganda l. What else is new? 
If you really think about it, it was a really retarded thing for Jp to post. I mean, does peterson think Kavanaugh is going to read that tweet and decide to resign? Or is he just virtue signaling like a shitlib? 
Signalling to shitlibs that he's a shitlib, i guess 
Look at this dumb cunt on Twitter 
Why work? If you work, your money is just going to subsidize your replacements or single mothers that impregnated by your replacements. I'm also on white man strike. I'll keep leeching off productive people until I have stake in the society. Definitely don't ask me to die in wars for Jews. 
Ffs! You lazy twats, the lot of you it seems. How does it feel to have to be supported by black and Jewish working folk then? No doubt you're all breeding like bloody rabbits too. You are the white trailer trash they talk about in the Us aren't you. 
It's their country, not mine. I don't have any stake in it at all. They better get used to dying in wars for Jews though. I'm not doing it. We can't even get a wall we voted for despite ctrl of government, but we can fund walls for other countries. The country doesn't belong to us. 
Aw didums, no one likes the fasc. Oh well, time to kill yourself 
I have perfect understanding when I read English cunt it appears you're the one who's got trouble writing it right? 
Official story: a zionist mason mass murdered some children who were protesting against Israel. Anyone who tells you this guy is a hero needs to take a volcano bath. 
Lol, make sure to video your redneck clown show. 
Look at this Tranny Faggot 
The hell are they talking about? Some bullshit globalist trash ment to tarnish minds. Same shit why they keep sending sub 70 Iq retard people to Europe rather than letting them correct their own societies. Next step will be to say Europe always belonged to Africans. Wait for it. 
Sinéad O'Connor to become a Muslim. What a fucking result, the ugly cunt will have to wear a burka. 
What wrong with them all running away from the good side when running in to evil way she was with pedo religion now going to even worst pedo must like being beaten up 
Nuthing To Do With Useing That On That Poor Man Fuck Them I Say Shoot Them Dirty Cunt Cops 
What's the difference between Twitter and Gab? Surprisingly not much. Both sites have fags that want to censor people for something they don't like. On Twitter it could be anything. On Gab it's fucking pictures. For sites that proclaim to be "Free Speech" advocates they both have a funny way of showing it. I know a majority of users who were on Minds have seen/heard this song and dance before, but it bares repeating. Lolicon/Shotacon in the United States is not illegal and it's not viewed as "obscene". At least under the legal definition of the word. So once again I have to link this court case, United States v. Handley 2008, just to prove this point. So here is the WIkipedia Article that summarizes what the case was about and the ultimate decision from that case and the case itself: Now some of you are probably wondering "Morphbox why are you making a big deal about this? " Well it's simple. I value Freedom of Speech. Both the spirit and the law and the law in the Us has been undermined for several decades now by moral busybodies who just want to cause a moral panic and this time is no different. That and Obscenity Law(s) are bullshit. I know most people came to this site to have fun and just post random shit about anime girls and sometimes guys, but it's now down to principles. So I hope @a and his legal team actually look over this case and realize under Us Law as far as I'm aware Lolicon and Shotacon are legal. They are just drawings of fictional children yes doing sexual acts, but they are fictional none the less and yes they do have artistic merit to them. You may not like it, but ultimately that's your problem and not mine. Nor is it anyone else's. Now then here is some tasteful loli everyone including certain prudes can enjoy. 
Oh, oh, oh the faggot is all over this oh oh oh btw, queer go do the world a favor a go hang yourself. Jew we arent going anywhere We are here to stay so peddle your faggot ass elsewhere. Oooh btw go near Our children We will reply with an answer you lot won't like. 
Cunt 
"as a woman", is that supposed to mean she's an authority figure? Should we respect her just because she rolled the genetic dice and came up the most over privileged and protected group in the world. No must just be her entitlement to be a raging cunt to another person. 
An actual scene from this (movie) when a character asked "What will we do with the Jew? ". 
Everybody check this bullshit out. One might think the jews would use a bit more nuanced holohoax propaganda now, but nooo, right back to soap and lampshades! 
Anyone with basic common sense, or access to the internet, should know that jew-soap is a jew-lie. That clip is a mind-numbingly retarded transparent piece of propaganda. Hopefully it's so obviously egregious that it's laughed at by most people and used as an example to undermine the baseless fiction propping up their entire scheme. 
Hardly a kids but I like the referrence, as one. Twitter, is the shit box your cat is looking to take a shit in with the little blue faggot birdie! 
I'm dressing as a nigger picking cotton. 
Nigger walks out. If he was a White man, he would still rot in slammer, and rightfully so. But then, White man would not do such monstrosity. Acid attackers are either smelly pakis or jungle monsters, most of the time. So, that's that. Courage, Katie. 
We are sinking in a nigger mud flood 
Finally, , Hot Water Heater in the Kitchen, , insulated lines. Vs The retarded nonsense standard, in the basement ~ to out in the garage. 
Rc Davis is a little nigger lover. Maybe he should invite kanye over to dinner and let him fuck his wife. Lol. Sickening white worm! Lol 
Great, now a gorgeous White, blue-eyed blonde bitch dancing with a Paki boy. They even made her kiss him. That's two White blue-eyed blonde girls the show has forced to kiss a Nigger and a Paki. This racist show needs to be burned-down. What next? They will show the two races best known for raping our girls doing just that? 
Pilgrim's Progress 10/17/18 On Predatory Islam I came across this quote, allegedly from Albert Einstein. Caution: I tried to double check that attribution (being wary of believing much anymore on face value), and I have not been able to do so. So far. Correction: confirmed quote It is interesting regardless however, and echoes somewhere (dully) in what passes for my mind. "A human being is part of the whole called by us 'Universe', a part limited in Time and Space. We experience ourselves, our thoughts and feelings, as something separate from the rest. A kind of optical delusion of consciousness. Our task must be to free ourselves from this delusion, by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of Nature in its beauty. We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking, if humanity is to survive. " Einstein's quotes tend to be shorter, more snappy, and more to-the-point. Nonetheless, I am inclined to believe the last sentence embodies an awkward conundrum, with a hint of quiet truth. I have scribbled incessantly in this arena. Unless we somehow rein in these dark, mad horses, we are being dragged, on the gallop, screaming perhaps, but nonetheless relentlessly, towards the precipice. Those who are feeling, must feel. More intensely, more searchingly, more passionately, more earnestly than ever before. Those who care, must do so more than ever. Those who rhyme, ponder, entreat, reason or appeal, must do so in ever more heartfelt, ringing, strident tones. How-some-ever. When we know that there are those who will not listen, who hold us personally, and our culture in general, in seething contempt, we pause. How much of that sentiment can we shrug off? Sticks and stones? Or worse? Much worse? Many nations now face the relentless onslaught of exponential-super-fast-breeding, screamingly-hysterically intolerant, inbred Predatory Islam. Cautionary words and articles might help, but alone (however erudite) will not deal with this pestiferous cancer. All must bow before this 1400 year old predatory cult. If unopposed, or merely opposed by token marches, much Smm (Social Media Muttering), and the odd bacon sandwich (on mosque doors), this plague of insatiable locusts will systematically destroy the Health Service sector (in the Uk, the Nhs), plunder the benefits system, and fill every available council housing waiting list. Their industrial scale drug and grooming gangs, already long since bold as brass, virtually unopposed, and given a free pass by breathtakingly cowardly (and corrupt) 'officialdom', will render the very face of Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere, wholly unrecognizable. Unless we act Now, our granddaughters will wear the burqa. Our grandsons will cower, and tip toe -timidly, eyes downcast- as third class dhimmi citizens, through what was once their ancestral homeland. The sad truth, smashing us in the (poetic) face like a lump of un-rhyming concrete, is that Europeans Must re-arm. By any means possible. The days of timidly marching, and being turned back easily by cops-on-horses, and the odd cretinous, baton wielding, Police-thug-in-uniform enjoying dishing out Pain, need to come to a screeching halt. Relegated to the dustbin of (failed) sincere attempts. There's a fight brewing. A real one. I can rhyme about it if you wish. It doesn't alter the truth. Going back to the quote above, in the name of compassion. Re-arm, become militant, organize underground, go para-military, and up the ante big time. Or roll over. 
I don't think it is actually. 'Cos I really hunted. But it's in essence, true. And no, they won't cool it. Self control is anathema in the screaming cult. Retard level, inbred, first cousin marrying, low Iq of course has a huge bearing. When you are dealing with savages. 
I am getting really sick and tired of these fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting demonic tranny porn on Gab. A lot of people are going to be turned off from Gab for this very reason. 
Now where ya gonna go? Why not tell everyone how much you hate my book that you haven't read again? Lol 
Nooo! Not at all. I didn't want one of those heavy going political books. Mine is factual, amusing, poignant, worrying, happy. Easy to read. Applies to the whole of the west too. I just use Britain as the example because I know it inside out. Give it a read, you might like some of it ) 
Here is Agent Orange's fake review Jan. I present Anthony Crawford of Aylesbury. Thick Marxist twat with a wife and 4 mistakes. I chased him off Gab a couple of months ago. Blocked me on both his Twitter accounts now too lol 
Looks exactly as I'd imagined one would look, the review was obviously very personal and not a genuine critique of the book imho 
Most of them are about me not the book Jan. I can tell you which upset lefties wrote them as well. Joker, Laz, BegsAli, Moon, Old Wolf, ResistingHate Roanna and Kitty, Agent Orange, Scotty Blake, JewishCatLady etc. Coincidentally the same twats I was kicking on Twitter at the time lol 
You kicked them on Twitter? Moronic liar. You were suspended so many times you ended up here in the Nazi cesspit. Btw you got Kitty's Id monumentally wrong and your book is badly written rubbish. 
A left wing twat from Twitter. I was suspended so many times For kicking them ya thick twat. Had to mass cry to Mummy Twitter to make it stop. And Kitty is Niliyyah Rashid from Leeds. Obese Roanna gave it away on her Facebook page and then confirmed it to me and her ResistingHate Fb followers. And yet again, you haven't read my book have you lol 
Mamby pamby faggot 
This Code Pink twat is saying that an allegation is enough to send it to trial. Ben Sharpiro shut her down with logic. I'm sorry Liberal women you have the brains of a retarded gnat. 
Nigger lover 
Oh boy! Another Nigger loving Faggot 
My pet AllahMo told me that her friend in the next sty was raped by a filthy Muslim b*st*rd. As a result she had one disgusting, ugly filthy, retarded piglet. Her friend is ashamed that that piglet went on to become the Mayor of London and called himself Khan. She named him Pork Moham, after his father. AllahMo is the one with the spots. Coming to a Mosque near you. 
U follow too many retarded people Chad u have ur own self to blame for this 
This is what I don't get, because of robotics we need less and less low still jobs, but idiot liberals want more retard 3rd world immigrants, why? So they can be on welfare? 
He’s a little nigger child. How do you expect a little nigger child to look? 
Not getting enough faggot in your daily media or from "fags on Gab" like? Well then step right up and get your sodomite pride on with a faggoty face on your Apple Watch. After all, it's all in our heads (right sodomite sycophants) You're no threat to our kids. Keep eating dat poo poo queermos! 
Tim cook might be the sickest faggot still upright. 
Sex robot. But a manly-looking, bull dyke sex robot? Why? 
Hang that nigger anyway! 
Another badge nigger (outside the house shooting into it-Wtf) with a license to kill and the training to lie and cover it up. I'll wager the Aurora Iad finds no evidence of wrongdoing and this psychopath will continue to walk the streets armed and dangerous. Unfortunately the taxpayers are going to get screwed again. 
If Verizon thinks replacing the battery is a "repair" then either they are retarded. Or, more likely, they only care about selling me a new phone rather than helping me keep the one I like and stop wasting materials for all these damned phones 
They call him the cunt juggler He goes straight for the vajuggular Gonna squirt his hole jug in her Feed her the big slug dinner Virgin pink into thug sinner His cock is the pink hug winner 
This is not a diversity problem. In fact, I'm not sure it's a problem at all. It's a few female savages paying cunt price for their own stupidity. These stories must be spread far and wide to deter potential newcomers; I'm surprised the Cnn would do the job. 
He's been side tracked by Jews pushing nigger beats, supposed to count for for culture and poetry. Do or die shite, useless tripe, wobbly script, unfit hype 
And that Other Muslim Loving Cunt May Of The Uk Needs To Go As Well. 
Be On the lookout! A nigger escaped the Democrat plantation! Word is, he is on the Supreme Court! Democrats couldn’t destroy him in 1991. 
No one tried to blow up cnn, use your fucking brain, cnn is going to try to blame trump because he points out that cnn are loser liars, use your fucking brain and see the dirty trick cnn, the hillary cunt and soros are using, lol stupid cunt hillary and the skank at cnn need hanged to death 
If you are that retarded just kill yourself 
Whay a load of retards on here 
Retards like to call others retards. While usually its the one calling retard. That is the retard. 
I think that's retarded. 
First they came for the Weev but I did not speak out bc I was not a stormer, then they came for the Patrick Little but I did not speak out bc I was not a Whignat, then they came for the tranny shit but did not speak out bc I was not a tranny chaser, then they came for the lolis but I did not speak out bc I was not a lolifag. 
And so goes the worries of the faggot who can’t find the line of morality 
Oh, on this one you make sure the fact that she is flat chested is cut off. Btw, what scares you fags about tits? 
Still haven’t answered why you’re scared of tits, fagola 
Hey, you could be a super sniper operating anywhere in the world with a f'n Groucho Marx mustache and some mission jew spectacles if you wouldn't always get your commando jew balls caught in your chutzpah zipper head. Jew why don't you sniff a dog's asshole and find a fire hydrant to rub it on? You shit like a butterfly and piss like a bee. Gtfoh! 
Hey You Faggot Pussy Im Not A Jew, Just Because You Are Gender Confused And Cunt Go Fuck YouRSELF And Get An Education 
Ball dont lie faggot 
I'm going to dress up like Kirsten Powers and go as a bitch. 
Kirsten powers appropriates sand nigger cock to throat 
Die andere Lösung wäre besser. Wettschwimmen der Nigger und Sandneger gegen die Haie im Mittelmeer 
Conservatives still have an inverted mind that has been brainwashed by the filthy Jews. They still believe the holohoax lies of the Jew so it keeps their mind in a Trance! It is a tough go to get it fixed but at least it can be fixed unlike Racist Retarded Democrat Npc Pigs! I see no hope in recovering their brain at all! Democrats need to be euthanized. 
Rap = nigger dick suckers 
Nigger dick sucking gang banger wannabe rap faggot 
DemoKKKrats are fucking retarded 
Jar was the one that said he did more work than Darkscythe when that wasn't true. Darkscythe was debunking what Jar said, and Jar had His butt buddy in his video that had nothing to do with Darkscythe or anybody! God you're retarded 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
No one gives a shit faggot 
Macleans only exists because the retarded asshole Justin Trudeau gives them government money to prop up their failed business. 
Goddamn i come up with the best trolls greatest response to any retard saying we live in a Rayp Culture: "ok so knowing we allegedly live in a rape culture, surely you would never risk it and go out alone to anywhere Ever would you? Have you gone out alone being aware of da Rayyyp culture? Yes? So you want to be raped? Wow! " yes you can copy this and use it 
Either we live in a rape culture and you instigate rape by going out alone and being easy prey, or we dont live in a rape culture and youre a hysteric retard Npc lets get it 
Those are done intentionally to keep cunts like you away. Single feminist (redundant, I know) or miserably married - please go somewhere else and spew you negativity biatch. News flash for you - we don’t fucking care about your feelings 
I referred to you as a cunt, not a kike loving cunt - might you be projecting here? 
When I tweeted @ faggot Mcfeels that his cock sucking of Trump is very annoying the faggot called me insane and blocked me. These fucking pieces of shit are only in it for the money and are possibly controlled opposition. They are filthy scum and should be doxed and exposed for the filth they are. 
Normie outreach? What normie will listen to those two faggots? They're voices are shit. 
I've been banned for '7 days' from Twitter since the 15th for 'hate speech' after I called someone retarded for saying the most ludicrous shit and supporting hate speech of another. All the posts are still up, but I'm suspended. Genius. 
Once a nigger, always a nigger. Not all African American Negroes are niggers. Most are good people. But becoming a Nigger is by choice. 
So Trump blew him off as a retard asking nonsense questions. 
Babydoll? What a nigger mysogynistic uneducated pig! That fat bastard should be ashamed of himself. I bet he diddles his sister. This dumb fat fuck never watched the hearings. He's just believing the lies. I bet he was raped as a child. 
Dumbass nigger who made it through life cuz he's a dumbass nigger. And a leftist Pos 
Damn socialists screwed their country but they are so retarded they keep voting these vermin back 
. I'm foaming at the mouth. Show everyone my post of foaming at the mouth. Even eddy has turned he's back on you. 
You’re foaming at the mouth cause of the circle jerk party you participated in, you were the pivot. Disgusting splouge burps comin back up 
Dean it is all good. When you put a picture up of yourself then comment until then you are a bigger faggot more than me. 
No one is a bigger faggot, no worries Johnny boy 
Not worried about being a faggot. Gab has given me six men replying to me. Joblow not disappointed with you 
You have to keep these opinoins to yourself in the nigger job space 
Faggot scumbag typical democrat jackass 
You Think You're The Bollocks But You're a Cunt 
It's a crayon, not a fish. I think the joke would have been better as "I bought my retarded nephew a goldfish today. " 
Sorry Retard Read The Post. If you believe trump -you are a profoundly stupid sheep. Maga? Purge Antiamerican right wing filth from our soil. Trump is the fucking traitor and his followers are fascist sheep. Trump should hang in Gitmo for treason. His supporters should be rounded up and shipped back to russia. 
Fake breastts, fake hair, caked on make-up this is what the jew faggot does to women & of course they love partnering them with niggers, niggers only respond to things amped up to the max - maximum bass, maximum spice etc they've 0 appreciation for subtleties & distinctions hence why they love blacking fake women 
They get charged with a crime, put them on the next damned place outno trial. Taxpayers don't need to fork out additional money for blood-sucking leeches on our back whom we don't here in the first place. I'm sick of their cultures, their crime, their language forced on us. To hell with the lot. We speak English here, not jungle bob, raghead or punjabi. 
Every cunt should have to wear one 
I was just thinking, I really hope someone like that faggot Ben Shapiro comes along and tells me how to think today. 
On top of that, there’s plenty of men who fuck women and are Mgtow. Because they didn’t marry, they have resources. That means the hottest women want to suck their dick. Lol. The ironic thing is the only time I didn’t get laid when I was married. So if your a faggot who dislikes pussy, marry away. It will help the blue pilled Marxist boss like you. 
I’ve said this 100’s of times but it never gets old. Hitler killed 70) million children women and men in a dozen countries. Hitler completely destroyed germany never recovered from getting their asses kicked in world war 2. Germany to weak to fight off the migrants overthrowing the German country. Then to find out hitler sucked cock. Lots of men in his life. Hitler lived at a gay bathhouse a cesspool or queer group of men fucking each other. Then commited suicide a queer way out of this world. To idolize a queer madman who said I will rule the world. Complete insanity and was fucked in the ass over and over. Sense you nazi worship hitler you must worship queer Mohammedan obama Yes 
Homos are destroying civilisation, , don't let them near your children 
You are nigger shit 
The jew dyke to blame for multiculturalism 
Did I step on a retard or did u link this 3 times? 
Cunt defends cowardly cunt 
Ugly one-eyed kike nigger 
You're ignoring the genetic concerns of the future. You can't assimilate less intelligent races into civilizations built by more intelligent people because of genetics. Remember, 65 is the average Iq of africans. That's mentally retarded by European standards, and intelligence is linked to genetics. 
Here's one for u. Food stamps are a govt subsidies that by every empirical obs produces nigger shit. Govt doesn't pay for toilet paper, tooth paste, deoderant. Nothing for hygene. Crazy huh? It's as if they want a plauge or pestilence. 
How about you just fuck off back to whatever 3rd world shit hole of a country you come from? Problem solved I'm a problem solver Ok You're welcome 
Well then, get the fuck out, sand nigger 
One Muzzie idiot endorsing yet another idiot! 
The Proud Boys were able to wrestle the streets of Portland away from the judeo-left even though the latter had home field advantage and a very sympathetic Mayor (Ted Wheeler. Theyre ready to charge into Berkeley, Manhattan (where Hillary got like 90% of the vote), and so on. Compare to some alt-rights retreating into autism and ironybro faggot shit. 
If you're not out with signs naming the Jew (and others) then you're a faggot and don't deserve the first amendment. It works. It's competitive speech. They can't compete with competitive speech that's why it's outlawed everywhere else. 
Say - "I'm a little faggot and i'm just gonna Scream! " 
You are right there, for some time my bank had an ugly ass nigger on the main page. Was glad when that was changed, recently I saw that the Swedish Ebay had some lame charity crap going on. Getting a bit tired of seeing niggers in all of the advertisements we have here. 
So we can add witness tampering and subornation of perjury to the long list of Ford's felonies that she will get the cunt pass on and walk away from Scot free. 
The fucking sand nigger is Still alive too. Remember? How they buried him at sea. Bullshit! He’s Still alive! 
Evidently calling Kirsten Powers a Retard is by Heterosexually challenged Jack Dorsey's Minions If Trump switched to Gab. TwatCity would be a ghost town 
Did you see on twitter how it's the 20 year anniversary of the brutal death of Hiv positive gay prostitute Mathew Shepard? Libs are memoralizing him 
That's retarded liberals for you. 
I fucking hate you faggots who push this faggot on our people. Fuck you all. Go take a jewish dick, you pieces of shit. 
You R A Dumb Cunt Ask A Question And Answer It DumbASS 
Commie Pinko Sjw Cunt Bitch! 
Fuck off squeaky yid cunt 
Is this crazy cunt begging for a fatal stoning session? 
Jack Dorsey is a fairy gay faggot that supports pedophilia on Twitter. 
No I am really just trying to get a Gab feed that doesn't make me spew vomit out of my nostrils every five minutes. I just can't seem to let it go how Re Fuckin Tarded social media posts are. I find it necessary to remind people like yourself whom could do better. 
Holy cunt bag, you claim to be non liberal right? A whining little bitch like you? You sound just like those people you claim to be against when someone puts your dumb ass down. Lmfao Pussy. 
I agree with your second sentence, well, the first half of it. "lesser races"? First of all, "Jewish" is not a race. Second, using a broad brush is not helpful. I'm sure there is a member from each of these "other races" offering more than you are to help fix Toronto. I don't care what race you are if you assimilate to the Canadian culture and laws. 
"Canada's Visible Minority Population, 2001" - Black - South Asian - Chinese - Korean - Japanese - SouthEAST Asian - Filipino - Arab/West Indian - Latin American 
Jews aren't a race. They are mongrel interracial cross breeds with no heritage. They breed with anyone as a parasite on other gene pools. They are an evolutionary abomination. So are Arabs. Jews and Arabs are the same people, just with a different religion. 
Again, Jews aren't a race. Ashkenazi Jews cross bred with Whites and look close to White. They are not White. Jews breed with anyone. They are mongrel interracial cross breeds with no heritage and no connection to each other even though they pretent to be such. 
"Ashkenazi Jews" So, they are a race? 
Nc you pretentious faggot. I hv more Anglo in my eye lids than u do ur whole body. Fuckin Good Will Hunting over here. 
Would you care to pit your Dna test results against mine? 
Jesus Christ your more of a faggot than I thought. Would u like said dna in your mouth? Dna online? How bout we face time fag? Guaranteed (huge sticker) you’ll hang up immediately. Dna swap online yeessshhh 
I would ask that you not use the Lord's name in vain. Thank you. 
Feel free to insult me all you want, but please keep my Lord out of it. 
I’ll do what I so see fit with my words an any name I want to use. My country is free fuck face. Unlike ur soon to be islamic wasteland. Is saying God taking the name in vain, or is it just Jesus? 
"I’ll do what I so see fit with my words an any name I want to use. " But of course, which is why I asked nicely. 
No you demanded, and claimed him as yours. Hence self righteous faggot statement. I just talked to Jesus an he confirmed that yes indeed you are a cunt. 
Read The Posts I told you. You sound retarded with the name calling. 
Trumptards And Republipukes Will Fail In November! The Blue Tidal Wave Shall Faltten The Facsists, Drumpf Will Be Impeached, And Hillary Will Be FInALLY President! 
Fuck you! When the Kkk wins the prisidency, Gesus himselve will come and kick your nigger loving hippie ass the all way down to Hell! 
You misspelled Jesus. And is 33rd degree masonry bullshit. But I agree with your sentiment in making a fucking man out of this Anti-Fag. Too long we have pussy-pampered people who are not grateful for having been saved the scourge of bullying. It's obvious we should have let Big Bub toughen this little shit up and Kick the little girl out of him or her! 
Ya Ya Ya what is wrong with people today if your a dike your a dike I don't want to hear about or see it So your canoe lickers, good for you. Your pussy can. T roar if it could you would be in a porno and your not so how about shutting the fuck up Ooooo shit by the way if that's what your cunt hair look's like you might have crab's 
Your Daily Reminder: Jesus was a socialist and said rich folks burn in Hell forever. If you don't know that, you have no remote clue what's in the Bible. 
Nope not a socialist. I think we've been through this before. 
The poor go to Heaven, and the rich burn in Hell forever. That's way to the left of a socialist. The Ot is an extreme income distribution required by Law document, but if you do heavily redistribute your income, you're ok. But Jesus, you burn in Hell forever regardless. 
If you follow Jesus. 
Nah, the Living Father created us all, whether we believe in him or not. There is only One God. 
I'm getting a muzzie vibe here. 
No, I'm someone that just demonstrated you have no clue what's in the Christian Bible (or historical sources too, of course) You think Muzzies know the Bible better than you do too? They don't even know what's in the Koran. 
Whatever, I appreciate your work. You get people talking about things. Have a good night. 
You too, best wishes. 
Fuckin nigger whore 
Who got a noble peace prize. White cunt vrs half a white cunt. My guess is neither. Other half of the white cunt one it. The black side. 
>anglin says something retarded new day, same old shit 
Didn’t that faggot chink rape some dude? 
Either nigger or creatura 
Oh look, another white trash cockroach. Good to know there are still parasites like you walking this Earth, so I get to fuck you people up when I cross the paths of you cowardice faggot dick eaters. Bye bye now Stupid! Lol! 
2000: I understand if you want to remove confederate symbology in public buildings. 2009: Jefferson had a sex slave but that doesn't invalidate his ideas. Robert Lee didn't even own slaves come on! 2018: When Lee inherited his father's plantation he should have killed every nigger there instead of freeing a single one. Delphine LaLaurie did nothing wrong! 
I noticed some retard down voted without comment 
Hitler had the Brown Shirts to disrupt demonstrations, the Globalists (probably financed by Soros) have the skinny guys in black hoodies #Politicalcommentary 
This is the Hooded/Hoody Uniform of the Globalist Enemy. If they r around you prepare to Defend yourself. "The best defense is a good offense". 
So u want ppl to run when they present themselves & impose themselves on us. This is Not how the Men in America made this Country. "Do not be aggressive". Not surprising coming from a female. 
This is Weak. And weakness. Its like saying Trump will never be Prez or like saying Jobs will never come back from China. 
Me Programed. U r! U got nothing worth hear'n. Ppl have been running away from the communist Bs u & that cunt suggest we run from 4 40 Fuck'n yrs. Just look at SoCA. Ur a F'n kiss ass. U & her would have us keep running 4 another 40 yrs. Its a good bet u & that Cunt supported illegals, Homoseuals, Pot, & Lotto etc b'n legalized too. 
But I can at least spell! 
(Spelling, Wth? Ok, programmed. This is a forum hammering away at stuff. U sound like a Dem-Commie from Twatter, oops, forgive my spelling. Me Programed. U r! U got nothing worth hear'n. Ppl have been running away from the communist Bs u & that cunt suggest we run from 4 40 Fuck'n yrs. Just look at SoCA. 
That and you posts have all the intellectual prowess of a 6 year old child. 
U keep talk'n like a Dem-Commie cunt. Go join the bitchs & us men will do the heavy stuff. I thought I mute you. Your muted dummy. 
The "Mute" award! And another snowflake runs off to his safe space! 
U(You) keep talk'n (talking) like a Dem-Commie cunt. Go join the bitchs(bitches) & us(we) men will do the heavy stuff. I thought I mute you. Your (You're) muted dummy. (rest my case) 
And yet this Yankee nigger lover was instrumental in disarming the defeated South and leaving them open to the depredations and violence of the freed slaves, egged on by carpetbaggers like him. 
This retard thought connecting symbols were swastikas. 
Lmao faggot 91 / 100 say you a pos 
Glad to be here, need a new platform as Facebook has gone to the globalist dogs, by hiring that cunt Nick Clegg 
Good the cunt is history 
Well, that's a whole lot of fairy gay faggot shit. 
Funny considering he was the worst and an usurper, lying moslem fraud faggot 
Let's deport the faggot genxers 
Faggot 
Yeah, the nigger was losing Badly so she decided to have a Category 2 Chimpout on the tennis court so the News and Headlines are All about the nigger instead of the chink she got beaten by. More lookitmuh nigger behavior. Sad! 
Lookatmuh nigger behavior. Emily you are funny. 
Usual fat ass cunt losers! 
And those of Us With Working Brains, Never Voted For That Nigger MUsLIM Fraud Either. Or The Cunt Hillary Beast. 
Cunt News Nitwork 
Being a shill for "Dont do this, it will end up badly" got you muted and booted. Stop Undermining The Movement, you fucking faggot shills. 
I don't get a dyke vibe from taylor swift, but these are challahwood chattel, so it's a good bet she's succumbed to degeneracy. 
Our Aryan Rugmuncher! I get a dyke vibe from Kloss, so who knows? The pics of Swift with boys are awkward because those guys look flamingly gay. Maybe swift just needs the rough touch of a real man. 
This is retarded 
Another piece of human sewage Racist Retarded Democrat! 
Starve those nigger bastards! 
Would be nice, if you lazy women got off your ass, & did some fighting, for a change Wheres all the women dying in the frontlines? Too busy being useless. 
You expect women to do your work for you? Now who is the cuck? 
& you wonder why your women are useless, nigger fucking retards. 
Keep grovelling to women, & keep dying on your knees to useless inferior women, pussified faggot 
Because NormieCucks are thralls to nigger worship. 
Because they are black Trash? 
White men, defend your precious white women, shoot to kill 
Bro we live in a world of girlymen. No Fuking Balls. That Sure Aint Me. Nigger GENoCIDE. They Wont Be Missed NoT Native To Usa Anyway. Gtfo 
Shonterikka Williams? Nigger ought to be fired for a name like that, never mind calling anyone a Chink. I did not say Nigger to be racist! 
If it wasn't for those mental retard leftest's you'd be in a mental hospital, getting gender helped, , , soy boy, , , , lol, , , but you are correct, , democrats love their slaves, , 
Nobody is gonna block you nigger Jamal, we love you lul 
If Guillotines are Good Enough for Lib Left Commies & Faggot Muslims to use on us I say they're Good Enough to use on them 
Anon: King nigger Npc'd 
Fucking faggot 
Huge conspiracy involving half the planet and amy schumer's asshole and a nigger hugging a banker on Tv. Or some rich kikes who think it'd be better if white people disappeared? 
The ugly four eyed cunt wasn't raped she wasn't even touched she's a fucking liar! 
So you have faggot fantasies. 
War on men won't stop till people make a choice to make it stop, and end the left wings retarded bullshit 
& whispers in ear and fondle his little pecker and Mr Hate comes running to the rescue. Because Bad steve was picking on the little Muslim trolls and Mr Faggot Hate can't have his little butt buddies being picked on now can he 
You see you little faggots I spent 7 yrs on Twitter slamming you Pos trolls I simply choose not to do it here because I know people don't like it here but I am sick of you 3 little faggots not getting taste of your own medicine. & I know you must be sick of simply tasting each others dicks day in and day out 
Now Maybe you 3 Little queers can go try on some of your sisters panties and go have fun together 
Wtg Chae join in with the little Queer Trolls 
This dude is the biggest twatter twat 
Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away, , scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? Or the fact i made u bow down twice. Kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
Nigger + faggot = niggot 
Out of an abundance of caution? What language is that? I know the words are English. But I don't recognize the language. Is that remedial retard English? 
The two little drag queens "desmond is fierce" and the one from canada that are pasted all over the news all the time both got the idea from watching rue paul's fag drag show. With their moms. Its literally cancer for your kids. Both of the little kids look like they have hiv already. 
There was also massive "art installation" bill boards about Nyc, Times Square maybe? Featuring this little faggots face all over them. Normalize, desensitize, condition. Rinse, repeat. Miss Me With That Faggot Shit Nigga. 
Yes didn't you see Tommy Robinson report on gab were that judge let them out to get out of the Uk it fuck ing sick and that judge should all so be but behind bars when he but Tommy Robinson in prison and not those evil cunt 
Lol, look at that smiling chimp. 
Of course he is smiling. He gets to rape, er I mean dance with a gorgeous young White, blue-eyed blonde girl, the stuff of Nigger dreams. 
Yes, we agree that nobody fears trumptards or those faggot CONservatives. Antifa & other related groups have been concentrating their attacks on them since 2016. They just keep taking it. Turn the other cheek christ-insanity & all. Good chance the left will go too far & Whites will strike back. The more violence, radicalization & polarization the better. 
Lol "make your next words count because I won't" Yeah you haven't made a salient point yet you pathetic faggot 
Do whatever the fuck you want you stupid cunt 
Lmao they're mad at "racist whites" but not the nigger that actually killed her! Stupid mudsharks! 
Another in a long line of Zerobama's criminal Cabinet folk! Loretta Lynch is another Fucking Retard! 
Nigger muslims 
I’m guessing brits cannot think for themselves so Mommie May is thinking for y’all. Geeze, vote that twat Out! 
Wanting to be a nigger is a mental disorder that should be dealt with by death 
N-O-ggers just wanna live forever, like Blk are. The Mental Disorder is noting why a "superior" people, are so envious of an "inferior" people? And why white-sperm is so Weak. 
It means I live in close proximity to, and have a lifetime experience of living around, having to go to school with, having to work with, and having to go to the same grocery store with motherfucking sub human, knuckle draggging, ape level Iq Niggers. How’s that? 
I shit on you and entire liberal fucking faggot soy-boy dipshit ilk. You live in a fool’s paradise. You’re so ignorant you don’t know about what it is you don’t even know. Later fella. 
What kind of retarded shit is that? I'd lose my job for this kind of "study". Restricting population to urban whites with a college degree? Yeah, that's representative. Upd: Posting more "research" like that will get you muted. You're free to pollute Gab, I'm free not to waste my time on stupidity. 
Title 9 skank Taylor Not-So-Swift "breaks her silence. " Like we all didn't know she was a man-hating closet bull dyke liberal. She only dates men so she can throw them under the bus in her next man-bashing song. You do Not have "Tennessee values" Taylor. You have sick & twisted pervert Hollywood values. Women who stand against rotten bitches like you lying about rape are the ones who possess True "Tennessee values. " We lynched too many black men in the South over skanks & their phony rape accusations. Burned entire towns like Rosewood & Greenwood to the ground over the "values" of skanks like Swift. 
The left is the destroyer of cultures because it’s leaders never have to face the consequences of their ideology. Until it’s already too late. Release this virtue signaling twat in Raqqah and let’s see how he fares. 
We call him a hopeless DemocRat twat 
Barry: I care, bitch! 
Barry: I probably had fairy gay faggot sex with him too. 
Mattoid Parrott will have to cum back the same way he got in by blogging as a ZOGtard whigger ass-clown. Maybe [un-de]generate iysse; lfg a 12-Step Program of ZOGling Whigger Ass-Clowns Anonymous{e}. We who be born white and suffered "whiggerfuktardation" need to know how to overcum-cum it. 
Yes bc she’s a demoralized cunt feminist. Her parents didn’t teach her how to be a woman. She doesn’t speak for all women over here, thank the Lord! 
K so retard deflection, got it. Blame catholics but never jews. Kill yourself. 
Funniest Twat of the Day. Celebrity’s Take On Kavanaugh Who gives a Flying Fk Who would write your little script, Witch 
Nice Pic, no Pedo Worshippers, No African Nigger Scum insight! Just how it should be! 
Dat faggot Faggotkhan. Why tho? 
How am I a nigger lover? You are blaming an animal for being an animal and not the owner of said animal. 
This faggot shouldn’t be too hard to find. 
Hah, I should, they totally would be retarded enough to buy that if you marketed it the right way and got a celebrity to shill it. Sell them cans of empty air! 
Spamming me with gay porn. Typical degenerate Jew behavior. I can only assume all the others you tagged are good people so I’m going to give them all a follow, you sick jew. 
I've been getting tagged with faggot porn also I reported 
So is Crooked Cunt under Federal investigation or not? 
He does. Kanye? 50 cent? Kim K? Hes a nigger lover too. 
Not just a cunt; a racist cunt. 
A rancid cunt. 
Commie nigger 
Anyone who can piss take this little twat Owen Jones is ok with me I don't like him not because he is gay but because he is self opinionated little idiot 
Lying Whore Needs To Be Voted Out Ugly Cunt 
Cleg is the scums premier scum. He is truly without any honesty at all. A complete, professional, dedicated, practised and accomplished cunt 
Bride of satan, whore of Babylon. Cunt extraordinaire. Hoping she is really miserable after what she's put this entire world through. Better never sleep again oKKKillary, some of those ghosts might come back to haunt your sorry soreass. 
You have the wrong feeling. It always comes down to "the nigger behind the trigger" 
"This is a free speech platform, so be aware you may not be comfortable with everything you see, " If someone's a fkg retarded pussy! 
You, too, can date bitter commie dyke Wanda Sykes with our handy miscegenation app. 
Nigger Full Of Hate And Drugs See idi amin Poster On Wall Raped Boys And Girls obamy Diseased muslim Pig Dick Sucker What A Legacy Fucking Criminal Degenerate THOnG Wearing Bitch Boy 
This bitch cunt is dumb'er than a box of rocks '! 
Piss On That Little Nappy Headed Nigger Juan Williams. She is a Slut Just Like The Communist Demorats Who Used Her. 
Whatever you say pedophile. No one is fooled by your lies, this isn't Twitter bitch, here you don't win an argument by calling someone Nazi. You're just another beta bitch faggot virtue signalling. Now run along pedo before I call Chris Hansen. 
Everyday a white women gets raped by a nigger but no media coverage. The black on white rape epidemic. The non white on white violence epidemic. Not a whisper from the kike media 
It's funny how you mention that black people are raping your little piglet wives, when in fact whites make the large majority of sexual crimes convicts especially pedophilia. I think that's more disturbing 
The data doesn't say that, retard. 
This rich-bitch is retarded 
What? I guess they ain’t got the term nigger in the woodshed in Cape Town. 
Fuck You Nigger! Well You Pet Gorilla Of The Jew, Once We Mop OfF The Hebes YouR Worthless, No Iq Nigger Asses Are Next! Go Knuckle Drag OfF To. Wakanda And Go Rape A She-Boon FuckING Nigger! 
Btw strong women are not scared of strong men, they adore alpha males, strong women are scared of spiteful, vile vermin like this cunt who constantly try to destroy alpha men and women 
Bolsheviks & bitches are against Western tradition; Strong Body/Strong Mind. It's contrary to the pussy-hat wearing bimbos & the toy-soy-boys purpose of being too dumb & weak to resist limp-wristed kikes to take it over. Pump iron; fuck up faggot left. 
Who the fuck believe retarded slut Ford? Fitlhy despicable Racist Democrat? Democrats are human sewage! 
Translation I tire so easily of hillbilly boys w pretensions of normalcy. Bring it 
Yeah how many cities have Jews built? How many farms did you run to feed America and the world? How many Jews go to war and fight? Jews are lazy niggardly and shiftless. Jews bring nothing of value to this planet. Just heartache. 
Finally a truth, not usual lies of WaPo. One comment to this article anyway light up my curiosity and a question to: if Turkey goes at war with Ksa, will we be involved as Turkey is in fact a Nato country? We had enough of Erdogan so, please, boot this muzzie extremist and his Country out of Nato. 
He is a half-nigger muzzie faggot 
If you aren't as retarded as your reply is, you would know what a false equivalence is. Hindus are natives of India. Muslims are invaders from a desert. The fuck that is Bullshit about it is Hindus defending their native land against invasion does not make them equivalent to Muslims plundering and pillaging an innocent population. Learn. 
Go fuck your self retard Hindu lover. Muslims and Hindus lived in peace until after the British invaded and left. Now India has a zio Hindu priminister stirring hatred to cause division. Go and eat some beef there see what happens to you under Hindu rule. Christian minorities also suffer. Now piss off. 
You've been lampooned at every step. I could use my twitter profile if I wanted to, dummie. And muh retarded children. 
Was definitely the right (get it, right) choice, but his refusal of climate change is really bothersome and I'm really interested in hearing some genuine opinions on his views and what I am missing, but every time I ask I get answered in a manner which would suggest that I am somehow trying to disprove him as a whole. 
Critical thinking is all that is required? The climate has change since the beginning of time, find the global warming scientists, they took the money and ran, many will see Gtmo along with the other dirty commies. Global warming data proved to be a scam so retards changed the name to climate change, that way it covers everything and means nothing. 
I guess you did not catch my statement, the climate has changed since the beginning of time, Consiracy is a term used by Tards. 
Global warming data proved to be a scam. Lol i think you're the tard get your brain checked 
Typical who gives a f? We do, we don't like being scammed by retarded liberals, thank God for Trump, he spanks that ass. 
Of course you turn creepy and talk about ass spanking. Whatever dude. I'll leave you to you own devices. 
Literal liberals get beat up on Gab, your debating skills are better suited for Twatter they have a bunch of engineers that will pile on and help your position. 
Anytime any day Kenton. I'm in Orange County. Let's see who gets beat up 
Another literal tard, all lefties are vilolent you just proved it. Gab is a platform for debate, figures of speech elude most retarded liberals, you make a physical threat, shows your very low Iq. 
Thats what i thought snowflake good deflection 
Go back to twatter dude, gab is the land of high Iq, you will not find favor here, no Jack to protect your feeble thoughts. 
I don't give a fuck about my feelings and certainly not yours. You wanna get down. Let's get down. Otherwise go fuck yourself and go to your mensa meetings since you consider yourself to be such an intellectual. Perhaps you and your cronies can sit around and talk about how smart you are while spanking each other since you seem to into that fucking weirdo. 
Look at this violent liberal. 
He, s a cunt 
No he's not, Cunts ares useful. He a back stabbing sellout money grabbing traitor 
Another reason why the Soyboy Switch meme is retarded - the PlayStation consoles are easily the most pozzed ones right now. 
Mohammed. Kiss my ass you fucking muzzie piece of shit and stay awat from my goats! 
Cunt 
Predictably, all forms of retarded anti-Spencer rumour are being embraced by Ds Jew Crew stooges such as the clown now known as 'Gop Lemming' (v. Appropriate. When the Jew Crew tries to organically generate content, they aren't sending their best. 
Jihadi's wife who turned down Seven council houses sues the local authority for not rehousing her when she was freed from jail. Bored yet, I am. Deport the bitch, job done. 
Who is Worse, the Muslim Cunt Suing or the British Government Allowing this Insanity? 
Said to my boss today " you're a scifi nut you love star-trek and all that alternative reality shit" "Yeh" he said "what about it? " I said " so do you reckon there is a universe out there, somewhere, amongst the millions of possibilities, where you're not a complete and utter cunt " 
Don't get me wrong, I've got nothing against sports. Just niggers. 
One other thing, Have you ever noticed how white football player's career(especially at the Qb position) trajectories in college & the Nfl are usually longer and more successful than their nigger counterparts? I wonder why that is 
Faggot 
I think it is pro Muzzie only. All that Finnish kiddo pussy belongs to Muzzies. 
Classless faggot and piece of shit Jim Acosta in the news. "CNNs Acosta sends private message to former Melania Trump aide: F you " Acosta should be licking urinals in men's restrooms. That's his hobby. He was seen doing that at Denny's recently. Then he went across the street to a gas-station restroom to continue licking. 
What i don't get is why they chose a black child over a White one. As parents they would usually have the desire to see the best possible future for their child. So the surrogate mother would be carefully chosen, the sperm would be screened for issues and then for some reason, instead of choosing the superior White baby, they throw it all away. I suppose though, for this deviant couple, if we are to buy into the sad fantasy presented by the social engineering short masqueerading as an advertisement, they would see this child as a fashion accessory, and nigger cubs are a hot item amongst their peers. "Oh my gord, let me lick, i mean hold it, so hot". 
And Lying Don Lemon is Fake news Cnn's House Nigger. They just mad because they lost the majority of the popular vote. And Mr. West was their biggest mouth piece. 
I love the Pres also. He is a real man. Not a commie cunt like the last muslim in there. 
You’ll look like a retard, but no pesky wrinkles: 
50 Years Ago That Movement Was Called The "Buck Slink". It Was The Way All The Young Nigger Men Walked. 
I agree; you do have certain fowl characteristics. I don’t think you've gathered from this conversation the basic idea that I do not care what you and your Nazi faggot boyfriends think, and neither does anyone else, anywhere, concerning Any subject. This isn't because of apathy; it's because you suck. 
Faggot Dick Nigger 
Happy Valentines Day Dick Nigger 
They are going to the sand nigger cock sucking party 
Look at the mug on that bunny-eyed, nigger bitch. 
Looks like a fat dyke whore 
Tell me the truth, that you're a lazy ass nigger and I'll post a link. You really can't highlight those two words, right click, select search and sound out the words on Wikipedia? Fuck me, how did you guys never invent the wheel? Remember, in Egypt you wuz Kangs an' sheeit. 
How about you say something more useful than spamming the same message over and over again, basically the only Swedish things about it are the blurred image and the killers "nationality". The most retarded thing is asking Swedes for help, help with a dude that's blurred and left the country. 
I heard about some racism on hear a while back but it turned out that the porch monkey making the claim was just some nigger with a history of claiming people offended his coon ass 
Do it faggot 
Right wingers are Retards. Not stupid or misinformed - Full On Mentality Retarded Sheep. Fuck trump. Fuck all the Racsit fascist Nazi kkk filth that support him. 
You're π radians from the truth, on at least 8 claims. And i'd rather be retarded with down syndrome, than be you: a Commie who doesn't know (or admit) he's a Commie. 
A faggot is also a meatball in gravy over here 
If he wanted it to be indelible in the hippocampus, he'd call her a self-parodying cunt from the Cia that should be taken far less seriously than a 12: 57AM sketch on Saturday Night Live. 
She’s such a dumb cunt 
It would be so awesome to watch Vladimir Putin wipe the ice with Trudeau’s faggot ass in hockey. At Least be good at your country’s best known sport. Putin scored 5 Goals in game consisting of all former Nhl players. 
She gets the kike cunt passing and he gets the White Male shafting. Diversity is our strength. 
Rt: I cannot believe are selling hijabs for very young children. They say the large size could fit a 6 year old. Absolutely disgusting. 
Careful! They'll be calling you a muzzie lover next. You should have heard them at me the other day over the Costa bacon roll radio ad getting pulled 
What a cunt of a thing 
Hey you, bitch, taking advantage of that blind guypay him every time Nigger is used by blacks. He deserve it. 
Lol your a fucking retard 
Cunt 
Good luck with that! Your white kids are nigger crazy and hare their own race! 
Kavanaugh confirmed - prepare for an epic internet faggot storm. 
Thats it, I am not watching Sky News any more. They have now got some real queenie faggot arse bandit as a news presenter. Piss off Sky, no one wants your Pc diversity crap any longer. 
Is he one of these sad twats pretending to be black? He looks more like a stand in for the Black & White Minstrel Show, with that syrup. 
Loves pussy the fukin retard is this real? What a fukin idiot 
As somebody who's met the woman, my advice to this retard is to not start shit with Tomi. She's a lot smarter than you might think, and she is fully capable of roasting a beta-male on live Tv is she is so inclined towards such. 
This. This is why I'm voting Republicanread Siege faggot 
Fucking everyone is eating retard sandwiches 
Who do you represent as President of the Moron Branch of the Retard Club? 
Dinesh Souza is a brown faggot 
Yeah but what a babe this faggot has for a wife, A! Duuuuuuhhhhh! 
Who's this dumb faggot? 
Is faggot your favorite word? Takes one to call one. Especially as much as you do. Time to come out of your closet, no! 
Some nigger should steal those fucking shoes 
Well you are a confusing person. You follow an actually shill while being aware of a Jewish problem while also accusing other of being shills. So are you just a retard or a troll? 
It’s finally dawning on you that there is zero chance of me ever being in the dock. There is actually less than zero chance. But there is Every Chance that you will be. The spasticated jew will squeal on you, I can virtually guarantee that now, anger and frustration (hallmarks of Mark Lewis since the Holy Spirit visited him and took away his mind) will ensure you get wrapped up and presented as a gift to the justice system. Your jew is gonna do for you. 
Dream on, fuckwit. 
I’ve looked back into your twitter and Gab. You first told me I was going to court/jail earlier than I said before! September 21st 2015 was your first such piece of bullshit. The dreamer is you. Almost a thousand days of fantasy from you. Compare that to nothing from me until you put your life in the hands of a self-harming spasticated jew called Mark Lewis. Thames Valley Police want to talk to Mark Lewis too. Ds Woodall wants to be included in the round-robin of disclosures. Thats Lewis and you fucked, seriously. I’m going to watch you go down, you will do time inside, that is as certain as Mark Lewis psychologically self-harms himself every day he is alive. 
U Ok Hun? Lollers. Is the truth making you realise you’re a fucking retard? 
You’ve been saying this for years you silly cunt! Hahahaha! 
I said similar about Bonehill, Jennings, Turner, Chabloz, Renshaw etc, often for years. The wheels of justice turn slowly, but you're just another Nazi cunt whose time will come. 
No reason why the abovementioned should have been punished for words 
You're similar to Bonehill, Jennings, Turner, Chabloz etc. The main difference is that you're too much of a cowardly cunt to attach your real name to your Nazi ravings. 
There; s a number of reasons for that 
The main one being that you're a cowardly cunt, who won't attach his name to his Nazi fuckwittery. 
Oh Jeez look who just cited anonymity! 
Hitler was right you stinking Jew lover. 
Classic nigger in the woodpile argument. If you have known non-white heritage you are not white. White people can create 100% white children. 
Femi. Or ' notlammy' as he's known is a thick twat who's constantly made to look a fool in interviews. Even Katie Hopkins wiped the floor with him! 
Jeezus! I can smell dyke Menses coming off that pic. 
Netanyahu's cunt on trial for fraud. Larceny is in jew Dna 
That nigger LeBro is 0-2 
Lol. Get a different profile pic that depicts your real age you old cunt 
Lee is just the neighborhood faggot 
Aaaaahhh, (Sarah Silverman), that's because every other race are pretty retarded and find it hard to shit in a toilet properly. Women are, in general, mentally unstable; so that leaves good o' reliable white male. 
America continues to circle the drain, headed for the sewer and Fast! Jerry Brown signs bill requiring businesses to have at least one female on their board of directors by the end of 2019. Failure to comply will be a fine of $100, 000 
>california is the only state with such a law >"america continues to circle the drain" >implying california is america what are you a eurofag? Only eurofags are that retarded 
Brendon, have you been paying attention to the news lately? It's Hardly just California. Pull your head out of your ass and pay attention to the news retard. 
It Is accurate dipshit, where do you think the statistics come from? They're Official statistics. Your profile Lies, it claims weaponized autism, but i know autistic people 5, 000x smarter than you. More like weaponized dimness. 
We have Trump for now, does it occur to you that he's one man, and his time in office is limited? The consequences of feminism will be long lasting and far reaching. If you think what's happening to Brett Kavanaugh is an isolated incident, you're in for a nasty surprise. Feminism is a fatal substance to any nation, look at Sweden. 
I won't be voting Conservative again, , , theyl are all traitors and as for that cunt corbyn, I hope he is lynched by his own left wing mob 
We need to pull together and be on the same page, , , we have the superior product for sure, , , the only thing the left wing cunts do better than us is stick together, the always pull rank and stick together, , , we need to start doing that 
Jesus h christ like the usa doesn't have enough faggot pestilence parasiting its corpse already. Oh well! Accelerate The Collapse! 
Don't be a fairy gay faggot soy boy! 
Disgraceful Italian-American. Pussy boy nigger lover. I'll never watch another one of his jive ass movies. 
That's the propaganda that is used to keep people separate and not see who the real enemy is. Government! 
Nigger shut up 
Lmfao. Is a lot of unsavory things. I have never ever heard of anything even remotely close to this nonsense propaganda Iran does have one of the most highly educated populations on the planet What a fucking lying cunt Haley is. 
I've been targeted for calling out their fairy gay faggot shit. 
Typical inbred low Iq mudslime. 
Just Crush This Low Iq Cunt And Be Done With It. 
That twat needs to shut her face hole. 
Fuk u, u fukin retard 
Fucking ace, hate that twat 
Man now I wish I hadn't thrown out that former roommate's number so i could taunt her retard ass about this 
You sick fucking nigger lover, Lol 
So, she's still a wacky Feminazi twat with a malfunctioning brain. 
I can't listen to maj any more, bullying slimy cunt he makes my skin crawl 
Even a Dyke bitch like Rosie produces and unbelievable amount of smegma! And you know she never washes down there! Wash that fucking box Rosie! I can smell that shit clear across the room! 
This nigger has it made. He's wearing a Crown his bike has Sky Ways and a Backhoe. 
That sounds so fucking retarded "swearing", who in the hell uses that anyway, its fucking cussing or cursing. 
Where is this faggot buried? 
I was banned also. All i did was call some retarded people retarded. Life is not fair. 
He's a cunt but it's the principle that must be defended, not the person. Doesn't matter that he's a cunt. 
Dude its 2018, there isn’t single fucking thing that happened in Charlottesville that wasn’t captured by 1000 cellphone cameras. The Fbi doesn’t need the testimony of the Crying Nazi to convict patriots of bullshit charges such as beating that stupid fucking nigger Deandre Harris. 
Nigger traitor weasel 
Don't need to block you to not waste my time responding to your retarded bigoted ass. Now stop spamming me you fucking methed out fag 
I'd cut sentences for some crimes, & add time for the worst. Rape? Mandatory life witho; let the state seek death for rape 1. Murder 2 would be eligible for the Dp; murder 1, Dp mandatory. Non-violent crimes would send you to a labor camp for 6 months along w (the tribe. We -can- be smarter on crime. Oh! Triple any sentence for a crime committed by a nigger or jew- 
Pit bulls are the niggers of dogs 
Well since you like nigger dogs you probably like nigger humans as well lol 
Look. A cunt gave a down vote. 
Blasey Ford is a botched attempt of cloning Hillary Clinton. I seriously don't know how they could make an uglier version of Queen cunt Hillary. 
Whatever, loser. My wife has made me breakfast, and I have to get ready for work. Enjoy dying alone, you Muzzie Incel faggot. 
Trump is so powerful, he's turning a lisping faggot like Graham into a shitlord. 
Who is this retarded white nigger? 
Faggot 
Maxine is a total retard 
I don't even know what you are saying, because you are such a low agency nigger that you cannot even string a coherent sentence together. The only thing you are going to be leading, is the social security line. Your kind wouldn't even exist, if it were not for the sweat off the back of my kind. Just remember that. 
Americus? You faggot mfer 
And women say sex bots are immoral? What make this woman not a whore? Not that I really have any problems with consenting adults exchanging sex for money. At least the whore will not take your kids. House, truck, and spend your child support on her nigger boy friend's crack addiction. 
Big Nigger 
This is what Swedes endorse. This is what pagans endorse. Proof that your gods don't exist. Fuck Sweden! Fuck paganism! Take the mark of the beast! (I bet you actually would too, just to rebel against the "kike god") 
Yes that is the Devil's mark, the jew 
No fuck, every wannabe sandnigger and half breed sand nigger 
University of Utah student was shot dead on campus by ex-boyfriend. Another victim of Jew media brainwashing. Her whole life she was told that all races are of equal value. Too bad nobody loved her enough to tell her, 'burn the coal, pay the toll. ' 
It’s finally dawning on you that there is zero chance of me ever being in the dock. There is actually less than zero chance. But there is Every Chance that you will be. The spasticated jew will squeal on you, I can virtually guarantee that now, anger and frustration (hallmarks of Mark Lewis since the Holy Spirit visited him and took away his mind) will ensure you get wrapped up and presented as a gift to the justice system. Your jew is gonna do for you. 
Mark Lewis will turn into Mr. Squeals-on-Wheels once the cops get a hold of him, cops hate smart-arse smarmy lawyers anyway and to have one under the spotlight will be a delicious treat for them. He’s going to fucking ruin you. I’m going to really enjoy that. 
U Ok Hun? Lollers. Is the truth making you realise you’re a fucking retard? 
You’ve been saying this for years you silly cunt! Hahahaha! 
I said similar about Bonehill, Jennings, Turner, Chabloz, Renshaw etc, often for years. The wheels of justice turn slowly, but you're just another Nazi cunt whose time will come. 
Btw. I’m The Nazi Cunt that has made the conditions right to get you put in jail by someone you’ve toadied up to! That’s the bit that will cause you the most grief. 
Total nonsense. Who are you trying to fool? It can only be yourself. 
It is not in my gift to get you banged up, that is in the hands of a self-harming jew that is often confined to a wheelchair (spasticated/spasticised) called Mark Lewis. So. We wait. We wait for him to throw you under the bus. Popcorn, I must buy sme! 
Thank phuq we will have a bit of a rest today. Dr Who innit? Wankfest as the nubile Jamaican twink arrives. Oooh sonic screwdriver. Why do you & Simon Nonce Lindsell live on kiddies sites? Dodgy. 
The retarded asshole, Justin Trudeau does not know how to read anything beyond a fourth-grade level. 
I am Glaswegian, cunt is one of our favourite words. Especially when talking about paedo cunts. 
Alyssa is a fraud who in no way represents women. Scary how many blindly follow the disgusting twat and deem her a hero. Tweets are forever. 
And the cunt will prob be on a bbc talk panel in a few years. Rip kriss kid. 
Send the cunt back to the nation she really represents. 
Have you ever parked a tricycle in an airplane hanger? This filthy whore walks around with a fake fist in her cunt just to stop her colon from falling out due to her love of fucking horses niggers and wack-a-mole machines 
His children will look back one day and wonder why their father was such a fucking pussy. This nigger loving, jew apologist doesn't even realize that he's a modern day liberal faggot in a fake conservative costume. Boomerfags will get tossed in the oven too. In between the termite Jews and the liberal sock puppets that help them. 
-6? Is that all? What kind of Rw pussy site is this? I been here a whole fucken two days and all you dumb fuckers can manage is a minus six? Bunch of faggot Rw queers. If i'm not at triple digit negative numbers by the end of the day I will repost this post that Gab RwNJ's are nothing more than Trump maggots. Lol Hahahahaha 
Faggot 
See, Kerry. IdentityUnknown is just a little faggot jerking off in a basement somewhere. Pathetic. 
Lol now call me a kike! You retards are so unoriginal! "Boomer" lol You're like a spoiled millennial faggot "I only got 29 of the 30 things I wanted for Christmas, wahhhh" 
Fuck Nazis! Obama Did 2008 Follow If You Support America! Im Back 
Fuck off you turbo kike! Didn’t we blast your pedo ass off this platform not too long ago for all your scat porn. Are you ready for part 2? 
Gay anti-american Nazi! I bet you voted for Hillary in the last election, because she promised you all that free Shit! You Are Just Jealous Of How Great We Are At Business! Jews Are Some Of The Best Leaders And BusinessMEN! Don't you know that Ivanka Trump the Genius is jewish? Crazy conspiracy theorist! 
Filthy kike! 
Oh he's back is he? Fuck. I fucking hate yids. And boomers 
See: 'Antonio Gramsci generation gap'. He was a marxist jew. The Generational Divide is 1950's (marxist) agitprop, designed to get us to destroy our own traditional white families and hate one another. If you hate boomers, genX, millennials, genz, etc, you're spreading cultural marxism. 
Oh put a sock in it. You haven't had this cunt posting scat porn all over your group 7 days a week. 
Why do you keep spreading cultural marxism? 
Why do you keep spreading so much autism 
You're the one whining about another gabber. ) Unwittingly comparing porn dealers to your elders, and spreading marxist hatred towards traditional white families. Why do you keep spreading cultural marxism? It is a simple question, that you refuse to answer. 
Your initial assertion is fallacious. It does not follow that if i hate x generation then i am spreading cultural marxism. Im spreading national socialism with their weapons. Now Fuck Off Cunt Chops You Are Dismissed. 
Kek, I remember fighting, desperately, and with every ounce of my strength, to hound that sniveling 56% faggot off of Gab because of his criminal behavior regarding Weev. Vox gives real men like John C. Wright a bad name. 
You are stupid at a level you cant even understand, you won todays dunning kruger award. Hitler first tried that in the 1920's in the beer hall putch and got his arse handed to him, in 1933 he rallied his supporters and got voted into office. Be smart dont be a retard 
Where can I get a shirt like that? I like it because it has the word cunt on it! 
Does he mean nigger and wigger? 
Swedish woman who stopped Afghan man’s deportation on plane faces prosecution 
Stupid liberal Swedish twat who stopped the deportation of an Afghan rapist faces prosecution for her stupidity. 
Moron, everything you shared says Marx and Communism. Nazis were anti Communist. Nazis arrested Socialists, Democratic Socialists, Communists and Anarchists. Communist Russia and Communist Germany were fighting each other? No retard. Communist Bolsheviks and Nazis were enemies. German propaganda, uh recognize the Communist star, they considered Communists their enemy. 
Wtf are you saying? Hitler hated nothing more than Marxism / communism. Are you really this stupid? How do you call people ignorant and then go on to write one of the most retarded thing possible? 
Shut up Nigger whore! Go suck a watermelon! Go cook Massuh some grits Negress! Fuckin sheboon ape! 
Pro Quelle Surprise. The pervert who likes to draw faggot anthro nudies also enjoys satanic sadistic horror. You are disgusting. Go form a gay/ pedo porno group with David Coudreau. You two have a Lot in common. 
Christians of any ilk do Not create or view obscenity in any form. That you portray it in anthro does not justify or disguise your perversion. You are not Christian. You are a pervert. 
Here we go, can't argue so resorts to name calling. This twat is a hypocrit and a twat. You Are Male, I don't care who You identify as, You Are A Male, Get Help. 
I Wonder If This Sicily Part Nigger Blood Billionare Wouldve Whooped Up On Mentally Ill BOLTon And Kelly Who Go Right ALOnG With Starving To Death And Bombing To Death Pretty Yemeni Smart Girls And Smart Boys And Filthy Dirty Kikes Genetic Jews Jewesses In Jerusalem For Now Anyway Purposefully SHOOTInG In The Head Legs Heart Arab Unarmed Children; Yes. Hes A Jewyorksheity Mobster As Is Trump. Smoochi Moochi Had Two Of HIs War Dogs Attack Me At Dollar Tree In Brewer. OnE Of The PLAtES WAs MOOCH1. OTheR AttackS On Me Were At Dollar Tree BANGoR. Dollar Tree IsNT A FRANCHIsE It Is A PRIVAtELY Owned Company. 
They were looking for sand nigger cock to suck 
Boy is this fucking dirtbag nigger traitor obama delusional! The only one that " makes stuff up" is you! I guess i would be pissed if my legacy was going down in flames because of a great patriot. Trump. Now the world knows what kind of a scumbag you are! 
Faggot Jordan Hunt will be using that tongue alot more when he's put in jail. 
If I ever see this cunt in the street or her disgusting offspring I’m taking them out on sight. 
The douche kagan. & the dyke member of La Reza. Sotomeyer. 0dumbos communist plants. I don't recall one outspoken voice from the right when these 2 marxists were nominated. Let alone doxxing and death threats to senators, 
The old witch looks scared did she mess her Depends. What crimes has she committed? Hopefully this Q anon is for real and the dyke goes down along with Hillary. 
Nigger 
Who is this twat, people have a right to vote for who ever they prefer and who is twat to say she is right? Her? / 
Op - Can't spell. Doesn't know proper English Op - Everyone else is the nigger 
Turdicus Being The Nigger Turd He Is In Fact! 
Wrong; the British are consoling the thousands of ruined Children that have been groomed by Paki Lower Iq Rapists, they are biting their Pc tongues, hating themselves, and mourning the loss of pride, honour, and sovereignty. 
Cause he's a nigger, and I guess in Murikaa its perfectly fine if you are a nigger or a liberal to beat and rape women. But go ahead ladies, keep drinking the poop flavored kool-aid. 
Says a fucking limey whose has let his country turn into a Muslim shithole. It seems you have been wearing lipstick your whole life, while slowly your bitch ass Queen and Parliament pedophiles rape your daughters. Hows Brexit going? How many guns do you own? Oh yeah, , , Zero. 
And Don Lemon takes giant nigger dicks up his ass (or is that Anderson) 
Gay Jew Ok. Don'T See The Nigger Part Tho Loll! 
The scumbags on the left and some republican assholes want to screw us with Saudi Arabia over one raghead, pos, alleged, non-American journalist and do nothing about the wetback invaders, fuck them all! 
This post is retarded even by Boomer standards 
Given it's based on actual Gab Nazi replies, wouldn't that make Gab Nazis retarded? 
No. That would make you retarded 
Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch. Stop infighting. We must unite against our foe. 
Some Pagans here on Gab have a little Trouble Understanding that one. I was just Attacked the Day before Yesterday, Right Out of the Blue & without Provocation, or Justification. All i said was Jesus was No Jew, & i was Jumped on like a Nigger on a Bucket of Kfc. 
Fuk off jew 
You're the only Jew here, you Proved it. Fuck You & Die Loser. 
He's like a Retarded Caveman. 
That cunt has been the kiss of death for the last 60 years. 
Just think of all the moronic women who idolized her! 
Kike Cunt Needs To Be>Locked Up! 
>I can handle free speech >But Not That Free Speech ok, retard 
I actually find it more disgusting that the cunt chose the name Elliot. Just call him Juan or Pedro. 
Awww, pussy doesn't want to reply back. You lose, faggot Nutzi 
Yeah well she's another psychotic dyke from San Fran, so. 
Vlad may have been on to something. Im just sayin. Muzzie invaders have been a problem since back in the day, they just dealt with them differently. 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
To answer your question - yes you are a stupid fool. And now I see you are a faggot to boot. Not surprised. 
I don't know howithwhy you became a faggot. Why ask a stranger? Ask an adult you know. It is usually genetic. If scientists can discover the faggot gene(s) then faggots can be aborted and eventually the faggot problem will be eliminated. 
I quit using the word Faggot in seventh Grade Billy Boy, Billy quit being a Jew 
Are you proud you became a faggot in 7th grade? It is either faggot (elegant metaphor) or homosexual (in polite circles. "Gay" is kike newspeak designed to confuse the masses. Rescue terms from the memory hole! 
Billy Boy is Boring, Billy knows only one word, maybe 2. Kike and Faggot. Feel sorry for Billy peeps 
Looks like some faggot is out there trying to earn their rainbow star. Dont worry, ol Bu's got you covered. Here ya go. You deserve it. 
I don't always quote a repost of my own reply, but when i do it's just so jewfags know i meant it. Somefuckinspicwithabottleofmexicanpiss. Jpg 
What a bunch of retarded apes. 
That is true, mute all you like, you cant accept facts. I am not interested in the white nigger level of "we wuz kangs" shit you are promoting. 
What a brave faggot punk he is, cowards 
""Civil War Alert"s" like this are dumb as fuck. Selling ourselves short here. First respond should be to push pressure on law enforcement and other authorities to do their job and prosecute. Calling for civil war etc is falling for the trap of the Commies. Sadly most patriotic pundits can be pretty retarded like that. 
Isn’t it just as hard to learn to read that nigger bullshit as it is to learn to read actual English? 
That faggot loves black cock 
I'll wish it out loud. I hope that snaggle tooth, nasty ass looking cunt is fucking dead. And I hope it was extremely painful. I may even pray tonight for her to languish in a more vegetative state than normal, then die after she shits herself a few times. 
Bloody hell! Here I am, watching my beloved Leafs against the Capitals. On comes a commercial for Air Transat. The only couple they show? A bloody Nigger with this White, blue-eyed blonde bitch. I am sick of this racism, this attempt at. 
Brett Kavanaugh is a fucking faggot. He for "spanked" real good at his frat house. They took turns pounding his butt until he cried. 
Hay special ed why ask a question or make a statement. Then answer it that's retarded tranny b 
There are reasons (medical etc) that make it impossible to have a child, I can think of no reason to ever fuck a nigger 
This Erdogan cunt is the ultimate scum of the earth, even worse the Maxime Waters. The piece of sheit is out to set Turkey back 150 years, undoing the ground breaking work Ataturk did. You know the Greek chap who introduced women voting (for instance) around 1925 in Turkey even before it was even conceived in the rest of Europe. 
The last time i looked Britain was a christian country. Not a half-way house for every cunt who think they have "human rights". Fuck off back to where yous came from you no-good sponging bastards. 
British zionists Paid off governments 
If they want "human rights" how about they start acting human? 
That ship sailed long ago. Its damage limitation now? 
Shame that ship didn't take them all back to Africa or M. E! 
Bomber and a parachute each. 
There is nothing wrong with being racist. I personally welcome Cnn to the fold, we can talk about how much we hate niggers and 'tokenism' together! 
Maybe when you're done high-fiving yourself like a leftist retard you might tell me precisely what you disagree with. If you have a valid point certainly then you can tell me what it is. 
If Robert Deniro's mud kids look retarded and wrong, imagine what Johnny Rotten with Aids and his Predator looking negress have to offer genetically. Ya really want that to spawn? Lol 
Just letting and the rest of the lefties know, im getting sick of this shit. I just looked up black hole coffee shop, to see if it was in Dallas. Lucky for this cunt its in Houston. Was gonna put on a Cruz shit and see if I could catch him for a talk. Knuckle hugs for this motherfucker. 
It matters, you fucking retard because you put your vote in the ballot and felt satisfied that you did all you could by voting your way out of a genocide. Well we don't want people feeling fake satisfaction, we want to increase the social pressure needed for a radical change and that means destroying the illusion of participation. 
Based nigger telling the truth. Color me surprised. ) 
If your goal is to influence opinion face to face, you talk to people about what they are ready to hear, in a way that creates credibility and lets them grow into ideas. So if you go full retard and "Name the Jew" when they would have heard everything if you said "globalist" interchangably, you are being selfish. 
Pretty sure she violated a state statute. But hey these politicians get to break the law all they want. We can get charged for statutes that haven't been used in decades for politically motivated reasons and nobody says a fucking thing meanwhile this nigger is burning her state flag whilst trying to run for the governorship of that same state. What the literal fuck. Why are we allowing this to happen and not revolting? 
Nigger you don't get to decide what free speech is, you're as bad as those scumcuck commie liberals. Go eat shit until you die from infection. 
True White Nigger - delete your account and run along and fellate your rabbi. 
The more I read those muzzie bad posts the more I realize that people have no point, no intentions, no plan, no nothing 
I was banned from Twitter for calling retarded people retarded. I think I'm in love with you 
You think spamming my email is trolling? Stupid faggot with 4 swipes to the right everything was gone. Again you are a failure if you thing that's trolling. 
Really ) I pwn you faggot bitch ) 
I hear alot of crying from nazi faggot Adrian. ) 
You retarded cuck. How does it feel now that your butt buddy Marty is gone? 
Because is in his dreams, and under his skin permeating every fiber of his being. If you were on fire I'd throw gas on you then call the Fire Dept to report a 5 alarm fire across town. You got owned you faggot moneygrubbing cunt. 
What about women who supported Kavanaugh? C'mon, you gutless harlot. You know you want some man-jawed dyke dressed like a Nazi to nail your nipples to a table and sodomize you in the ass with a spiked strap on. I mean, I'll only do it if I can seal you in my storm cellar and drop zyklon B in as 'aftercare', but I know it's true. 
Reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
Pagans and Christians must forget past transgression and work togather to get rid of (them) and Muzzies off Europe only when the dust settles Then you can go at each other's throat case closed. 
Why? 
Because the pagans can't even share gab with us without a huge amount of faggotry taking place. 
I hate to go all Naxalt but I definitely know exceptions and I have to wonder which one is the exception? It is possible this is a squeaky wheel situation but I agree that seems unlikely. I will say I'm often amused that they assume they are numerically Superior and have the wherewithal to dictate who's in and who's out? 
I get it. And I also know exceptions, but I can't be bothered with it. It's like being a national socialist and also playing tennis. It's irrelevant. I don't need national socialist tennis players either. 
I do hear you. But guys like and give me hope. 
Yep the exceptions are very small though unfortunately. I know is a good one. And I'm sure there are others. Just hating on Christians in total is stupid. 
The unwillingness to acknowledge Fashy Christians at all and the historical dishonesty is disheartening. I said to someone not too long ago if you want to hate on Christianity is it too much to ask you do so on the facts? E. G. Pretending as if Christianity were always as it is today? 
Theres no such thing as a fash christian, its a universalist religion You christcucks are thicker then a pile of rocks 
The fact that this retarded comment got 3 upvotes means that 3 people in here need to strongly consider suicide. 
Why do beta leftist faggot cucks think "hypocrite" is synonymous with "checkmate"? Cringe. 
What a faggot normie try hard. Ohh they got to be wojack's empty brother hey? Who the fuck made you big boss? Whats a nazi meme video? Fucken feminist vegan dope fiend Hitler Fapping to a sand nigger nazi banging Eva? Fuck outta here globalist pig dog. Go back to reddit. 
"I do not know what type of Christ you serve or what type of Christianity you participate in, but my God is not the commercial panzy god you see peddled in these panzy commercial churches! A reckoning is coming! Wake up sheeples! " Serve the King of Kings and Lord of Lords! " 
Fuck Christ 
Yet you spam the comment sections religiously with your vile. Get our of here lol 
I post by hand. You run a followbot and an upvote bot, both abuses of Gab's Tos. 
You are still a spammer 
If I were a spammer I'd be long gone. 
Yeah, because you live in comic books and fight for your worthless drivel 
No, because a spammer who isn't a friend of the admins would not be tolerated. I mean they banned Onewaydotcom just for posting a video! 
Ummm, I am sure their priorities are set upon the tranny and child porn to name a few. Bible traffic I am sure is dead last on the list genius 
I am suggesting that You stop spamming willingly. Though of course your spam Should be stopped, but we all know there are no mods. 
Well, I suggest you quit throwing blasphemy at my face and stop defaming @a and his family and I might slow it down a bit or take my social media hiatus which you rudley interupted. 
How did I interrupt you if you were on hiatus, dummy? 
You keep tagging me in your retarded posts. So you want a fight and I give it to you. So keep it up 
If you were on hiatus you never would have seen my tags, retard. 
Hopefully she meant "the time for civilization is over" bonus typo on Drudge: "civlity" ) "dang, she be all up in my civlity! " 
So, Soros never collaborated with the Nazis? It is all a lie? 
Pull your head out of your ass. Hitler was a puppet The Nazis were created by the same people who created communism. They were evil scum and useful idiots who served a purpose for their masters. Just like Antifa does today. Get over it. 
So, the same people created Hitler to kill their fellow Communists? 
Ah yes, the aged 'it was a chess game' argument. Uh huh. 
Dick head versus dick head. So far the score is one to one. Will either of them last until the final round? Stay tuned. 
If we’re dick heads, you’re a pussy. 
Are you coming on to me? 
In your gay dreams. 
You are gay? Remember what I do to faggots in here? 
Actually you do nothing to gays in Gab. So pipe down Canuck. 
Ah, you wish to join the faggot? 
Come back and talk when you Canuckistanians get rid of your retarded asshole leader, Justin Trudeau. 
I will indeed. 
Dylann Roof caused our Civil War monuments to come down even though he was an Aspie, by definition a sociopath, and too socially retarded to truly understand Any kind of politics. Their psychiatrists should be telling every damn one of them to stay away from politics. Why aren't Aspies banned from firearms? 
David Hogue is obviously a fucking prick, yes I believe a retarded women was raped 40 years ago and waited for this very opportune moment to confront her accuser. Now I'm pissing my pants at the thought, incredulously as it may seem that there is no evidence, that the accused is deemed innocent. How could that happen. 
More specifically, it's full of Blacks. Why would any White person choose to be around Blacks unless they have been conditioned to believe that race doesn't matter? I can guarantee race matters to the Nigger rapists who took turns penetrating her White vagina. It mattered to them very much. 
Anyone falling for the jewish hoax? Yes? Then you are a retarded moron. 
What a fucking retarded statement. They really think they can change natural order. 
Kangaroo dick sucking aussie hippy faggot 
Real tough cunt 
Needs raped 
MAGAlike a dick in the face to retarded liberals. Yeah. Just like that 
Now has the cunt may the prat got the message now the eu Nazie leader s as drop breixt in November now fucking walk away or fuck ing sake that prat may she fucking loser we want out no fucking deal s with eu she that fuck ing dum 
It's soros. If you don't know that, you are just a shill for the muzzies. 
Look, this whole shtick that Soros is a Nazi that hates white people is retarded and needs to stop. He identifies as Jewish first and has said so many times. Adl defends him also and says attacks against him are antisemitic. Source of pic: 
Thats p/c for nasty cunt! 
I would not stop for a nigger or a Latino, but I'd stop for an injured animal every time. That should tell you that there are millions of people who consider the low Iq Beaner and Niggah lower than most animals. 
There should be a test that if you turn into a nigger by having weed, you will be executed. 
A tiny example of why I hate the rat faced swarthy skinned nation wrecking lying ass kikes so goddamn much. Funny, I didn't used to. I was a normie. Then I noticed Uncle A was right, especially in Mein Kampf Vol 1 Chapter 2. 
I hate that jew bitch, excuse my french. She’s in denial about her ppl & she tries to claim she’s white. She’s a product of race mixing. She says she’s pro-white, but then won’t acknowledge what her ppl have done. She doesn’t even know abt the history of her own ppl. It’s disgusting what the jews have done to their own. They’ve sacrificed their own to kill whites. 
I've dealt with that Steven Van Zandt looking ass kikeress since 2016 Twitter when she was shilling for fuckin' Ted Cruz and us "Trumpists" then were on the warpath. She's a shiesty conniving cunt that deserves all the video game related scenarios I can think of. 
Might have been a nigger. Arizona isn't nigger free anymore. 
So what if their faggot ass population is (small? Those filthy kikes control the Media, Hollywood, Academia, the banks, and the U. S. Government! Plus, they're the ones that bring the Muzzies in. Kikes are evil and deserve to be thrown into volcanoes. 
A lot of Jews are hiding in closets all over, because they're the biggest faggots in the world! 
. @Intellgncisnotregurgtaton Further more, I could care less for your left/right politics! If Ur an asshole, ur going 2 get called out! There is No debate when Ur only focus is "kill the jews", "white power", etc. That is fucking retarded u fucking moron & nobody wants to hear it anymore! 
Rachel & Christina should wallow in their commiseration with John Lennon's "Woman is the nigger of the world" 
Nobody Listened to her. She's burned out. That's all. It's time for fresh blood in that position. She became Trump for two years, and now she needs to step away. It's exhausting to do what He does. Government officials must know when they're done. She knows it's time to stop. And. She credits Jared Kushner for much of her success. He crafted Trump's election strategy and Middle Eastern strategy. Kushner is another Trump. Note that Haley's resignation came as a total surprise. There were no leaks. "The leaks are real; the news is fake. " Nothing Real ever leaks. 
Keep sucking on Kushner's jewish zionist cock you dumb faggot neocon prick. 
How do you know Alice is a whore? 
You are a retard. 
My Iq is so far above your own. Peasant. 
That fucks you in the ass. 
Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
Hey Where are you today? The poll I did for your benefit isn't benefiting you very well. 91% white people on Gab so far. Just like I told you, the vast majority here are white. Agreed now? ) 
Yeah and American naturally. Gab is wrongly seen as a Far Right site because of these racist twats. Hardly the place to attract blacks, Asians and Jews is it. But evidently I had to "prove" that to him. So I bloody have lol 
It may have a lot of Neo-Nazis on board, however, is free speech a far-right thing? I don't think so. 
You have to be born here or go through nationalisation you fooking waste of carbon atoms. 
So if you moved to China, you would magically become Chinese? If you moved to Nigeria, you would immediately transform into a Nigerian? An interesting hypothesis. Are you able to postulate a potential mechanism for this alchemy? 
Are you fooking mental. Already made you look a twat the other day and you're back for more. I said you have to be Born in Britain or go through the nationalisation process. Not just turn up at Heathrow airport dickhead lol 
So if an African with a full term pregnancy takes a flight into London and gives birth in an Nhs hospital an hour later that child is now British? This is a fascinating worldview you have. 
With British parents. Like the black girl I see. She is as British as me, despite what the racist twats here say ) 
She's just a nigger with British documents, unless you believe in Cheddar Mang. 
Don t bother Cunt 
Steve And Everyone Else Who Hates This "Free Speech" Platform - Take Your Complaints Up With The SUpREMe Court. I Am Not TheM. I Do Not Defend, Like Or OTheRWISE Promote Tranny POrN Or Any Kind Of POrN, Personal Attacks, Or OTheRWISE, So Shut The Fuck Up With Your "Accusations. " If You Are So Unhappy With Gab, Get The Fuck OfF Gab. Go Back To The Twat Bird Or PEDoBOOK Where TheY Promote PEDoPHILIA, Murder, I DoN'T CAre What Else, I Am DoNE With Your Harassment Of Me Over Your Bullshit. I Was Being Civil, But I Am DoNE. And You Won'T Be Posting Any Sick Pix In My Content BeCAUSE You Are Muted. I Will Mute You All And CONTInUE To Do So BeCAUSE Here, At Least I Have FreeDoM Of ASSoCIAtION So Fuck The Fuck OfF. Buhbye. 
That god is such a cunt, fucking with our environment, he gone and changed the climate 
Oh, the countdown to some little cunt to bring up fucking someones mum 
She apologized for calling a guy who tried to rape and rob her, nigger in testimony to the district attorney 18 yrs ago. What fucking planet are we on. 
The D stands for Deutscher you mamzer retard lmao 
Nigger fears 
She's twat of the highest order i don't know about you Rev but i wish these sjw's would just piss off they are the most racist cunt's i've ever seen what a bunch of self entitled little kid's 
Every time I see a four-eyed, pink-haired loud-mouthed commie Korean cunt I thank God for white women. 
Lol, we're talking about Ci's, thicker then even regular christians. Ci's are some of the most retarded idiots on the planet, all they do is lie & bullshit, thats their entire strategy after their entire evidence for Ci got nuked & Rekt! In the Cq They got Rekt! So hard, they dont even admit theyre christian identerians anymore, top kek. 
I do believe that you'll find that those miserable, Jew-led faggots aren't in our camp. This is more like comparing soy milk to whole milk. One calls itself milk, but really it's a cheap substitute that isn't really all that good for you. 
Yo, Bro, . Ease up on the faggot stuff. 
Pompeo is no better than Tillerson, still forcing Obama's militant faggot agenda on the other nations. 
- "Openly celebrating homosexual 'pride' month and flying [faggot] rainbow flags at Us embassies around the world- Pompeos State Department has been haranguing governments worldwide to embrace the 'Lgbt movement'. " 
The one thing that was driving me nuts was being targeted with fairy gay faggot tranny porn. Thankfully, that has stopped. 
Gab Nazi: "Jews control the world" Me: Actually Jews only represent 0. 2% of the world's population and besides. Muslims make up 24% of the population. Do Jews control them too? Gab Nazi: ". Kike! " 
I believe in fighting all the filthy despicable askeNAZI Jews also! But I look at Facts which is something a Retard such as yourself has no Clue! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
I hate this nigger bitch so much. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
"Kṣatriyas perhaps are allowed to consume meat, but brahmacārīs, gṛihasthas, or sannyāsīs! " These are all different categories, retard. It's like saying "married men, baseball, vegetables and time. " Compare varnas to varnas and ashramas to ashramas, nigger. 
Yes, Prabhupāda said that kṣatriyas are in some cases allowed to consume meat. You are one seriously retarded motherfucker, . I wish you all the worst. Fuck you and all your degenerate ancestors! 
When he's not busy sucking nigger toes. 
You're a faggot boomer. 
As if that faggot has a a kid. 
Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew! 
I assume the " D C " stands for Dickhead Cunt? Ya mom says high 
It's Fetal-Alcohol Harry Potter. He wants to resist us. 
This is the whitest nigger I've everseen. 
Oppressed woman caustic femininity 
I would accidentally give her an elbow to the mouth while trying to get away. 
Cunt punt 
So my Twitter account has been suspended No explanation. I suppose some twat has been offended 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man 
Yeah he is a retard 
Those ladies are in for a big shock, Glenn didn't get shot, the one who was supposed to shoot him got shot by Glenn's son. The cunt lives on. 
Good times. I was there watching it all. I remember how the networks removed part of the video showing the cops beating the shit out of him. They carefully made certain the portion showing the Nigger attacking the cops was never shown on television. 
No. He's trump's nigger in the woodpile 
Deranged faggot pretending to be a woman takes to Twitter to speak for women on the vote for 
I don’t recall this jew cunt speaking out about Christian church shootings. 
American dream? More like a nigger nightmare 
Degenerate faggot 
1) Total smear job against the Saudis, and I'm betting it has Everything to do with the new regime's relationship with Trump. The intent is to stir up the leftist hornet's nest - watch, there's a shitstorm coming as they remember the 9/11 terrorists were Saudis. But - Uh-oh! They were also Muslims! We can't be Islamophobic! What's a progressive retard to do! 
It's really super that were at a stage of the game where faggot men can physically attack women & the cops don't want to mess with it. It's really odd how the group that pretends to be all about girl power & protecting women suddenly stop doing that if you don't agree with them. "A police car arrived, five to ten minutes later. The policemen rolled down their window but did not exit their vehicle. I approached them and told them I was just assaulted and explained the situation. I showed them the video. They replied, What do you want us to do about it. 
I got a pussy pass though. Tbh- the right (as much as we're all about trad & gender roles) need to start using the lefts tactics. The right tries to play a fair game against people who only know how to cheat & it's fucking us. 
Hope she files assault charges! 
Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away, , scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? Or the fact i made u bow down twice. Kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
Nigger 
So are you just a retard or a troll? 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
I already told before, I don't believe you are a White man, and ask any woman on here if I don't respect and treat them with dignity, so go suck a nigger dick kike 
When Ben Sasse finally spoke up, he said Trump should've nominated a woman. What a faggot 
Should've nominated someone who has a vagina. Vaginas are proven to give people strong, political acuity and qualifications. 
! 
Welcome. Be warned there are some sparkle faggot Nazi's. Either way we welcome all speech except the kill Jews and others people for no reason kinda shit. 
Well fuck me silly. Just out of jail. Minor shit Listen people I’m a biker from hell. A shout out. We must start breaking bones everywhere. Starting with the queer nigger loving soy boy faggots Big one come in pairs the little ones come in bunches I’ll kill all you fuckers. I measure 22 inches from tit to tit and my breath smells like panther shit. I’m a bad mofucker 
Fuck off retard 
George Soros and Hillary Clinton have been successful in getting their invading hoard out of the news. Exactly as they planned. With help of course from their privately owned criminally retarded Msm - Marxist State Media. 
Yeah, he wasn't any of those things, but he was an egomaniacal retard who manipulated people into performing mass genocide and started a war that killed millions before his inability to lead caused him to commit suicide like a coward. 
A nigger trying to be subversive by appealing to a nazi's free speech to defend degenerates screaming because their kiddy porn got taken away, imagine my shock 
That's Abby Browne. Orbital level retard at the best of times. 
Another nutcase Muzzie who is probably a victim of inbreeding in her own family. Breast feeding was the original baby bottle given by God all in its original packaging and no refrigeration required. 
>Future generations of communist agitators, race traitors and multi kulti organizers. >Haven't done anything. Retard alert. 
Fuck you Obi Wan. You're a Fag On Dope 
This is the bullshit you are allowed to Dv without being a down voting faggot because you are down voting a Cuck Faggot so go to his page and Down Vote Away! Let's see how many down votes he can get for this "good night white pride" meme! It's at 3 now and I'll be hopefully watching that number climb! Btw I already muted his ass! (Do it in His post and not this one pl & ty ) 
Wow, people on here sure are dumb. I feel that the right is becoming more and more retarded as time goes on 
National Socialists! This is Joker A real Muslim Islamo-Marxist of the ResistingHate set of twats. Famous on Twitter for saying he wants to rape and kill all white women. Feel free to let him know what you think about that. He hides behind a private account here. Why? No-one's going to get him banned. What a coward lol 
I would imagine you aren't married because you have such an insufferable personality. 
Lmfao Really? Says the man that never could explain why people never mixed even though we have had open travel for hundreds of years. Yea keep telling yourself you win because no one else believes it. 
You want your arse slapped on this again? People haven't had open travel globally for 100s of years. It was expensive and took months on ships idiot. Only explorers, merchants and people emigrating did it. Easy cheap travel for the masses only came about with commercial airflight. Why is this so hard for you to grasp? 
Yet somehow people traveled. There were major trade roads and routes that anyone could use. Lol And yes they have been around for 100s of years. You are still conflating modern travel with free travel. 
This is debating with a fooking school kid. Yes, people travelled 100s of years ago as I said. For races to mix and interbreed significantly you need Mass transportation. Tens of millions travelling as we have now. Britain was almost 100% white in Victorian times. Now it's 88%. You lot are panicking that it's going to increase even more. 
Britian Should be 100% white. It's a white country just like all of Europe and the white tribes that make them up. People were traveling in the thousands with armies into different countries while invading but still never race mixed. 
Thousands! You need 10s of millions travelling regularly to get significant race mixing that leads to marriage and kids idiot. If people in the past travelled as you say and race mixing Didn'T happen, why are you so terrified of mass immigration Now? I'm against it, but you lot are terrified of it lol Hatchet blow to the neck ) 
Lmfao Are you kidding me? They didnt mix because they Knew the people in foreign lands weren't like them and immigration is a lie. Why are you allowing people in that dont have the same beliefs or values as you? That is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen. 
Haha Still won't have it. They didn't mix because most people didn't travel to far off exotic lands idiot. 
It is just a fact that people of All races prefer their own race. Most whites select whites. Most blacks select blacks. Most Asians select Asians, etc, etc, etc. It is inborn preference identifiable from infanthood onwards. It is visible in dating apps. It is patently obvious even with neopolitan cities of many races/ethnicities. Like prefers like overwhelmingly. 
Agreed. So no real need to worry about the white race dying out. Stop wasting time on Gab and have more babies lol 
No the fact that we have Jews like you pushing for the genocide of 1 race is something that needs to be worried about. You openly advocate for mixing. You have a monkey as a girlfriend. Mixing races will make the things uniquely different about those races disappear and you are ok with that. It's ok to like all races but you dont have to support the mixing of them. 
Yet again, this is why I make a twat of you so easily lad. You don't actually look at what I say. I do not agree with mass immigration and forced race mixing. I said it a few posts ago. Look! I also said we need to have more babies. I was merely stating the fact that people didn't travel as much in the past so there was less race mixing. Facts are not your mate are they. 
Nigger Iq 
All Western aid should be suspended to Africans until they agree to sterilization after one niglet 
You Carnival Baby Shit Out By A Carnival Infected Crack Cunt 
Absolutely, you retarded anti-science niggerlover. 
She filed for divorced. Apparently, the nigger baby is more important to her. 
Fuck that supreme court retard shit blowing the off of Main Stream Media these days. Well i guess its right though the got it place in it all even tho we are no longer protruding a part in polling on internet unless its Thinking. Boy all these election reflection coming up for where there a new silent majority to trigger leftist 
Dyke probably thought she could go down on the statue! 
Painting with blood from her own menstruation to get attention is so stupidly retarded and disgusting that she should be look for a good psychologist to help her. 
One of the most retarded black retards on two feet. Tell me again how blacks aren't racist. What a sack of shit. 
I remember, about 6 years ago, Mia was around and the most retarded liberal freak's loved her. I never bothered to look into it. All I know is that the university was pushing her. 
Cunt News Network's anchors always look unhappy, never see them smiling nor with anything intelligent to say, just that same dumbed down stupid pasty look on their faces! 
Karen is an ignorant nigger 
Cunt 
Stfu retarded white nigger 
Id Kill To Protect Usa Borders Over Sand Nigger Borders Any Day! Be Advised BeANER People. 
He's right, most you faggot are just pretending. You don't got the balls to do shit and even If you did, the majority of whites would be on the front line, sticking your fat, floppy asses into the short coffins. More of us than you and you salty fucks talk about it offline. You know you aint Shit. Wn is cancer. 
It occurred to me, instead of standing in direct opposition of this tidal wave, how if we got out and pushed. The part that grieves me the most is, the Republicans, who say they want to Conserve America, are the ones who let this sub human trash in for profit. The Dems do it bc they're emotional globohomos. But the repubs love "cheap labor. " 
That's the point I'm trying to make dood. We can't do pistols at dawn, if we don't get them out the dresser first. Which party will hasten the cleansing racial fire that we all agree needs to burn? The middle of the road faggot repubs? Or the childish foolish monkey overloards? You also must accept that any cop that doesn't stand with us, must perrish. 
The Monarchy can now claim reparations as they will have nigger blood. 
The Dems wouldn't say a word if he was involved with a 9-year old girl, either. He's a scumbag Muzzie who Must Not be voted in. 
Martha Stewart's bed partner. She likes the retard look with her men! 
Whatever a Jew accuses someone of they are guilty! Jews are subversive Liars! 
Democrats are just have Jewified minds! They are all brainwashed retarded monkey brains! All Jews and Democrats are human sewage! 
Hey cunt fuck off Trump lover 
There is No connection between the Nigger Lovers In Antifa and the Good Men Of The Kkk. Idiot. 
Famous nigger congress person speaks, in 1995. Yes, she was a democrat. 
Looks more like a black nigger than a man. 
Shut the fuck up, Bradford, you virtue signaling, demoralized, pathetic, son of a bitch. You sound like the sort of guy to give your wife over to a nigger 
Or literally every major chain under the sun? Boycott wendys mcdonalds burger king kfc taco bell fuddruckers mission bbq over the border Dude what other restaurants did I name? Maybe Best Buy Walmart Target Grocery store Sheetz Speedway WaWa fuck it all gas stations. How retarded are you? 
How retarded am I asks the ignorant illiterate who knows nothing about basic grammar. The world still doesn't revolve around you, hillbilly. 
No u And its ironic you insult me as such. You assume Id put effort into someone like you. The world doesnt revolve around me, because I am a part of the world. You're just a retarded twat arguing with an autistic twat. Good luck on the boycott. Ill counter it explicitly to piss you off. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
The distinction between Alt-Lite/Alt-Right is retarded It used to distinguish people who were willing to explicit advocate for white people Then it became that & willing to criticize Jews. Fine. Then you had to obsess over them in every facet of your life. Enough. Associating white identitarianism with Nazism is a huge mistake of thought leadership 
I see you didnt do too well in grammar 101. Good luck, hillbilly bob 
If this is happening now? Mexico's in for a nightmare when this brown-dem-bragade get turned around. Now they created their own civil war. Hatred the only thing that last forever. 
Love certainly doesn't last forever - especially in my case, always some miserable cunt who'll fuck it up. 
Not saying this 2 be a cunt, but white kids need 2 get their shit together especially as the Us becomes more mongrelized They should not be that out of shape/defenseless White men need 2 start being men again Especially young white men who were unfortunately given a bad hand by previous generations who allowed themselves 2 give in 2 the disease of progressivism 
Whites are already conquered. Already niggerized. There is no white culture. White kids and esp white girls are ape shit about nigger culture. White man loses. 
Wow trying to make fun of Europeans, While worshiping a Sand Nigger religon and a Sand Nigger, And Then Lol saying that Italians and greeks aren't White 
Good post. I want to see mandatory meritocracy everywhere. Except cripples. If you are a certified cripple or retard you should maybe get extra help. 
Meritocracy leads to the importation of cheap foreign labor and free trade, cause niggers are better at manual labor at lower prices and chinks can do better electronics, etc, etc. 
A la Black vote. I agree, bankers who rip off society for billions, with the help of the deep state, get paid big time while a nigger with a gram of crack may never see freedom again. 
Why would he argue with you retards? He’s not like you, he doesn’t waste his time. This is why your completely retarded 
Slanted eye whores are a product of nigger dicks during vietnam. 
. It was a jab at you cucked Brits. Anyway, I don't wanna laugh at your misfortunes tbqh. Glad to hear you can still buy plastic knives. 
Well that faggot is super cucked. He even dates Jamaican fatties. 
If that's the case you could ignore me. But you can't. I busted you, spammer, and you deleted every post you ever made. Indeed you've done it several times. You're the most pwned faggot on Gab, hippie. 
What a twat that Al Murray is anyway 
Is she mental pop sing o conner has conveted to pedo women with silly evil name next time you convert make sure it's a object like a pallet or something because you never see a pallet been race to any one or rap or kill children and have woman and girls cunt s cut out so next time mental stars don't 
Sounds to me like you're the one whose expectations regarding electoral politics aren't realistic. It's understandable to have high time preference given the urgency of the situation but it's not reasonable to expect that there's an electoral solution. It's also not reasonable to pretend like all electoral outcomes are the same absent an electoral solution. 
No, I am the one being realistic here. If the Gop wins in November, it will not build the border wall or do anything at all about Antifa violence. Instead, it will do "prison reform" for the Koch brothers and try to push Tax Cuts 2 through the Senate. This is their actual legislative agenda, not the bullshit stunts which are nothing more than campaign rhetoric 
This is pessimistic speculation. All we can do is vote Republican and hope for the best. Suppose there are 100 bad senators and you can replace 1 at a time with a good senator. The 99 would outnumber him, so you would say not to vote. The rest of us would say, vote the 1 in, then 1 more, and some day, if the war hasn't started yet, we'll hit 51 good senators. All we can do. 
I'm not going to argue about it because I think most people have made up their minds and I would rather not have a divisive fight over the Gop. I will just explain my own decision: the Republican legislative agenda has no relationship to what I voted for in 2016 so that is why I don't really care 
Trump claims his agenda is to push The Wall after the midterms and that he only deferred to the cuckservatives one last time because they insisted on that midterm strategy. If your agenda includes The Wall, vote Gop. 
The Wall is nothing but bait on a hook. Wasn't there an election two years ago about the Wall? Why hasn't the Gop Congress felt it necessary to fund the Wall for two years now. Or pass Kate's Law. Or the sanctuary cities bill? Why does it have to wait until After the midterms? Did Tax Cuts 2 have to wait until After the midterms? Banking deregulation? 
Why does it have to be less than two years? Is two years your six million? 
The Gop plays the games all the time. For years, the Gop pretended to oppose Daca in the 2012 and 2014 election cycles. Even Jeff Flake voted against Daca. When Trump became president and Obama was no longer there to veto bills, the focus shifted to how to give amnesty to all these wonderful people 
It's not about the Gop. The Gop opposed Trump. The Wall is a Trump promise that he hasn't quite delivered in a mere Two Years and still regularly promises. It's far too soon to give up. After the midterms we'll see what happens, but something good has no chance of happening unless the Gop wins. 
The Wall is another scam like the Federal Marriage Amendment. It is something the Gop can pretend to run on. What has the Gop actually done with political power for the last 40 years? They've consistently used political power to cut taxes and deregulate big business. That's the agenda which they are tirelessly focused on and always advancing 
Speaking of faggot shit, and the failure of the Gop to stand up against it- can't think of any public action that would attract more recruits for street actions than Blair Cottrell confronting a child groomer in public. Suspect 'Drag Queen Storytime's are deliberately put in libraries to stigmatize disruption. 
Cunt 
Alex Jones Caught with Tranny Porn on his Phone 
Why are you a Faggot too? You degenerate? 
At least she can never squirt spawn out of that filthy cunt of hers. Who the hell would ever fuck her? Puke. 
And ur a faggot troll 
So you're saying I troll faggots? Probably, when they say stupid stuff like this post. 
I agree. I am not really a sports fan. But I like Mma and Boxing. Muzzie and Dindu invasion has wrecked it all. Fedor and St. Pierre and Miocic (even Chael) all have more class than that fucking camel jockey! 
Keeping order on the streets does not require the invocation of that puffed up prat Mussolini. 
Stfu faggot 
I am writing a petition and starting an llc org for the Preservation of Comic Book History which will hopefully and effectively, stop All new changes to any and all comic persona. This way, some kike cocksucker will never be able to make another Aquaman without blonde hair and blue eyes; Superman will never be a nigger; Batman will never be a faggot cocksucker; Batgirl and Wonder woman will never be dykes. Who is with me? 
Strange how no countries with large nigger populations made that list of desirable places to live and work. 
Niggers and Amerindians. 
Wow what a fucking cunt he is. He's no Irishman. 
Well there ya go. "Kike is as Kike does! " 
Faggot 
Garth the faggot ass dick sucker, no thanks, this none singing faggot couldn't whip his way outa a pile of shit! Ps fuck you Garth Brooks you anal licking faggot bitch! 
You're worse than a Jew or a Nigger - you're a white man who is openly advocating White Genocide just because this negro came to Gab to parade his woman's miscegenation. What an evil asshole you are. You are the very definition of neocon or Rhino who is willing to sell out his race because he believes white people are too weak to win on their own merit. We are not, but we are weakened by Boomer bullshitters such as yourself. Believe me, "based" Niggers will not put your interests ahead of their own, which in the end are closely aligned with the Left and the Democrats. If pushed to it and forced to choose they will save their own before they'll lift a hand to save your life or the lives of your children. 
Virtue signalling to prove your "Pussy Correctness" is a fag level move. You have no idea what you are defending, and doing so out of ignorance is a sign of weak character and a parrot mindset. You got my mute, 
Goddamn Filthy Black Nigger Beasts don't belong in White Societies. I'm tired of seeing all these bullshit propaganda photos. They are not us and it's time we rid ourselves of these fucking worthless and destructive parasites. 
You are a niggerloving faggot. 
, , , and are, so far, my favorite accounts on here. If you aren't following these people, you are a retard and can't be my friend. Follow them for excellent political and meta political analysis. Also follow, because he is funny. Lastly, check out when she comes back. Interesting lady. 
I notice you're still a nazi faggot ) 
Twitter is made up of Racist Hateful Bigot Jews and Democrat Pigs! The vile Retarded leftsts are intellectually incapable of forming a complete sentence! The Racist Jews let them wallow in all their Racist Sexist morally degenerate sewage on Twatter! They get to spew their Racist Sexist Retarded bile all day long there! They have no intelligence so they do not find it easy here and run away like the little BigotS they all are! 
Hey Fucktard, a Nationalist is someone who is loyal to their country, which until recently, was a requirement of every country. Do you think we're retarded or can't remember yesterday? Is it okay for Israel to be Nationalists, or are they Nazis too? 
Feel free to cite your source. Did you serve? I’m guessing not by your retarded statement. 
Ahh dear, they always make you have to cite sources when they're the ones making the extraordinary and completely unbelievable statement. This is the internet, you can make anything up about your background mate. So when you make odd claims it brings out the suspicion and then when you try to presume people's backgrounds as a common tactic of shame policing to get people to shut up, that only further deepens the suspicion. I read in your comments that you are interested in the problems in the Us. Are you aware that they are mostly caused by jews, whom fund both major parties, run the big banks and the Federal Reserve, run the anti-white media and advertising complex and infest academia and lobbying? Do you agree with this contention? 
Ah. My dear shit head hater. I actually carried a rifle and a rucksack and body armor with the American Flag on my right shoulder. So, I think I’m a little more qualified to d scribe who was on my left and right than you will ever be. So. Go on back to worshiping your Hitler God. 
Faggot 
. @COUNTRYLIVING101 < This is an account of a total racist moron who has sever mental issues, is a psychopath and actually thinks his posting of a gun on his faggot ass profile page is going to scare people. 
All thanks to that fairy gay faggot Pm, Justine Truedough. 
The Continuing Faggot Hoover, Adulterous, Leacherous Fbi. Will Protect The Global Elitegovcorp Deep State Against All Enemies Foreign And Domestic. Fml 
I had you unfollowed. Now you learn your lesson faggot ) 
Are & Always Have been the Real racists. I lived in Chicago as a child & learned the Hard Way! Met Some Great People. But the Avg Black is obsessed with Race. White boy this, Cracker that. Nigger please. 
She also should be deported, to a muzzie country where she will be useful for at least a little while. 
Trump knows not all Jews are equal. Don't be a Cnn analyst and stereotype people into social groupings, please. There's no reason a surfer can't wear a cowboy hat while surfing And there's no reason a cowboy can't be naked in New York while playing guitar. 
Jews are equally bad 
Whatever. You are a fucking Retard as long as you wear the mask on your profile. You are a bitch until you prove yourself otherwise. What a fucking moron. Have you no respect for a classy avatar? You are a peasant troll to me until you change your avatar. 
"Without the freedom to offend, it ceases to exist. " What a fucking hypocrite faggot. Just banned himself from the most bitchin' spot on the. I love how 'artificial intelligence' learned to police itself. 
I still remember him on New Year's Eve whining about how he can't find a man. This faggot is hilarious. 
Cunt 
Probably some nigger car jacker. Lol 
Its called Gender identity disorder. Which they recently changed to "Gender dysphoria" Because they want to remove the mental illness part. When are people going to wake up and say it like it is instead of placating to these mental patients? Don't muse mentally ill. Why do it with them gender tards? Boys have penises woman have vagina's! Kindergarten 101| 
I walked into the Va a month ago and there were rainbow-draped tables with faggot material and about 10 (faggot/dyke) representatives. Both sides of the hallway, so, it was actually a gauntlet. Everyone walking by was being passively 'interviewed'. I went Tf Off on them. Told them to get their faggot shit Tf out of our hospital. We're here for medical care, not faggot indoctrination. I told them to take their shit down to mental health where it belongs. Guess who was escorted out by the Va Pd? 
I clicked one link that claimed to link to their source material and was instead directed to a kelly bluebook ad. Beforeitsnews is like the online version of weekly world news. I'm just surprised it doesn't print stories about batboy. These credulous retard Qcultists will believe literally anything. 
Since the 1970s feminists have become "political lesbians". It's time for straight men to become "political homos". 
A political homo? I am not becoming a fairy gay faggot for anyone. Thank you very much. 
I don’t fear anything, and my ass is exit-only. Plus, I’ve been married and faithful for almost 17 years - 19 if you include the two years we were engaged. I don’t give a flying f* about fairy gay faggots and what they do. 
Wtf Tired of this fucking redacted Bs Did tax dollars pay these shits? We The People have a right to know 
That fucking cunt didn't give that shit up on her own. Trump breached her ass and took that shit! 
A intenção deles não é enganar o povo, mas sim armar uma situação na qual os institutos d pesquisas possam dizer q "o Retard está crescendo com esta tática", p assim, poder "ganhar" nas urnas d forma à não ficar tão descarado a fraude. 
You'll end up removing half the population and getting 90% of the remaining half killed. When you have a chimpout, you go after the financiers. You know why I think Hitler was a toothless faggot who let his nation down? Because he didn't defang the Rothschild clan when he had a chance. 
Right now you are accusing a person of a crime, slander, that has not committed, I don't know how I got on your fag list. But you can go fuck yourself I said white ppl should not be cared for by blacks. I said Nothing about this company or the nigger in question. I stand by that 
Honestly. I hate them both. A Zionist shill and a faggot bugman 
Of course she did with help from the Bolshevik Christ murdering Jews in congress and senate, also with help from the nigger, spics and Mooslims, all Jew tools 
So they start w a big bank, then all of a sudden shitty nigger banks pop back up like Washington mutual, then they sell Detroit back to niggers w tax payer subsidies, run it into the ground, and it starts all over. Ever weakening the dollar. This is so maddening. 
When it's corrupt western youth with imperialist propaganda, The Imperialists went full retard 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Here is your sand nigger savior 
Yeah. Its funny that You got so triggered by something you saw on the internet that you've been crying like a little cunt about it for Weeks. 
Nigger Kills 2 cops 
Cry some more, Q-tard. 
Good, , she looks retarded anyways, , , lol 
Lol! Gov Scott will laugh in his face. This Sand Nigger is going to lose anyway. DeSantis = Navy Veteran Gillum= Socialist Sand Nigger loser. Vote DeSantis/Nunez! 
There's a word for both and that word is nigger 
There will always be the need for religion. Humanity needs an exemplar, something higher than themselves that they can try to aspire to. What we don't need is clit-cutting infidel-killing skirt-raping building-crashing shitheel raghead religions. 
Fuck off you racist twat 
If I was filming say the next Joe Dirt movie, you know like a comedy spoof making fun of the Trump loving redneck gun toting variety spoof. This would be the exact van I would have Joe Dirt drive. Hilarious! The set directors have done a great job! Well done! 
""Hilarious! "" Brilliant! I'd GoFundMe for that! 
Bs! The fundamental issue is nigger ineptitude! 
Ironically, it will be the cops you call when some nigger shoots your faggot bf when your dope deal goes bad. Maybe they'll know who you are and just decide to Not show up and let you deal with your own worthless shit? We can only hope 
Several magnitudes better than being a low life scum sucking rat fuck rat bastard larcenous murderous Pos fuckin pig though. Off you go now piggy, mind the gap between train and platform. 
Wow! You changed my mind! I don't know how I could have missed that intellectual prowess and literary ingenium! So tell me Jeffwey, how did you get those stretch marks around your mouth? Let me guess: your daddy! You know, if he paid you every time he fucked you, maybe you wouldn't be on welfare? 
No. Garbage. The Deep State put that House Nigger on the throne. Ass hats. 
Looks like the blacks got jealous that the Kavanaugh drama didn't have any "diversity", so their handlers gave them some Bs mental gymnastics to make them feel important again. But niggers do not matter. They will never be important. 
Exactly. The nigger is useless. It does not matter at all. The nigger sucks the very life out of our White culture. 
You had it coming. Fucking nigger loving bitch. Karma 
Faggot 
His name is: Jordan Hunt. (aka. Jordan Cunt) He's a hairdresser in Toronto. 
Motherfucker is toast already! Faggot got shitcanned from his job 
Stunned cunt 
Let's all tell Hulu that making fun of Niggers, Mudslime JIhadis and Mexican pieces of shit is Ok. Dress up as a Moozlum child rapist, a Nigger Gangsta with his white ho, or a Sombrero wearing, lazy drunken Mexifagifornian looking for a green card. Great fun. 
Nobody notices that retard Tom Arnold unless he says something that would get the average person arrested and thrown in Federal Prison. He is still a nobody that I never notice except for his provocative criminal remarks. 
Listening to that faggot scream is like music. 
It's a shame the faggot went back to arguing for amnesty today. 
These ppl give retarded a whole new meaning. 
Dumb Twat 
Yes, is anti-Christian. Unabashedly. We don't turn the other cheek. The meek will inherit Nothing. Embrace your. Eschew all forms of. "Where you see evil, speak out against it. And give No Truce to your enemies. " 
Critical thought. Critical thought is not an attack. By all means go claim injury. Claim injury for your god for all it does you or anyone such great things doesn't it. Such clumsily veiled "prior attacks levied" threats. Just don't be a retard and come up with these new-world xtian boogey men. 
My image? Go fuck yourself, ya optics cucked faggot. I don't need to qualify myself to you, or give a fuck when we get around to throwing fags like you off a fuckin' roof. 
Oh, the no true Scotsman, bullshit. "No real Christian would curse at strangers on Gab. Meek, meek, turn the other cheek, bullshit. " Then, suggest that because I fail your no true scotsman fallacy, I must be a Muzzie or Jew? Are you actually that fucking dumb. 
You come across as an american gasbag redneck xtian, throwing in a bunch of fucks here and there to supposedly make a point. Some people can use any word and have style. You seem to think it covers for all the things you promise, like kicking my ass around. Yet here I am, laughing at your Aztecfobia. 
Aztecphobia? Because I pointed at Aztec cannibalism and suggested it was wrong? You're an utter retarded faggot. 
You are so easy to bait, but bit a meagre catch. So catholic boy, whats next? 
Again, your point is moot. A muzzie is a muzzie. Now again politely cause you use the term Jeeesh move on bitch. Bake some cookies. 
Slipknot is a bunch of leftwing commie faggots 
You're a jew sucking faggot 
Libtards Think This Retard Is A Role Model. Lol 
Who the hell is the raghead and why on earth is she smiling? 
The irony is these people isolate a child for having the ability to quickly perform an crappy maths of forms count, but dont fork out a harvard level physics sum no one could solve, Einstein was thrown from school deemed stupid and uneducate able retarded my ass your looking for children who are uneducateable 
Nigger lover 
Fl-27: New poll shows Democrat Shalala trailing Gop opponent in a district Trump lost by 20 points 
From the perspective of )White( women, the whole feminist project is one giant shit test, and White men have failed. White women will flock to the hijab if White men do not man the fuck up. I've seen a White dyke dump her Gf to marry Mohammed. 
We want an alpha male, to be sure. Not a dickhead, but a confident man. It does not surprise me at all that white women are wandering away from the fags in unicorn onesies and heading to the dark side I watch this all the time. We need our men back! 
Thank God. I am so sick of this fag shit 
Everyone is. You can feel the exhaustion from the left in how to top themselves. 
What are they going to do. Eat babi. Oh wait. They already do that. 
Any thoughts on Salon dot com et al dialing back their pedo acceptance project? I think Globohomo blinked. The Us left outlawed the death penalty, and Tony Blair struck the death penalty from the books as the punishment for treason. Why - because they knew they deserved it. Thus the pedo project. These people are inculcated in a sick cult to assure that traitors are rare. It's how the jewish project which spawned it also operates. 
I think they over played their hand on the pedo shit. Pushed too fast too hard. Maybe waiting for the Millennial generation to be middle age would have been a better plan, get their kids instead. If they have any, because too many older ppl are alive who won't buy into that crap. 
God I hope you are right. I really hope people see that crap coming down the pike because it scares the crap out of me and I don't even have kids. 
Me either. I don't really care what consenting adults do. But you come for the kids and I will chop your fucking head off. 
It's terrible also when you self-analyze why it scares the hell out of you too. It's because I have so little faith in the populace at large. 
This video was enlightening. And terrifying I woke up one day, and everyone was nuts. This might be why 
Here's another completely different group of academics from oxford. 
You people look retarded to everyone on here even some of the Christians have to be shaking their heads at you. You've (decided), a man can only be: 1. Jeebus worshipper 2. Satanist 3. Atheist This is on the level of a Jesus-rode-a-dinosaur-theme-park stupid. I Choose None Of Your Options. I'M Not Playing Your Game. 
The natural order has been disrupted for 2 reasons: 1: is to tax women 2: destroy the natural order by taking away the importance of the nuclear family values and replacing it with state funded "surrogate provider" you've effectively turned women into coalburning nigger factories Feminism is primarily a Jewish invention to destroy western values (hell they don't even deny it) 
Can't get anymore cucked than that. Do they really believe that Jewish Zionists are our allies? That Israel is our friend? How retarded can you be? Not even Canada is our "friend, " yet somehow these complete foreigners are. 
Affirmative Action division reporting in. She's gonna be a three star general some day: Fat Nigger Woman. 
That nigger needs to be 6' Under the gutter. 
Nigger - you kistards need to follow your own advice, before you obsess over heathens. Unseat one jew from power, kristfag. 
Are you saying the retard lawyer wrote that? If so lol. That shit doesn't work on intelligent people. 
Oh. So he can devote all his time to running for the Ag slot Ellison is just a Muzzie 
Here's Your sign. Full Retard 
Further proof that the Left ignores Nature unless it can be used to promote their retarded agenda. 
I'm not fan of Farrakhan, he's just another Muzzie shitbag to me, but if he was White and Christian, they would have suspended him and a bunch of Jews would be on the news shouting "anti-Semitism" and "Nazi. " 
Retard 
What kind of sick cunt purposefully gets pregnant so she can have an abortion? There is no other explanation. 
I take it your taste is in your anus. Thats when another man's penis isn't there you philistine cunt 
To be fair, when I first started posting in the Cq topic I was calling for unity too and was called a Jew, Christcuck and Pasta Nigger for my efforts. Yes, there are assholes in the Christian community here. There are also assholes in the Pagan community though, but a lot of the time they get a pass because "muh race is muh religion". 
There was no fighting in Shelbyville because these retards didn't pick the location. I picked the location and even cancelled that rally in Murfreesboro to avoid even the possibility of engaging with Antifa It was the Alt-Right which always wanted to go to places like Charlottesville, Washington, Dc, Berkeley, Portland, Huntington Beach 
But hey! The brain trust still loves "trigger the lefties". As if they aren't triggered every fucking day, like a White man's alarm clock. With fake friends like that, and legit but naive guys in jail, who needs enemies. E-Celebs, doing the work faggot antifa can't do. 
Being "sexually liberal" is just a push for an excuse to be a slut. Animals at least have the common sense to stick to their own species, while some humans go full blown retard and go to otherwise. 
Real heroes make real sacrifices Real pricks make themselves look like a cunt 
Been with Trump since the escalator 4 years before that actually Idaho Deep Red state check our ballot half the elected positions don't even have a Demoncrap I was a Democrat until the Obamanator smug spit in our face arrogance faggot muslim Pos Red all the way down the ballot doubt that will ever change 
Shaking your fat nigger black monkey asses around is not dancing. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
So tell me, if a nigger comes at you with nothing but a spear, and you have a rifle, do you put down your gun to make the fight more fair? Or do you shoot the bastard and move on? 
Honor should be reserved to duels and those who deserve it Niggers on the other hand deserve only one thing lead. 
Cunt 
A retarded bitch. 
Phaggot 
Nigger 
Someone please find out where that filthy muzrat cunt lives. 
I'll bet most Brits are not aware of this mudslime law that prohibits dogs. As a dog lover myself I want to bring it to the attention of muzzie lovers. May dog killers rot in hell. 
Dumb cunt 
1. Dark mode? Nah? Peasant 2. Next time tag me faggot lol 
A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things. The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy. These are the people teaching your kids. 
Stupid nigger can't see through her own hypocrisy. That's what happens when your Iq is on par with retardation. 
Why are you posting pics of a prairie kike in a Norse paganism group? If you're not a subversive, you're choice of aesthetic is questionable to put it mildly. 
Fuck you Troth breaker. And I'm really assuming you're white when I use that insult. You're probably a Wiccatru faggot or some halfbreed. 
Those lazy bastards wouldn't lift a finger even in forced labor. They'd garb some poor wetback and order him to do the work. Lol 
And u low Iq chimps can't think of a sane & valid reason to explain your inferiority, so you try to spread this lie. Once you moronic niggers look up and realize it's only the White whores that will associate with you, you can know why we Alphas laugh at u chimps. Decent White women want our civility, superiority, and the extra 50 Iq points we have. Fuck off, nigger 
Thugs of the past: Remember Leiba Feldbin aka A. Orlov (1895-1973) who was a bolshevik Nkvd resident in Spain during civil war, killing all sorts of opponents, mostly anarchists. Now imagine to be that retarded enough to name yourself Anarcho-Communist, like @-Gab, sniffing behind others 
This dick head queer hitler brought back the queer movement after more than 100 yrs of being in the closet. Hitler is the reason men are allowed in women’s bathrooms. Queers getting married to each other, adopting child to rape. Its Know wonder hitler commited suicide 
Yes, Nazis are the real Lgbtqp. Gtfo, you faggot 
Retard muted 
Btw idc if you agree with me that you're a bunch of stupid faggot pussies. I only care that I believe it. Caring wtf others think is your job, and how you became such a fag to begin with. I'd think as men going your own way would get that. You being a fag and my telling you so Is my way. 
Damn, that dance with the Nigger and the White blonde ended with the blonde bent over backwards, as if 'submitting' to the Nigger. This shit should be protested in the extreme. 'That's right White bitch, bend over backwards so I can rape your bitch ass! ' is the message one would see in that. 
Fucking cunt. I used to admire her. Fuck swift! 
Jews, the Chosen People of Satan 
Jews Enslaved Black People And Have Caused All The Problems In The World With TheIR Lies! 
No jews the taken over jewdis goat like soro the evil cunt Rothschild family s and rest of the royal family and commie and Nazi infections of death 
There's not even an opening for the eyes, that's ok, the Muzzie wearing that will fall down a flight of stairs or into the river. 
Die Nigger Die! I mean all of them. 
That's in their nigger blood, to kill the White Folk. 
They kill their own kind too and that just might be a good thing because those are the worst of their race. We can rid ourselves of that bad seed through attrition. 
I don't have any hubcaps. I did get some gold chrome slugs, but some nigger scrapped the chrome off thinking it was real gold. 
When does that little faggot turn 18? 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Rich, white, liberals, butt nugget, Amy Schumer says white Nfl players who don't kneel are racists. Oh and she refuses to be in any ads that air during the Super Bowl. Shhh! You hear that? That's Jimmy. He's cracking corn and I don't care. Rofl! 
Schumer is a retard 
Welcome to Gab! You're better off leaving Twitter because Jack is a fairy gay faggot and supports pedophiles being on the platform. 
Probably wasn't the cunt herself but it was more then likely a one of her followers. Whenever anything occurs one needs to ask themselves: who benefits? 
This faggot Nyc leader was arrested last night after harassing the Proud Boys. He was in Charlottesville in August 2017 
I think it's a tranny. 
Looks like she protested at Standing Rock 
They aren't even going to own up to the fact that they produce hateful content? Is it really going to be everyone else but them and they're just victims? Wow, this whole victimhood status really just makes people retarded doesn't it. 
This faggot sympathizes with nazis and calls other people "disgusting". Whatever motherfucker, it feels good to be loathed by the loathsome. 
Obese American & left wing propagandist Michael Moore: "Britain can't leave Europe because without you there is no Europe" What a retard Doesn't realize the Eu is not Europe There will be no Europe if there are no Europeans & as he supports mass 3rd world immigration to Europe he must like the idea of there being no Europe Another "celebrity" who know's fuck all 
Funny how the retarded Moore can't seem to see the difference between Europe and Eu, the Uk is trying to leave a bullshit political union and not trying to leave the continental landmass known as Europe. Maybe Moore became so fat, he absorbed his ears and lost proper hearing, who knows what's going on with that future champion of Nurgle. 
Southwest Airlines passenger removed for calling flight attendant a nigger. I think I just found my new Bff! 
While the flight attendant is definitely a nigger, it is considered highly impolite to bring that obvious fact to everyone's attention. I mean, if someone farts in a ballroom, do you see many people point fingers at the person? 
I agree on this point. I think we should use the word Nigger in some other context to avoid making it personal. Like calling ourselves White NiggerS and demanding our own ethnostate. 
Wow how did that happen? She probably has serious issues with her family. Jebena kurva, sramota. Smh. Nothing worse than a (westernized) kurva. Our tribe is tiny and she chooses to abandon it, pathetic. I hope you dont have kids man, they're gonna hate themselves and their mother and wont be truly accepted by either race. 
The only White females who burn coal with Niggers are those fatass whales with pink hair rejected by White males. They have no other options. They are left with scraping the bottom of the proverbial barrel as it were. 
Well if thats her in his above post shes quite beautiful, but she probably has serious daddy issues. Shes probably a Croatian immigrant who was corrupted by the American brainwashing machine. 
Welp. That explains everything. I bet she lives in La. Cultureless, rootless, no regard for her heritage or people. 100% Npc Thot. I wonder why she insists on bringing eternal shame to her blood and folk? I wonder why she insists on being the center of contempt within her family? Does is give her malicious joy to parade a nigger around her kin? 
You don't live in Toronto, I do. I know Niggers inside-out. 
Oh ive lived in La and a few major cities. Trust me i know all about nigger antics, just got quick-triggered at "Croatian girl" 0-Tribal in half a second. 
Oh, you have lived in La? Then you should know more than I about this. 
Probably do. But once youve lived in La long enough your tolerance for bullshit becomes non existant. It turns you into a sperg, online and Irl 
La? I have no doubt it does. La is Toronto multiplied by 10. 
La is the epicenter of it all. Everytime i see Irl jewish brainwashing. Its beyond disdain these days. I go out of my way to shame coalburners and jew puppets. 
I don't care if some kid is mixed race or not. I only care if their retarded parents can support them without requiring tax dollars. 
Engage Support Limited. The Uk "care" company who pimped out a retarded white woman to the Muslim community with the backing of Manchester Courts. 
Time for all of Us to commit to being American, first and always. All the twat bird, pedobook and gulag actions are election tampering, and I do not believe this situation will be permitted to continue. Just a feeling. 
If you can't say it to be cunt dont post behind my back 
International rapper skinny prison bitches. Love sucking nigger dicks. 
You suck nigger dicks. 
Bbc cunt on Chinese in prison Muslim don't for get they kill Christian s and other religions to for there body parts not just locking up Muslim with out trials some what you did with Tommy Robinson case with look him up for telling the truth with out a trail about you funded by us to but how money in to the greedy globalist 
Well. There is such a thing Called Karma, And In Time And I Pray Soon It Catches Up WItH This CRIMInALD And Treasonous Marxist Cunt And All Who Helped Her. 
You sure have 'nigger' on the brain too much nigger in your ass, and it's overflowing? 
Yeah. If you don't like Gab. Change what you're doing. Follow different people. Force people you don't want following you to Unfollow. Find Groups and Topics you like to find like minded Gabbers. Block paid and mentally retarded trolls. And spend at least one Twitter account playing and share your best bits with us. 
Sure am Faggot and the weirdos in Rome affect you How? I would loot and disband that hellhole in 5 seconds, it's been corrupt for a while there, Walter Cronkite. 
Why any white woman would chose to fuck a nigger is beyond me! As they say. You reap what you sow! Ever notice when you watch The First 48, all the criminals are niggers? Why is that? That's a rhetorical question! 
Another nigger president is unacceptable. Half niggers, too. (One of them) running as a Repub, or anything else, same. Those folks you see in this graphic? They couldn't beat Trump. Not those niggers and kikes and kike-lovers. 
Idiots, How dare they make this suggestion. How can this criminal cunt protect himself this much? 
I'm sure this faggot knows the answer to the question How Many Dicks Fit In Your Ass At The Same Time 
Just a nigger, niggering. 
If a nigger in Great Britain wants to name his child "Adolf Hitler" I'm sure the British government would find that perfectly acceptable - mainly because it would be an insult to Hitler. 
Of course. "" would be beautiful. In Gb 
Ultimately in the fight against Judaism, the Christians will have to drop the Jew on a stick or we will never be rid of (them) 
How many jews did pagans pogrom/exile/deport? You pagans should put your antisemitism where your mouth is. At least with christianity I can teach niggers to hate gays I used the story of the tower of babel to teach a honduran he should speak english in america since more than one language is a curse from god 
Same sand nigger demon 
A Nigger Will Be A Nigger Cal Poly Slo Has Had Young Blonde Women Abducted And Murdered Each Year For At Least 20 YearS! 
Thoses are nigger noses 
This isn't a movie cunt 
I'm not one of those people who blames white girls for dating niggers. It's mostly the fault of the media and the White men who do nothing to help stop it. But part of me does feel joy whenever one of these mudsharks gets killed. Why should any white man have to suffer the humiliation of having to go where a nigger has been before? 
Niggerloving cunts are roadkill 
They also love working dangerous jobs to support their families, which I guess is boring, but what do I know, I'm just a faggot tired of a very specific subset of women who think having been raped is the most important factor about them. Not most women, not most rape victims, but you're welcomed to take offense. 
She's worse than that. Not only is she a porn star and a prostitute, she is a porn producer. She cons chicks into taking nigger dick in the ass, while high on coke, for all the world to see. She isn't happy destroying her own life. She wants to help fuck up other's lives as well. 
Somebody shoot this nigger. That puppy was worth more than this nigger ever will be. Dead or alive. 
For the wealthy elite class in the Uk brexit is All about the economy For the average joe in the street it is All about freedom from tyranny We now know one thing about the loyalty of the wealthy elite, bank rolling the retarded remoaners, it is to the pound note not our nation, Fucking traitors eveyone 
It's what they actually are that really matters, not 'how they see themselves'. Pretending to be a unicorn won't turn you into a unicorn. Pretending not to be retarded won't make you smart. 
It's such a shame it's optional to teach children cursive now, I had learn it again because they forced us to stop using it right after teaching it to us. Also, any car with a manual stick is a nigger repellant. 
Yeah I get a little cranky when "conservatives" refuse to lift a finger to combat political violence against people who post controversial statements to the internet but will assemble the troops cuz some poor nigger got his hat swatted off by some "privileged white guy. " Wictor's the one who sounds like antifa, retard. 
Why is this only at 90k? That lying cunt ford got a million plus in no time. 
Google voice is such a cunt nowadays 
You're a retarded Christian, so I already know this about you, but you have no idea what you're talking about. How do you think these things get started? Is starting a revolutionary army like starting a band? Do you advertise in Craigslist? It starts like rain. Drop. Drop. Drop, drop. Deluge. 
Geller is a jew. The Muslim /Hindu riots started when the British left india. Dividing the country. Calls were eventually put out to form what is now India and Pakistan. Both Muslim and Hindus alike are guilty of heinous crimes against each other. 
The muslims were however the nigger invaders 
Ugly cunt 
Your faggot buddy you follow called me a slut for bringing up how they changed the feed for ppl with Nsfw in it. You have shit taste in retard level friends. 
We have the True Marxist system in Sweden done by the vile filthy Racist Jew Pigs, the human sewage of the World! Send these Retarded Somalis to IsraHELL where they can help with much needed Multiculturalism for the Jews! Obviously we will be hated for this, but it is the least we can do to improve the genetics of the feral beast Jew! 
This cunt came in here and has been shit posting everywhere, they recon its just one guy though 
This clearly explains why our children are No Longer receiving proper education in public school systems. What with retarded assholes with IQs around 35 teaching! Pray For The Next Generation People TheY Are Soooooo Screwed! 
And ever day he been fucking children and his evil cunt wife bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton 
Oh. A cunt 
I am not even a fan of the Beetlejuice nigger but this whole thing pisses on the grave of a true dindu nuffins by suggesting he was a 'Somali' criminal and not just some handicapped American smoke who did cartwheels for Howard Stern Clickbait like this makes the right wing look like retards 
Faggot news union of New York 
You are a useless cunt 
Well, that is some fairy gay faggot shit/ 
Just how stupid can a people be to attack medics? Ebola Chan in on the march, aided by nigs attacking medics. Ebola Chan is Europe's best hope 
Also happens in the Us (and anywhere you have niggers) all the time. I can't tell you how many times I saw pavement apes attack or threaten to kill Ems crews who only showed up trying to help someone who was sick/injured. 
You will never convince a wetback who uses ambulances as free taxies from one part of a city to another that he is not smarter than gringos who would never do that. Fresno had 2 sh1tskins take over 1300 free ambulance rides in one year, that's over 2 trips per day. 
There is no pavement and all the roofs are sheet metal yet all the african niggers have american nigger clothes 
The only way to remedy the jewish problem in the long term is to wake up as many people as possible. A guy going out and killing jews makes it harder to wake normies up. Society as a whole must deal with the jews. And vigilantism will only impede achievement of the societal mass-awakening. If anyone who is woke to the jews can honestly say that upon their initial awakening, that unilateral action did not cross their mind, comment here, and I will call you a liar. We are dealing with the most genocidal, evil, deceptive group of people to ever live, and some people who wake up to their evil just cannot bear the pain that comes with being awake before a critical mass of the population is awake. If you feel like hurting jews, Just Go Out And Name The Jew instead. 
The Roof shooting sent a message to the niggers that people are tired of their shit and will start hitting them back. Nigger mob goes on rampage in Charleston, Roof shoots their enablers dead and they stop chimpin’ in that area. Niggers are basically big dumb animals (though probably more deadly. They only respond to pain and fear 
You're glowing in the dark, faggot. 
>When you hurt a nancy boy's feelings so bad, he strokes out and starts repeating himself like a spastic autismo that he is. 
Looks like a dead heat so far between Reverend and the Makers (I know, me neither) and Major Farley (the Rupert who has no idea of the shit-storm he's whipped up) for "Uk Internet Twat of the Week. " Still it's only Monday. I'm sure some cunt of a politician will roar past them both soon. 
Cunt 
Drug Addict Fucking Thug Hood Rat muslim Evil Criminal 
You think spamming my email is trolling? Stupid faggot with 4 swipes to the right everything was gone. Again you are a failure if you thing that's trolling. 
Really ) I pwn you faggot bitch ) 
Maybe you need to check your notifications, faggot ) 
I hate to be a cunt but I think the Ufc is cruelty to animals. Someone should call Peta to stop these savage attacks of inevitable permanent brain damage. 
Really, the Uk has just released a homicidal, terrorist loving islamically-impaired retard who does just that! The media ia more annoyed about some Royal wearing a dress with a tag on it than the lunacy of releasing a self confessed terrorist! 
Still doesn't change the fact you're a whining weeb who will probably shoot up a school tomorrow because some fat hillbilly put you in your place. Go to Deviantart with your bullshit. 
Just realized you are British I apoloigise, you are retarded 
Many black americans ( too much white blood to be regular africans) are smart, awake and aware of the Jewish question. They just don't like to voice it much, and are cautious who they speak freely with. There are nigger trash ppl in all hues. Some whites make me feel shame. Some POCs I get along with well. It's about reasoning, and critical thinking. 
Faggot 
Faggots. 
Congo bongos are now nigger lickin' good after causing a fire while trying to steal fuel from crashed tanker trucks. 50 are Extra Crispy and 100 aren't done yet. Tnb + flammable liquid = Nigger Kfc 
We Wuz Oil Ty-Coons 
No lefties is remotely liberal as they are all Hateful Bigots! They do not actually comprehend Facts so this will seem to the lefty Retards as hate speech. Orwell said "Truth is Hate to those who Hate the Truth. " That mean to Retarded lefties your truth will appear as Hate! Lefties are completely devoid of intelligence! They function off pure emotional blither. This is a Fact! 
Those will be some ugly retarded babies 
Sure like yer spirit L'yra- from one redneck to another. Give 'em hell 'ole girl. 
Death to the mono race loving and faggot friendly America. You're a virus to any race and nation that loves and cherishes his identity. The only result is to cure a population of that virus through containment and sterilization in fire. That's been the only proven cure for all plagues throughout history. 
Twat on the right Duke of Kent, his birthday, was Royal Colonel of my Regiment. Top Freemason. Someone needs to teach the scruffy cunt how to pin his bling on straight. All those gongs but the only one for any sort of action is Un Cyprus, which we called the Water Skiing Tour. 
He earned his, in a coup against King Idris. 
Criminals the whole lot of ‘em. 
The American Embassy, the new one, is at 33 Nine Elms Lane 33 is a significant number in Scottish Rites Freemasonry. Coincidence? 
Time For The Republic Of Great Britain. 
Stories of nigger brutality against Americans are often. Im sickened at the lack of pure hatred, and lack of punnishment the negro deserves. 
Vox Day is a papist faggot undeserving attention from men. Indifference is warranted. 
Eat my shit cocksucking faggot bitch boy punk. Fuck you bitch 
Whoa, is it just me or does this article tell me that Bette Midler hates niggers? Lmao. Oops. P. S. Hey ginger cunt, don't even compare me to a nigger again. Time to exterminate Hollywood. 
Midler is a nigger loving jew. 
Who the hell is this "we" the retard holding the sign is referring to? 
Bc a few SJWs figured it out & tweeting Antifa followers to block + report us. Had to provide screenshots showing we all look the same & have names formatted Npc[number]. B4 that they were following & RTing us. Not retarded at all! Pity. Awesome community of trolls w lots of instant co-troll followers, likes & RTs til the purge. We could've achieved great things 
3 possibly 4 kikes and they're only 3% of the Us population. Man! Their rape stats are like reading the nigger crime stats: so small a percent of the pop yet commit 80% of the rapes. 
What has happened is no less than complete castration of men who don't understand eating Gmo food laced with estrogen mimickers and the influence of faggot (Jews) and dumb ass cunts who we for some dumb reason gave the right to vote, is pure poisoning of the mind and body. Faggotry Must Stop! 
If someone claims the Us is a Christian nation you are dealing with a retard. The distinctive aspect of the Us relative to England and the rest of Europe at the time is that it was a legally secular republic that definitively disestablished the church from day one. 
That is what utter retards use to argue the Us is Christian. Constitution cuts the legs out from under the church for all time, but 'year of our lord' boilerplate means Derp Derp We Luv JESUs Don't be such a fucking retard 
The church needs to be free of Gov control. To get tax cuts, the Christian Church can’t be political, and can’t discriminate. Lol, That’s the entire point of a religion. The Word commands us to take an active role in politics and discriminate the hell out of everyone in our lives, who we buy goods from, who we work under, everything. 
But Gods chosen can be political, and the state looks the other way. So can Islam. We would be better off if No Church got gov tax cuts than only Christians being Cucked. 
Right you are 
Of course this cuckstian faggot supports the caravan invasion. This Sjw is part of the open-borders org World Relief, a scam organization that uses taxpayer $$ to flood the Usa with Third World immigrant and refugee vermin. His and his bosses emails: MSoerens@wr. Org, SArbeiter@wr. Org, TBreene@wr. Org The Usa shouldn’t be the dumping ground for the Third World’s unwanted garbage 
Matt is looking for more butt fuckers. 
Hey Matt, how many illegals have you taken into your home or given money to? None? /I thought so you hypocritical piece of democratic shit. 
You're delusional, look at the amount of money Dr lying cunt Ford made. You think 1 out of these 4 bitches won't take a chance to get even a quarter of that amount? "What I have continually sought, I have not found; I have found only one upright man among a thousand, but I have not found one upright woman among all of them. " Solomon 
Oy vey! Virtue adequately signaled! What a faggot 
Fucking Commie Cunt 
White men, resist the nigger racism, resist to the death, protect our women 
I Thought So Because No Real PERSoN Can Be So Retarded 
One less nigger in the world, one more nigger in jail, I call it a win. 
Ugly Fuckn Twat 
This octaroon nigger gets more diversity privilege than Ellison & Obama. I found the gay accuser. Here he is. 
I don’t want to use a lot of bad words, but uhm. The dumb leftist cunt shows exactly how the left debates these days. They are not civil even when asked to. 
It just amazes me. The social justice mentallity by calling people names like racist or whatever to justify their actions. Those people are retarded and ill informed. 
Lil faggot 
However I'm inclined to think a Trump win was the best for both sides because if those rapefugees would have acted here the way they act in Paris and Germany, I'm positive that the American people would have stood up and started killing these rapefugees and cunt hiLIARy supporters in the street. Something that I would have participated in. 
You snowflake cunt 
Not gay sorry, , , softcock! 
Are any of you faggot loving, child raping left wing 'activists' boycotting the Demonrat party? It doesn't take much courage to hate someone because he did something you don't approve of, look at me I hate faggots, dykes, niggers and child molesters like you. Now fuck off and die you despicable piece of shit. 
Don’t hold back- tell me how you really feel! Are you one of those inbred Nazi skinheads from Idaho? 
This is my lying cunt face 
Lolicon is not pedophilia, you retard 
In other words a fucking faggot 
Go cry on Twitter you fucking faggot little bitch. 
How can she even begin to make that argument? She can't - that's retarded 
Notice Drake and LeBron in awe of the baby's blue eyes. That is the very definition of racism, since Niggers cannot have blue eyes. The fact both are pleased that Drake's son has blue eyes displays their hatred for their own race, and are therefore glad the ugly dark Nigger eyes have been removed from the child. 
Obozo was Never military, so a civil tribunal would be more suitable. Never could figure out why that Muzzie scum bag was Commander in Chief, since he never served in any military! 
Kill Or Be KillED! 1000 Feral Niggers has the same destructive impact as a 50 megaton Nuke! It is actually worse when we feed them! Radioactivity is not Shit compared to a Nigger Nuke! 
Is the Nrcc deserting a Republican because of a faggot Native American? If you live in Kansas make sure you vote for the Republican not the faggot Native American! She looks about as Native American as Fauxcahontas! Nrcc Cancels $1 Million In Ads In Vulnerable House Seat 
Act like a cunt, get smacked like a cunt - Ye Oldey saying from the Uk 
Jews do open borders! They admit it themselves here hat tip to: 
Good Find. Please Watch and rethink your Nigger outreach stance. Jews and their colored mercenaries will never leave us alone. 
Lol, I like how the elderly are always represented as a photo of an old veteran with medals and then it's like "Either this guy is guilty Or immigrants are, but not both! Now you choose! " It's like a game of retard logic. 
Are you a real life Dickhead with pretendy hurty words, has someone made you cry Lollers 
Who are you dick head? Some other cunt face or Sean's lover 
Yeah Joyce. I know he isn't a Trump fan. He isn't a Clinton fan either. But I look at all his ideas not just that. He is spot on with most, can't help being a twat over Trump lol 
Retarded pleb, haven't you figured out already that if satanism is responsible for all the shit in the world, there's a good side about the story aswell? Every Yang needs a Yin, you fuckin' inbred. And btw, Hitler was a whore of the Zionists 
Literally the most retarded shit I’ve ever heard. Listen nigger stop sending me ur fap pictures. You still love my page faggot. 
Wtf happened to them? Retard pills? 
Like that is going to happen, he is two folds a protected species a demoncrap and a nigger 
Because you can't call Jews racist. Ahhhhhh-hahaha 
, don't be a skinhead redneck you white supremacist! Ethno States aren't allowed anymore in the new world order so stop perpetrating identity politics. 
If Trump was Hitler that thick cunt would still be a Moron! 
A nigger is still a nigger 
Centre-right. Like millions of decent folk ) 
Um! I see a lot of words there, designed to confuse. But when they are all added up the opposite side of the = reads zero. This must be because you can't post a single anti-white post of mine and wish to muddy the waters so you don't look like a twat for the 5th time. Yes! 
Remember what I told you about the tendency of low Iq anti-Whites to engage in incoherent, self-congratulatory, narcissistic rants, while mistakenly believing that this sort of meaningless babble somehow "proves" that their hatred is justitied? You're doing it again. Anti-Whites are comically ignorant - and very slow learners. 
This faggot has the unwarranted sense of vanity like the negreeses he bangs. Shaqueefa puts on a size 4 belly shirt, where it looks like burnt Pillsbury rolls popping out underneath "Beeeich, I luk goood! " Much like his ice cold civic cuckpolitics gets attacked at every angle "Oi mate, I gave you a sound thrashing! " 
"Cor blimey expecting me to actually construct a semi-coherent, empirically-based argument to support my feelz that's just not cricket, old bean! " 
Holy shit, yours was better lol 
Nah jus plain old Faggots. Man I'd love to meet some of these dissafected "rebel" hard men like Jordan Hunt & the above face to Faggot face. 
Why doesn't that low T faggot do the job himself? 
Jew = Retard. What happened to freedom of speech dumb kike? Remember when you kikes used that as an excuse to destroy the obscenity laws in America to sell jew porn? Only A Jew Retard Thinks Censorship Is Freedom Of Speech Now. Make up your dumb kike mind. Either you are for freedom or not, oh, sorry, freedom only for jews to denigrate everyone, got it. Asshole 
Great working dealing with those faggot shills but can i fucking get an answer Why is the Gab Frog gone? 
A leftist trying to meme is like a retarded fish trying to fly. 
I got friends on Discord who already confirmed he was legit. We have really retarded people in our ranks, we should know that by now. 
What 'cha doin' America? Oh. Just waiting to hang the cunt & the muslim nigga' 
Never trust a muzzie. Never give a muzzie a job. 
Iffa nigger does the crime its a life of ease on whitey's dime 
Feinchinese literally torpedoed the Kavanaugh family. This kind of search and destroy politicking needs to stop. Vote The Cunt Out Of OfFICE. Every vote for her is one for satan. She cares nothing for anyone except herself. She's a rotten Chinese spy who's bent on destroying our constitutional republic. She does not Deserve the Us. Looking forward to when this TRAITOROUs Cunt gets her just deserts. 
Those children in London don't you understand the people you March with are demons that fuck you and kill you s and those evil cunt want you to have no life or living or children to carry on the next life Labour and Tory are pedo heaven stop walking with you evil. Mums and dad 
Are you a Nazi? This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab. 
The real question that needs to be asked, is are you pissed. You can say what you want about Nazis, but considering circumstances, then and now, you can see how it comes about! Then you can ask were our Founding Fathers Nazis! 
No, I Am not pissed. The question is are you a Nazi. Wake Upand No, the Usa founding fathers were not Nazi. Also the Usa fought against the lousy Nazis and beat/defeated them. Wake The Fuck Up! 
In your alternative reality the Nazis won Ww Ii. Just like in the demonrats alternative reality Hillary won in 2016. ) Lol! +1 (Neo) 
No they didn't win. The point is, they weren't wrong. The point is, we should have been allies with them. Jesus Neo, the irony here is off the charts. You haven't taken the red pill at all. 
You keep projecting about socialism. You are a lefty aren't you neo. A damn lefty shill. 
No, I use reflection not projection. Wake up! +1 (Neo) 
Nope you are a communist that doesn't have a clue what that is or how loathsome that is. You are not a political player you are just a football. 
You are a retard and a fag. You are a football and our bitchboi. 
This cunt said she didn't Want Civility, remember? They quite literally Asked for this. 
Faggot 
Turnbull was a lying cnt, that pathetic Postal questionnaire about faggot marriage was only supposed to be a benchmark to gauge the Publics response 
This is asinine, you can't "opt-out" of a data mining program like discord, stop using that shit if you value your privacy how the fuck is a privacy advocate advocating discord? This is retarded 
I live in a niggerhood, where every trip to the local grocery store is like a trip to an African jungle, complete with savages dancing around a boiling cauldron waving their spears. They curse out and assault Yt for committing the following "hate crimes": being in front of them in the checkout line, asking them to move their bloated hippo asses when they stand in the middle of an aisle ooking into their sail foams, expecting them to finish their shopping before getting into the checkout line, expecting them to supervise their thieving little sproglets who are running around the store stuffing items under their shirts and getting in peepo's way. A few weeks ago one of them chimped out because she thought the Yt cashier had ripped her off, so she ran around the store walloping White shoppers in the back with her tote bag full of canned goods. Nobody tried to stop her or call the cops. Being accosted and bullied while using the sidewalk is a common occurrence where I live. Niggers have always been virulent racists, even in Africa different tribes take turns killing each other. Now they've been groomed to believe that it's perfectly Ok to assault someone for having White skin, and they know they will get away with it. In other words, they have a bloated sense of entitlement to commit hate crimes and racial attacks, and rules that apply to others don't apply to them. If Yt calls the cops about a racially motivated nigger assault, it's Yt who gets punished for racism, not the nig nog. Whites have to realize that we are already embroiled in a race war with these niggers and their (enablers. Every racial attack by a nigger is a strike by the enemy. 
I hope someone breaks into this "judge's" home and she is defenseless and the police take their usual time responding. Then she will learn what a stupid, dangerous, cunt she is 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Whenever you are ready to make good on your threat, gab me, i'll meet with you! Faggot 
Faggot jew. 
Peter, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
This is fascinating; makes me wonder if I haven't assumed higher Iqs for well-mannered, polite people who were functionally retarded in the past. Also makes sense that there's a large concentration of low Iq's in a place that was originally forcibly colonized by criminals and prostitutes, and that cute-but-stupid people might pass on this misfortune. 
Neither, take your commie ass back to twitter. We patriots are going to fuck you commies up every way possible. The marxists get the bullet this time, faggot bolshevik! Your all gonna burn. 
And you can go suck a dick, faggot commie piece of shit! You followed me, scum bag. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Remember This: The Enemy Is Identified. The Jews own Youtube, Apple, Facebook, Spotify and more, and they banned conservatives. This means the homosexuality, transgenderism, and hatred towards white males and Western civilization, is all directed by Jews. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
The problem is you admitted your first loyalty is to a universalist religion that is one of many factors contributing to white genocide. Your first loyalty is to some Christian nigger rather than our own people. I am guessing you believe Israel to be the "Holy Land" rather than Europe? 
Liberals are now twisted into pretzels, and too retarded to see that they have done the twisting. Frankly, I doubt the Trump people wanted to get involved in this shit at all. What they're doing is preventing the courts from being clogged by ridiculous and pointless shit fights between feminists and trannies. The whole point of title Ix is (or at leas Was) to prevent discrimination against women. But that can't work if there's no such thing as a biological woman. 
Nigger faggot just like ovomit 
Facefuck is nazi central. You do not have the right to say what you think in case some lame cunt gets bent out of shape and reports you for making them cry and scurry off to their safe space. Corralled sheep have more freedom than you have on facefuck. 
Yeah it's possible! It had to be Feinstein or that dyke staff of hers! These people will Lie no matter what! 
Wish that useless nigger would try to kick me. 
Racemixers are one step away from bestiality. White humping a nigger is bestiality by definition (sex with another (sub)species) 
Alright then. I'm critical of police, but supportive of police. There are bad cops, and they get away with being bad for far too long. But they are comparatively few. Though the borough I lived in weren't the most intelligent, they tried and worked under averse conditions. Niggers and guns are not good combinations, and a house very near mine, just after 11: 00 Pm, my wife and I heard why they're not. Before going to bed, we happened to hear on the police radio a disconcerting thing, on the next street over. A black man was going door to door apparently looking for someone. After falling asleep, he found the home he wanted, near ours, a 15 year old black male answered, and was shot 11 times, and another black resident was hit in the leg. That volley of shots woke my wife and I, the next 15 rounds fired were by an occupant of the house at the fleeing attempted murderer. He missed. The sister of the gun shot victim phoned the police, we heard the dispatch, saying she thinks her brother was just shot. She's in a tech school of some sort, she looks articulate and intelligent, so she likely was upset, but that her brother was shot 11 times, her comment was an understatement. The police responded to dispatch that it was probably fireworks, when 1, 296, 415 more calls flooded in about the shooting. Damn, they're going to need to leave the station. An arrest was made and gun confiscated, a somewhat intoxicated neighbor to the home where the shooting occurred ran into an alley behind the house carrying a rifle, the police proudly arrested this innocent man trying to protect his family and property. He'll probably lose his gun, and his right to own guns, because the action of a cop that figured a call saying "her brother was just shot" was just fireworks. The 15 year old miraculously survived, the attempted killer got away in an identified vehicle with Ohio plates, a vigilant neighbor was arrested, kind of like a door prize. Niggers have shot: 1. White woman walking home from her McDonald's Job. 2. Three niggers in the legs. 2A. Nigger that shot #2 gets shot in head, killing him. 3. Man in front of Pizza Shop, killing him. 4. Man on city corner 5 minutes after I pass by, killing him. 5. Man on another corner, killing him. 6. Shoots black woman in leg at corner of #5. 7. While investigating #6, a series of cars are found with bullet holes in them, happened earlier in the day than #6. To tell you the truth, there's too many more to list. Here's one, he was black, a city worker, about to testify about a shooting, I won't list him as a nigger though: In that period of time, encompassing the same area, all within 1. 5 miles of my home, here's the shocking number of cases police shot blacks and whites: Cops - 0 This football show should have featured characters dressed as cops and shot bad blacks, they would be symbolizing the solution to the real problem in this nation. And I kid you not about the list of other shootings to be too long. Blacks are killing blacks and they think it's normal. Of a young black girl killed in a burger joint, one witness said that "They was doing their business", i. E. Drugs, but he was Ok with that. 
The Jew Kike Is 84YRS Old Running For ANOTheR 6YR Term As Senator! Will Be A Fucking 90 If The Cunt Whore Is Re-Elected! 
As a faggot I disavow a faggot calling straight men faggots, it's fucking pathetic. This is not your Aids survivors club meeting, if you can't take the banter fuck off to Twitter. 
Why do good, smart and healthy White girls even consider dating a nigger? Nigger bucks are subhuman and violent beasts. I don’t understand how fathers don’t teach their daughters this. 
This is where I think the Moslems have a point with the whole "Honor killing" thing. 
Actually when you think about it, if Islam were not a religion of smelly low Iq shitholers that demands you have weard beard and dress in pointed sandals and all that shit, it would be the better alternative to Christianity. Muzels keep their women at bay and homos under the hood. Not the worst choice 
Their fag policy is good too. 
It's not necessary to murder the white female in such cases. Instead: Hang the nigger. Abort the mulatto fetus. Give Ect to the mother so she forgets about the whole thing. 
I tell him that the demographic Iq differences are well-established and documented, and he tards out, "Me am asian me smarter then ho ho showed you! " You can be black, and smarter than most whites. You can be asian, and a complete fucking retard. Case in point: Rektspec. 
You're a fucking retard, dude. You literally thought that demographic differences in Iq meant 'Every person of race X is smarter than every person of race Y'. That said, I don't doubt you have a lot of spittle on your mouth. Probably rocking an Iq of 75 and a football helmet whenever you go outside too. 
You've been humiliated, gent. You are, in fact, a rekt spectacle. Maybe that's your whole deal: be a retard punching bag on Gab. Thanks for the laughs. 
Probably some nigger stole a drill and dropped them. 
The result of generations of selective breeding. 
Wrong, David. Darwin was correct. It's the daft "religious science" that is insane, mental, and evil. Christards are suicidal loonies that consider kikes and niggers as "Human Beings". Hahaha! But sick. 
Lol! Perhaps from and idiotic kike mongrel like you! Kikes are niggers. Fyi - your retarded comment on Darwin is absolute Proof you know Nothing about Charles Darwin, or read one word he wrote. Man your deranged Tribe is really losing it. You aren't even competent anymore. 
This idiotic, malicious kike (David) isn't even Trying to do a good job of corralling the goyim onto the krist-tard plantation! It's obvious (David) has never read one word written by poor old sweet-tempered Chuck He's a Lover Not A Fighter Darwin. 
Twain was right! I'll stop wasting my time with an inept retard like you, (Davie. You are going to the Oven! 
Oh my! 
Another White-Hating Kosher Cunt From Georgetown University Shows That "Anti-White" Is Cool. Heres to a dumptruck of Mongreloid Cocks Up Her Ass! Yes. This Is For Real. Link And Image(S) Below 
A retarded liberal from Utah. 
Lol I know right? What kind of retard actually believes in voting xD 
Mother*cker is just part of the nigger vocabulary 
If for some reason I end up flipping out this week for some retarded reason. It's because these new neighbors of mine. All year round it's been nonstop noise, then they blast there god d2mn rap music to 2-3am. I'm this close to yelling to cut it out, or perhaps torching my own house and selling off my property to get away from it. I live out in bfe for a d2mn reason. 
I wish I could talk directly to assholes like Chris Hayes. But Twitter banned me for life. Who writes his tripe? Some former high school honors English feminist twat bag? "The palpable desperation among conservatives. Etc, etc? " 
Well said I urge all brain functioning white to block this cunt. She is fucking Toxic! 
Flat earfers are among the more fascinating sort retard that exists here on gab. 
Trolling 'pro women' stories on my local news website, Dude there are so many. 'women are victims of abuse'. 'women want credit for doing jobs' these articles are endless and fucking retarded I understand why men hate women. I hate women and I am one. I only got love for pro white ladies cuz they are fearless and dont play the victim card 
Most autistic gabber goes to 
What's funny you little racist Negro is I saw some jackass comment you made to someone the other night & I was gong to comment on it but I thought naaa I aint heard shit out of the negro in 9 Months the hell with his ass then I see you posted this shit about me. You're as much of a Nigger as that fucking Obama is & you play the whoa is me race card just like he did. You Pos 
True - but online we are everywhere. U sound like me til last week. Kept thinking people are being retarded via the water/vaccines etc. Then saw this Uri quote/Npc meme. It is purely commie conditioning. Aussies will be sorry when they realise what's going on & that it's their fault. Lefties "need help sleeping". Truth is also insane to Leftists & normies. 
Just a guess but you're muh hammer, muh wodin, nigger style new age spiritism, right? You can still grow your own dick and do better. Advice still stands, like all color of nigger, if you hate them so much get away from them and carry on. You know, like a boomer would be able to figure out. 
Only nigger here is you, son of a rabbi. 
My guess is nigger since no picture 
Like all parasites, (Hollywood) loves to steal then assume the identity of ancient Celtic Christians, because it was alpha male Galatians who kicked the crap out of the 'synagogue of Satan' (Revelation 2: 9) throughout Europe, U. S. , etc. Plus the S. O. S. Hate that those who 'believeth' on Jesus Christ are the 'Chosen People' (Galatians 3: 16) The 'Hillbilly Triangle' (W. Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio) is home to the offspring of "Over-Mountain-Men" Celtic warriors responsible for America's win against the 'synagogue of Satan' financed British. Dick Burnett (Scottish) was from Kentucky and was the original singer of "Constant Sorrow". The voice from O Brother Where Art Thou is Ralph Stanley (Irish. The synagogue of Satan has turned their fury against The Hillbilly Triangle for generations and you can see the result, 3rd world-level poverty, lack of education, food, etc. Most Americans are unfamiliar with the above short history, perhaps that's why they send billions to nations that hate us, rather than to the offspring of Celtic warriors who handed us the freedoms that most Americans take for granted. If you would like to learn more about the above-mentioned history, please read and if you're in a position to help the Appalachian people, please donate to 
Twat did you say? 
That Kike cunt needs to "go away. " 
Thanx fo tha tip faggot 
Do you have a daughter that you can donate to the cause to be raped by a volunteer nigger buck? 
I'd rather slap the taste out of your mouth muzzie shit stain. 
Bet any money this fat, ugly, man-hating cunt will raise her son to be a little faggot. Probably have him on estrogen from the time he's in kindergarten. In the ideal world, we'd prevent people like chlamydiatine ford from procreating. 
Should we be mad at the Allah nigger for doing what comes naturally to him, i. E. , being being a violent low Iq rapist, or should we get mad at the assholes who were responsible for allowing him into the country? 
I thought White men were responsible for all the raping. Ask the hoor feminists. 
Watch it end up being a case of either Kavanaugh derangement syndrome, cultural enrichment, or a combination of both. Still, as a father, I could never imagine doing what this fucking retard did to her two year old for any reason, ever. 
Bring back the Kkk. 
Once ya go black youre tainted pussy for life! 
This is why I no longer post on twitter's echo chamber of idiocracy - the hive of retard SJWs 
Biggest brained strategy: We just need to find out who the good Jews are. Whatever that is supposed to mean. But we just line them up for job interviews under the authority of the Department of Deplorables & find out who doesn’t want to destroy us. Once we figure out who doesn’t want to destroy us, we can destroy ourselves with outbreeding because 
Using in-group tactics to combat hostile rival groups & promoting the further procreation of the group’s best & brightest was literally the core tenet of Hitler’s Germany, you insufferable mongoloid. You’ve been advocating For Nsdap policies for the last hour & are just to stupid to know it because you’re a faggot that would rather cry about Jews than win 
Fuck this nigger moslem put a damn bullet in that nappy head 
What the fuck are you talking about? Do you just make up random bullshit and post like a moron? The west is going down because people like you didn’t have enough children. Stop tryiing to cover up your total failure as a woman and a mother with your retarded rantings. 
Bring it, bitch. My gun is bigger than yours. 
Knowing Blacks Killing Blacks Makes Me Smile U Cunt 
Well, people are retarded creatures of habit. Morning Randy. 
From what I heard wes bellamy is a nigger 
This retard needs a lesson in capitalism. 
A nigger with a Yid name. What could possibly go wrong. 
Will this liberal cunt keep her job. Of course. This is common practice among these (universities) 
She is a no talent liberal retarded cunt 
Van Hollen is one the the retarded politicians from Maryland. 
Hillary Never Got It! That Is Why She Lost! Cunt Clinton Needs To Shut The Fuck Up! 
It never fails to astound me why (so called) Celebs use Politics as a "Look At Me I'M Still Significant, Tool! " If our president decides to get rid of all the retarded people in the U. S. , Baldwin will be the first one to go, followed by Cher, Streep, Swift +++! 
Always been an ugly cunt 
Love to see a nigger bashing the yids, , , , they can't go after a nigger 
Toronto should do this, but not for our homeless - use it for the shit flinging, border hopping nigger guests of Justin Turdeau. Anchor it in the middle of Lake Ontario. They can reuse that giant rubber duck from last year, that way it will be easy to hose down when the freeloaders smear it with shit - or just sink the fucker, problem solved. 
Pedo pos spic 
A long, long time in Prison, Muzzie scum bag! 
Where did you go, transgender? Fag out? 
Says the man that's a kike and has a computer full of gay porn. Maybe you should be off with your tribesmen to rape little boys now. It's clear you cant handle words so you spam. Lmfao 
Oh, I thought you fagged out and unfollowed me Lol 
Aww why do Jews project their feelings and actions onto others? Is it because they dont want to be alone in their degeneracy? How does it feel to know you are the only one that looks for and saves gay porn? 
I hear ya cryin, nazi faggot Lol 
As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you! 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
Not really. I never started a "Neo-Pagan Question" group. Initially I was just saying "lay off the Christians. Their good people. " And was called a kike, pasta nigger and told I wasn't welcome in my own country by neo-pagan degenerates. Fuck you guys, 
Based on your use of grammar perhaps your children are missing out on an education. Go away redneck 
Vote & Re-Post: Who will be the first major western leader to come out of the closet & tell the world their a degenerate faggot? Ireland's street shitter of a prime minister doesn't count because no one outside of Ireland has ever heard of him 
While Mr Mac & Cheese is French, Jizztin TrueDat is a Canadian which makes him pretty homo-erotic by default. Mr Mac & Cheese better start dealing out free handjobs if he wants to compete with TrueDat. 
They are both as bent as a nine bob note antway. 
Trudeau is a crying feminist genderless wussie so my take is him Macron is just a gay and old fart pedo toy 
Even if he never touched a penis Justin Castro is already a faggot. 
Trudeau won't come out, his electoral success hinges on shitlib catladies lusting after him. 
Trudeaus false eyelashes are a giveaway. 
Justin's not gay, his boyfriend is. 
Peoplefriend! 
Both as they announce their love for each other & have a civil partnership. 
Macron, Only because he has no children and married his grandmother. Peas in a pod, Trudeau also looks, acts and speaks like a faggot. 
Macron is definitely gay. Hence he loves older women. 
Lol im not a nigger so im not a ape but can relate to a moli w a gun trying to rape white women 
More footage of the twat Rat-face & the pathetic Police at Speakers' corner; 
Look at this Nigger Logic One dumb Slut Mudshark = All White Women want his monkey dick. Lol 
Oh, is he a Jew niglet? 
Iggies another one who can't resist quoting this. 
Ask for directions? Give me a break nigger 
So as a Christian you admit your parent religion Judaism preaches Jesus is a nigger now in hell boiling in a cauldron of animal excrement. While your brother religion Islam preaches he was the last holy prophet of God sent to the Jews to warn them to change their evil ways? 
Bitch slap the murky cunt 
Lmao they're just inanimate objects not actual kids nigga you're being retarded again 
National socialists fought communists. You boomer retarded have no sense of history. You see the word socialist and think that national socialists are like the commie scum that's taken over America. 
Behead that cunt and be done. 
I would handle it just like you. Guys always accept their daughters being mudsharks and I always tell them that if I had a daughter that was a nigger lover, I’d disown her. They act like you have to love her anyway tho if it’s your daughter. Fuck that, you did the right thing. 
I doubt very seriously his life is ruined. Please tell that communist cunt she is a moron. 
Wow if you follow this loser. You should just end it. Ppl that spread retarded lies are not fit to breathe. Muted biotch! 
When I see ugly retarded leftist like them, that's what I do, I run for my life! 
I'm a transgender Circus Freak! Any hot guys wanna eat my pussy? 
I don't want you anyway, you old stupid faggot 
So I decided I'm pretty much over twitter. I think I'm going to go full retard and drive it till the wheels fall off. 
You never go full retard 
Did This Flat-Earth Guy Has Ran out of Meds And Went Full Retard on CoolHardLogic? 
You are obviously just retarded my dude. If you want to toss aside all help in this fight then that is on you. But if you do then you lose. So have fun losing. 
Wow congrats you cold hearted bitch! I Hope those 27 fetus go to stem cell research and become self aware. After reunion to exact their revenge on their would be mother by putting a hi powered vacuum on her skull to suck her brains out! Mortal Kombat Fatality! 
Burn in hell you retarded moron 
Kill the Eu before (they) kill you & get rid of the stupid twat May; wake up Europe before you put your history to sleep forever. 
Never American ffs little cunt loves his German though. You’d go well in the Republic of Ireland they were Hitler fanboys too in the war. 
They lost then there children came to England to get away from evil like the rest of the worlds run from traitor and run in to the arms of god army not the royal Zionism to hard cunt like my grandad and nan's that was not jews or any other religions just cockney s 
Muslims = Globalists. Muslims must be completely removed from all western countries. The "Prophet" Muhammad was an illiterate cunt that like to tell a lot of big lies. 
Cows are female, you're the faggot with your head in the fence 
Simply another case of "Black Victimization Mentality". She couldn't possibly do anything wrong when there is a problem because she is a Black victim of racism. She used the word Chink which is synonymous with the word Nigger but she doesn't get that. When in doubt play the race card. 
Is the niglet stabbing the faggot before or after the faggot rapes him? 
3 People from Fox News Went Full Retard Or Something? 
Fox only allows retards now, I check in once in a blue moon and Omg, all retards, even Lou sounds retarded. 
The obama romney debate 2012 " get the transcript candy" I thought alright, absolute proof of media collusion real time in front of 60 million people, fox analysis was retarded, have not watched fox since, all Tv news is retarded even is retarded cia mocking bird narrative, check the cameras at rallies, tells you everything. 
Why in the hell are they not kicking that rag head feckless cunt out of our country? 
Lol, 2k will stay retarded and never realize why everyone is playing black ops 4 instead of their piece of shit game 
Need a picture of their pregnant nigger princess 
Legal Jeopardy. This Fukin Cunt has been hung out to dry, and should be in Criminal court already. This is what happens when U have a Keepler elf, that is also compromised. 
Well holy shit. Blackface - which has for my entire life been held up as quintessential huwhite racism - wasn't invented by Whites. It was invented by a Jew. In a movie that was literally about a Jew culturally appropriating jazz. Once again, the fucking Jews transferred the blame for something they did, to us. 
Bye faggot 
*calling* here muzzie, muzzie, muzzie ~~~ People Of A Certain Culture have no respect for women ( their~ commodities) 
Thank God the talk with the eu has faild fucking good job now get out a walk away and let the European union die we vote 2 year s ago and we want fuck all to do with that nazie cunt no more talks we fuck had with then close the fucking boarders and channel tunnel no more bollocks out out out walk walk and walk to American not fucking China 
This is an abolute Insult to the memory of Diana Princess of Wales! Diana was an virginal English Aristocrat when she married in 1981. Meghan is a cheap twice divorced actress from a trailer trash disfunctional family! 
She's also a Nigger 
Like i said assumptions makes a bitch look dumb. You don't fucking know me do not put me in categories. And so the fuck what if i am? Just shows you are a dumb cunt for trying to put people on blast. 
Elections have consequences, but so do actions, that retarded fuck up obama, turned everything he touched into shit. The Only good thing to come out of the black Marxists’ reign of incompetence & crime spree was that he brought Trump into politics, lol, now they’re really screwed. All of the lefts angst and misery can be blamed on the Retaded Megalomaniac Marxist, watch: Payback is a mutherfuckin’ bitch Keyna Boy. 
Fuckin' nigger 
This cunt protects Muslim paedophile gangs likes Antifa and calls me paedo protector. 
Yeah retard that is it Antifa support paedophilic Muslims, you support em so that makes ya a bunch of paedo lovers, i don't normally repeat myself but you're obviously very mentally challenged so it appears the only way to even stand a chance of making you understand how people see you as a kid raping cult lover. 
In. 
It means (short for) Fuck My Nigger Ass. 
Typical fucking nigger antics. 
Dead Faggot With Aids 
Well, well, well, it appears we have a butthurt little faggot who doesn't like wholesome loli's. Their name is and they have their entire profile on private like the little butthurt faggot they are. Don't worry buddy the lolis won't hurt you, much. They just wanna give you hugs and diabetes with their cuteness. 
Private profiles should not be allowed in public. They can play their games behind their closed doors. 
How's that work? Just wondering? 
They could Dm each other. But it wouldn't work because one could make account public to snipe at peoplle and then make it private to hide. 
Speaking of sweet and cute, I give you Strawberry Marshmallow! 
I dont find anything hard you patronising old pervert. But dont comment on shite you dont know you fucking nob jokey. You thick twat! Jewish isnt a race! It's a religion and if you convert and have a child Listen cunt dont comment on anything you no a nothing about you pervert now fuck off 
I dont think so cunt l pointed it out your effort because your ego is bigger than your brain. I was rude but you were you dirty old pervert. You think any of those women would look at you? How much does it cost you! Your word on that pervert fook off old man 
What’s unamerican faggot hvn a different opinion than u? Ur a lefty scag cuz ur behavior n words mimic theirs. Fuck off communist. Essentially u told him stop noticing things when ur the minority the niggers won’t share ur cowardice. See South Africa. 
Stacy Abrams needs her ass beat into the ground. Burn our state flag, threaten to erase our history, racist Af, threatens to take our guns. That bitch needs to die! She's gonna trigger action in this state and she will be target #1. Leave us the fuck alone, you Gd feral she-boon dyke from hell! 
"Unread negro" = nigger 
Who is Matthew Bracken? Never heard of the guy. And I must be going to a different cucked boomer retard day support group. 
"ya, no" is my favorite from retard npcs like this. 
You've got no business being a cunt if you fiddle kids bums and your mum is the size of the Millennium Dome daft cunt 
Why is that cunt swifts face all over the shop? 
Imagine being this dumb cunt 
Fuck that faggot Jew 
Jewmer is a faggot Jew. Prove me wrong. 
Got a new for all you peeps today: , all of its credit cards. Recent commercial shows an ε-level male kissing his nigger whore oildriller gf on the jumbotron at a basketball game. Apparently, he proposed to her in the script, which would constitute bestiality. Do you want a credit card that advocates the destruction of our race? Hope not- 
He sounds like a Muzzie Imam talking about killing the infidels. 
Catholics, Semites And Muslims Are All Ragheads! All Are The Enemy Of Caucasians! 
Reeeeeeee! "My 15 yr old high schooler just came home with this bullsh! T. In South Carolina. This ain't California - this is the Bible belt & Mama Ain'T Happy. " Reeeeeeee! 
This won't stop until the teachers and admins Hang. 
Lol, at fatass rednecks always wanting to hang somebody. Hollywood is right to make fun of you. 
Just another leftist libtard trying to get attention. Hollywood has been trying to program people for more than a hundred years now and people still see through it. Go suck your mother's cock. 
Lol hillbillies and their lynching fetish. 
That's right. I'll Lynch a mother fucker at the drop of a hat. Just doing what the Democrats made fashionable. It's okay for thee but not for me? 
All my rope is currently in use. Your mom borrowed it so she could tie down the dog. He doesnt like to have his asshole licked. 
That’s the level of dialogue people expect from a redneck. Congratulations on living the stereotype. 
You should try connecting with someone psychologically before you insult them. Insults only work if there's a grain of truth to it. Try calling me a fat fuck or say something derogatory about my mother. Those are the kinds of things that connect with people. If I was a redneck I would be damn proud of it. 
You should be proud then. You’ve earned it. 
My genes hate nigger genes. ( <: 
This racist genocidal kike cunt still has a job. Care to comment? 
He's such a weasel cunt 
Faggot 
Wow there’s a nigger running for Florida governor and ur not gonna believe this but he’s accusing his opponent of racism can somebody who still has a twitter tell that dumb nigger that there isnt any more racism in America 
I dont gamble im not a runty chink 
"have Failed to Prove that #Q is fake" this fucking nigger has failed to prove that earth isn't a giant bowl of macaroni 
I only call white people niggers. And since I'm white myself, I can't be racist, because racism is power, plus prejudice, plus not being a stupid white nigger who believes in Qspiracies. This is the academic definition. Take it up with Harvard if you got a problem 
When one (white) man questions why he is being forced to go around, a female nigger responds "because I told you to'. Because I Told You To? Time to send the shock troops to Portland Oregon. Rahowa. 
Another Zionist jew cunt that needs to be publicly hung and stoned to death 
They will both pay for this crime. Assuming the nigger doesn't kill her first. 
Wow, that's a lot of locked up energy. Someone needs to take their finger out of the dyke 
Because England is Gone. Bend over for your Muzzie Love, England. Enjoy the multiculturalism at it's Rape Anything finest. 
Maybe. But not forever faggot 
I'm somewhat glad for all this Pa heeb business, I'd almost forgotten what a faggot Chuck Nellis is. 
Faggot 
Ariana Grande is a Jesus Hating, Jew Loving, Faggot Loving Whore for Hollywood. 
She is a nasty filthy slut dog. She should be put in a cage with wild skanky dogs. 
2022: Saying you won't let a faggot diddle your toddler because you're homophobic. 
Lemon calls Kanye "Trumps token negro" How the fuck is this nigger getting away with that? 
Funny cos Lemon is a token black faggot. Why do you think he's even a thing? 
That's token nigger faggot. Lol 
Perhaps if they just learned to leave other people alone and maybe respect the rights of others to speak freely, without having their posts spammed with off-topic and retarded da gasss da ovennssss da holohoaxesss bullshit. 
"Dont worry guys. When we finally rise up here as The Appalachian White Trash Methno-Superstate sponsored by Copenhagen Fine Cut, your puny faggot states will be conquered, Poc enslaved, women raped, and alcohol/gun laws repealed by sensible(and possibly misspelled) legislation" 
I hope this cunt is hanged from a tree 
Faggot Soy Boy Is In A Hell Of A Lot Of Trouble! 
I'd vote for the rapist party over the psycho cunt party 
I think the cracker fag is going to beat the brakes off that nigger later on. 
Bullshit, it's because he was shit at his job. After two years & more than $1m, being left in a position where you're still relying on a third party for complete hosting & where the site could be down for weeks is either retarded or deliberate. Even now the site's still practically unusable. Stop new registrations & visits until you can handle them 
Wigger 
Ohhh, you poor little liberal faggot bitch. Maybe you should go back to twitter. 
Go back to twatter with the rest of the nut jobs. We really don't care how the smelly twat femanazi's, or the wimpy ass soy boys feel, you all couldn't defend your self literal if your lives depended on it. And it just might! 
"plans to colonize Mars were stupid since there are plenty of problems here on earth" Obviously, not only liberal women, but also fence-sitting men make this retarded argument. 
Fuck off & die you ignorant fuck. 
Suck a kike dick faggot 
Our political soldiers need to be more like the original KuKluxKlan from 1866-1876 who locally finished off Reconstruction working with the Democrats as a major political party to where they "won" the peace after Reconstruction was over. They won't be caught dead at these "rallies" where piglice can find them out. 
Furure "Rallies" should be much less than a dozen elderly activists mounting a "peacefool" protest which triggers the left-tards and protected by 100 Zog piglice protecting these burnouts from a thousand antifa. Sorta like Jason Kessler's 2018 UtR Rally. It even had a based nigger like Kikester Rapist or Bryan Reo and a Nyc beaner as well as old whigger 
So when is the nigger leaving? 
How on earth did this stunned Nigger ever get Elected? 
Typical liberal plantation nigger Not good enough to polish the shoes of a black person 
I wonder if they ever look at themselves and realize how fucking retarded they look. 
Uh oh, Gab’s Nazis are mad because I pointed out that they live in the past, are technically retarded and that Nazi deeds are ultimately going to obliterate Germany. 
You won't get many followers. You Jewish worshipping cuck. Fuck off back to Twitter 
"We get eternal Jeebus reach arounds in heaven if we worship the kikes" = Aids 
As before: I see a gaggle of murderers, rapists, thieves, perverts, pedophiles, whores, pimps, pushers, drug addicts, drunks, violent low-life, low I. Q. , parasitic ‘gibsmedat’ dirty smelly black monkey-looking nigger beasts invading white countries with the help of lying, treacherous, nation-wrecking, degenerate jew filth. See the filthy jew? 
Mgtow have plenty of kids, we just refuse to put up with the mental retardation of women, unlike you pussified grovelling to women faggots 
Yes, the mental retardation of a woman, is a stable marriage. Pussified faggot much? 
Lol marrying a woman is for faggots. I can barely hear you from the depths of that closet. 
Yep, grovelling to women, isnt pussified faggotry 
If you're stupid enough, to put up with the mental retardation of a woman, you might just be a retard 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Funny how white people who preach anti-racism don't live in nigger or spic neighborhoods. 
This proves it everything the left touches turns to shit a cripple muslim Dalek dyke does it scream Allah Akbar in a Daleks voice? 
Sinema is a batshit crazy gender bending jihadi cunt 
Faggot 
Fuck off you aussie hippy cunt 
It’s awfully hard to scare a fucking retarded ape. Of course she’s not scared. She’s not mentally equipped to process fear. 
This cunt let them of just like that fuck ing pedo judge in Leeds why one is on the run in Pakistan were he should be sent back here to be but in army prison s and that judge should all so all be but behind bars 
The facts that he lied, the fact that his college friends said he lied, the fact that each and every one of you guys is a fucking retard and have your voter registration cards pulled. 
You must be a faggot 
She's a twat twit 
. This piece of shit >@TruthWillOut <is a fucking and a dis-information working for the assholes in! There is zero evidence to substantiate that this many germans died. Did some die because they weren't onboard with the 3rd Reich which was 80-90% homosexual? Absolutely not! They were doing most of the killing! 
. Adamelfenbein - That looks like a portrait of your sorry ass cross dressing mother fuckin faggot asshole. 
You're a stupid faggot 
Commie muzzie Linda Sarsour (cockroach translated from Arabic) 
Who Is Going To Do The 'Kicking' You, Faggot Eric Holder? 
Niggers 
Around blacks, not even cats can relax. 
All fucking nigger animal abusers must fucking hang. No loss to good humanity. 
Texas will never go blue again, we remember that drunk cunt Ann Richards. 
. @ISRAEL_DID_911 that is so fucking lame. The word Kike means nothing and is only a reflection of how retarded you dickheads really are! Asshole. 
Lol its ok. He's a cunt 
I am. Ive reported many already, retard 
Tariq is a house nigger on the dem plantation. He's got it good so naturally he stands with his master. Fuck him and the Jew he rode in on. 
Dumb cunt 
You asked why I hate Jews, I told you in great detail why. Instead of even trying to challenge the merits of what I believe, you insult and then mute me. Who's close minded now huh? I hate them for the same reasons I hate non-whites: Their existence negatively impacts mine. I grew up around New Haven Ct, I got my fair share of diversity and multiculturalism. I'm not a bigot "just cuz" and I don't do this to be edgy. There were Hassic Jews in my high school and if they weren't weird as fuck about everything, and if their parents didn't constantly talk shit about white students at Pta meetings, there wouldn't have been a group of white dudes bullying these kike fucks every day. Yea, I thought it was fucked up to be slamming a dude into a locker and stealing his little hat. Looking back, the bastard deserved it. From 8th grade to the day I graduated high school, every classmate that physically bullied me was a nigger or spic. Sure, white classmates would talk shit and sometimes we'd get in fights. I wont deny that I did plenty of bullying and fighting myself, but it was never the uncivilized shit niggers did to white students. You could be minding your own business walking to class and three dindus would ambush you and tell you to run your pockets. If you didn't they'd attack you. You'd go home with a busted lip, mom would ask what happened and then she'd call the school. What got done? Nothing. I'd get to school the next day and get punched for having my mom talk to the principle. I went through this shit and I saw it happening every day for Years. School administrators and teachers never did anything about it. So naturally I had to be my own guardian and imagine my shock when a bunch of us white guys decided to do to the coons what they'd been doing to us. Racism and anti-semitism are natural. Now I see this shit on the internet and in the news every single day. If niggers and kikes don't want to be hated by whitey, they shouldn't go out of their way to fuck with us. 
End it! & any cunt that has any dealing, s with it. = out ta fuck 
Faggot lord 
Bye bye dick, now you’re just another ugly lib cunt that nobody wants to fuck or listen to. No taksie backsies on that wang either. 
Do your part! Take the retarded sheep of the right to a local shelter to get them fixed- Protect The Genepool From Right Wing Retards! 
What Kind of nonsense is this you people are fucking retarded u ppl are morons with your white supremacist boogie Man shit it's pretty clear with the last two years who's really fascistic in this country and it's not the white people. 
Aussie faggot 
Fuck off aussie faggot 
Its this faggot right here because he slipped up the last time and posted with this account. Apparently youve been added to his list. 
Go back to posting cartoon chinks on 4chan you faggot 
Roper is a fucking two-faced, spineless, nutless cunt 
Make nigger wish come true. Send them all back to afreeka. Wakanda is waiting lol. 
He doesn't look like one of "our" blacks, I think he's straight out of the jungle. 
If I had the money I’d gladly buy 747’s to load them in, and fly them there for free, on the condition that they give up their Us citizenship 
Well getting rid of all these dindus would exponentially improve America. Then after a thorough sanitization those trusty 747’s can be used for the illegals and moslems. 
Or is there a twat named Shazia? 
And Jeff Wondered Why He Never Got Invited To THe Family Reunions Or His Friends Parties Ever Again? But At-Least He Has THe Retarded Crime Impulse Driven Child To Look FOrWARD To. 
Yeah I get spammed tranny porn a lot, it makes me laugh tbh. It feels nice knowing that I triggered some faggot 
Yeah but some of the trash is still her like Cyph and faggot boy Jd. Got one Pos trying to do me like they did Gee and Copy My Id and use a Picture of methat they got off of Dijjys Youtube page 
Careey what the fuck are you still doing in our country don t you want to live with your faggot leader in canada stop talking through your ass, and what the fuck are you saying We your not American go fucking home 
Yup. Mexicans go back to Spain where you came from and pay reparations to the natives you killed and put into slavery 
'Rape babies'? 
Just answering another poster. I doubt most of the native women willingly had sex with their conquerors, so yes, rape babies. 
You mean the conquerors who severely outnumbered the Spanish? 
The conquerors were the Spanish. 
You mean the blunderbusses that took forever to load? That required ammo that could not be manufactured in the Americas? "they brought all their diseases and decimated the native population. " Ding ding ding! That is Precisely what killed 95% of the Natives. No doubt the primitive medical technology of the time knew this would happen, right? 
I doubt that the natives even knew what "disease" was, just knew it was killing eveyone. 
Ah, the racist admits the Natives were stupid. 
I didn't say the natives were stupid. They had no knowledge of how diseases were spread. 
Still don't look at Africa. Relatives stealing body's of people who died of Ebola. 
I heard about all that. Especially the Niggers having sex with the corpses of their long-dead wives, which resulted in them becoming diseased. The stupid is frightening. 
Actually Niggers produced the cradle of Western Civilization! Among the first cities. Lower & Upper Egypt. The Old Kingdom. The pyramids - not topped until the late 18th. So niggers got some serious game! Not exactly their fault they've been suffering a 500-year holocaust! 
A nigger by definition can only tear civilization down not build it in any way. Just from this we see the foollishness of calling the Ancient Egyptians "niggers". 
Niggers were Egyptians, yet we have. 
Very happy to have that traitorous ba$tard stay in Islamic London! They deserve each other. 
What happened in America where you went from putting men on the moon to the retarded inbreds that you are today? 
Lying, scheming, communist, cunt should be drug out by her hair and shot. 
Ah yes, that's why Nigger women are very much sought-out by Whites. They are indeed the bottom of the barrel. Did you just admit that you are 'the fucking Man' because you claim to have a White woman? That is one of the most-racist statements I have ever seen. You just admitted that you are not a 'man' without a White woman on your arm. Sad, really. 
Nigger 
Cunt 
Cunt hiLIARy supporters and (soon to be dead) George Soros are all mad because of the big loss they suffered in 2016. This is pay back. 
Oh please enough yet with the pc liberal nigger loving bs! I despise blacks and Imho the world would be a much better place if they all disappeared. 
Muted for being a complete fucktard. If you would wander off into an arctic waste naked and expire from exposure that would aid in the evolution of a better form of man. Thanks in advance. 
Another moronic cunt to mute. 
When the churches can keep their paws off of kids, then they can start talking about moral values. Till then, kindly, f*ck off, padres. 
Hahaha. First the faggot libtards make Irs laws to silence the churches, now they have them corralled in to Ngo's pumping out inflated numbers based on Politics. The exact reason they were silenced by the Irs to begin with. Ps. The good Lord above reminded me the other day, we get to see them all thrown in the lake of fire one day, much sooner than you think! 
One way to find out F==khead! 
Yup. Child. LoL You triggered you Little snowflake? Didn't have to be that way. But offense is always taken. Never given. 
When the Muslims keep their paws off of our children and our schools and our government and the intricate details of Our Lives. Then we won't want to throw them back into the pit of fire they came from anymore. 
When liberals stop sexualizing children, supporting Democrat perverts and supporting Muslim rape and child bride practices, maybe, just maybe we'll start giving a shit what liberals say. 
Right On! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
I'll fight him or his faggot son and I'm old. 
Cunt defines 
5/ That's the problem. Ppl equate "free speech" with "I get to spam you with 5000 gay porn pictures, that's free speech. " That's like the juvenile retard view of it. Way to take a concept of being able to communicate differing ideas in a discussion and turn it into some retard homo contest to see who can purposefully derail a topic or offend people. 
Your posts sound gay, like you're homosexual. 
Execute This Evil Cunt 
You're a fucking moron. No one wants your pedo shit anywhere near this platform. Here's an idea - how about you and all your loli loving faggot friends get the fuck away from the rest of us. 
The interet literally got inocent people killed. This is not a joke. This is not freedom of speech. The internet needs to be decommissioned. Everyone on it is a pedophile/murderer. The internet needs to be decomissioned and all the users need to be imprisioned. See how retarded you sound? 
90% of african slaves in the usa were owned by individual farmers. The mega plantations were owned by christian people. The jews involvement in 99% of ownership ended when the nigger or irishman got off the boat 
An gold star award for being an obedient nigger and support the marxist agenda. But will quickly be taken back if they stray from the plantation 
I'll bet u have to be a Friend of the Mayor, a Chinaman to get that $71K! 
Toronto Against Abortion Attacked by Bull Dyke at Ryerson University 
This has been a fact for a long time. Here is my desciption of a Democrats brain! Democrats are all Retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons. Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place. Most immigrants fall into this category. The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling. They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function. Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet. They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive. All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway. They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction. Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather. They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains! 
Would you like a dick pic miss nazi chick? 
Unban this commie from following you. I want to know when you post new bob and vagene pics. 
Nope. Not for Commies. Ok which is your Nazi account, you are too straight to be a real Communist. 
Sorry to break it to you (miss? Sir), this commie has no back-up nazi account. Now unban him so we can send you some big dick pics, what do you say? 
Wats wrong with being a commie jew? Don't you want that high-iq baby inside your nazi womb? 
People of Ashkenazi Jewish descent are also disproportionately represented among world chess champions (54 percent), [11] National Medal of Science recipients (37 percent), U. S. Nobel Prize winners (29 percent), [9] and Nobel laureates in medicine or physiology (42 percent. [11] 
Name a jewish invention you can lay eyes on in the next 10 minutes and report back. 
My nigger neighbors being considered my equal Bonus: I hear them all the time too 
Ariel is a brainless twat. Her twat is how she survives in life. Her last name is Dumbass. Its spelled wrong 
No wonder Portland is a cesspool. A raging Faggot for Mayor & a sub human specie of pig for Police Chief 
She's an ignorant twat 
She's a pop tart of no particular education, constantly surrounded by lefties in the entertainment biz. I'd be shocked if she came out as anything else. 
Well this dumb feminist cunt just fucked up 
You cunt should take a leap off a cliff with a rope necklace 
If your blood hasn't boiled enough today. Home office deporting nigger moslem, take him on a commercial flight so people get upset and he stays in England! Round them up and fly them on a military plane or charter you cunts! 
Would have been better if he was just either tossed in some cargo plane in a box, or crammed into a shipping container and sent oversees. Fucking pathetic how hard the retarded lemmings long for their own demise, this is why I don't trust "democracy" with fucks like this running around. 
Oh, look, it's a retarded boomer 
How about we kill the niggers. Bring more ammo. This scrawny piece of nigger shit is pointing 2 guns at his empty head with his big mouth sucking air 
Woman Is The Nigger Of The World (Remastered 2010) via 
You keep reeling off with these intricate gay nigger fantasies. Call a shrink. A fat bearded big nosed Jew shrink. They're tops. 
Half nigger total shithead 
Guy Fieri's green salsa is a jar of retarded faggot puke. And That is an objective fact, people. Once you put celery in your salsa, you can Fuck All The Way Off and keep fucking off until you find somewhere to cash in your chef hat and testicles. 
If she didn't have a twat she would be completely useless. 
How come Jack does not ban her. Why does a conservative get banned for the f word and this twat does not? Jack explain to me? Crickets 
Satan told me, fuk enimen he is a faggot and not welcome 
Difference being - she talks shit while hiding behind armed bodyguards; we speak up with only each other. Screw that cowardly cunt 
Who cares what this faggot says 
The laughable leader of the UKs Labour Party claims he is ready to be Prime Minister. What a deluded munter, I wouldn't trust that twat to run a bath. 
Democrap nigger beeyach Busted for stealing republicans fliers! These are the kinds of sub-human, lying, cheating, thieving, filthy animals the Democraps want you to vote for! 
Schraipfeeler: Das sollte wohl Nigger ianischen heissen? Ok Bajuwaren halt. 
Churchill He knew the only good Muzzie was a dead Muzzie 
Get that up you you raghead bitches ha! 
What A Cunt She Is Living A Lie Fuck Her And Her Cave Beast HIsTORY. 
In the long run, "triggering the libs" backfires terribly. Nigger radicalism worked for them. Second wave feminism worked for them. Unlike whites, the pet constituent groups of the Dnc actually feel like they are under siege, and that's when they work overtime to ram their agenda through. 
The Nigger admitted his own racial inferiority by having a White bitch be his 'stripper'. 
Hey everyone let's racialize literally everything that's not ethnocentric and retarded or anything. 
But we already know he has accomplices. Each and every radicalized piece of shit Terrorist neo nazi faggot here on Gab are accomplices. And perhaps, even Gab itself, since they will do Nothing to clean up the shit they spew here day in and day out. "Free speech", don't you know. 
Heaven forbid the film was just a piece of shit and he's looking to put the blame on anyone or anything, , , , Remind you of the Cunt Hrc. 
A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things. The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy. These are the people teaching your kids. 
Black Women Live In A Different World Than Normal People. Black Women Are Owed EVERYTHInG. When They Are Racist It Is Ok. And Just Like THIs Black Twat She Will Tell You So. 
The Reason why there's so many of these Spic invaders, is because our Aid (Money/Food) has Caused the Overpopulation of these Turd World Shit Holes. Just like the Aid to Africa, they Eat, they Breed & then there's enough of them to invade the Us & Europe. We get a Knife in our Backs for our Efforts & Kindness (White Man's Achilles Heel. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Typical nigger behavior 
Whats her chinaman say? 
Oh great they have the retard Greenspan that helped create Obama, Bushes, and even turn Clinton's booming economy Reagan left him into a mess, saying we are in trouble, Trump is fucking up everything. 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
Flattered you attribute such power! Me stopping you? You are a sinner deceived by Lucifer you follow doctrines of devils the fruit of your religion is Fear we are being cleansed hatred faggot nigger kike 
Centre-right. Like millions of decent folk ) 
Actually, he identifies as a jewish supremacist whose main ideological positions are anti-White hatred & toxic semitism. He's not really that concerned with economic and social issues beyond attacking Whitey. He denies any semitic heritage, & claims that his motivation is self-hatred, driven by internalization of systemic semitism 
Your self-proclaimed "adequate literacy" has declined to a new low. I acknowledged your claim of non-semitic heritage, & your insistence that your anti-White hatred is not instinctive, but self-hatred resulting from internalization of systemic semitism. Why do you insist on mischaracterizing this as a claim that you're a member of the Tribe? Sad! 
Um! I see a lot of words there, designed to confuse. But when they are all added up the opposite side of the = reads zero. This must be because you can't post a single anti-white post of mine and wish to muddy the waters so you don't look like a twat for the 5th time. Yes! 
More big words designed to confuse and hide your inability to back up your claims. I have never attacked anyone who expresses white positivity. The only twats I attack are the ones like you who come to Me with your hatred of other races. You're confusing me attacking you for being an ignorant twat with the white race. You do Not represent the white race. 
Lol Now you're going into full blown socialist brainstem meltdown. I have this effect on the Left. Repeating yourself endlessly hoping that it becomes true. Clear sign of mental illness. Bet you call me some naughty names next. Yes? ) 
Your desperate, flailing attempt to distract from your anti-White hatred by babbling incoherently about irrelevant economic issues is duly noted. Sad! 
Johann is right dude, I just read your timeline and you say the same shit fuckin gover an dover and over and over. Learn some new rhetoric bitch. 
Bahahahaha look at the fucking retard trying to sound philosophical! Fucking hell man, you people are the worst. You have zero substance. None! We think faster than we can operate, so yes I had a predisposed thought. Fuck you and your cliche bullshit cocksucker 
Lol You said "automatically" - not me. You do realize that it's pretty irrational to blame me for your own spontaneous admission that you're incapable of empirically-based reasoning, and rely on conditioned reflexes and feelz in its place. Don't you? 
Hahahaaaaa See, you are just saying the same bullshit over and over you ignorant cocksucker. Fucking idiot. Wheres your substance? You have none. All you have is a basic as fuck vocabulary that you use over and over. Go fuck yourself man, braindead piece of shit. Later cunt. 
1. Spontaneously admits that he simply reacts "automatically" 2. Confused, incoherent, ad hominem-filled rant 3. Zero thought, but just chock-full of feelz Ladies and gentleman, this is the archetypical anti-White 
Don't sugar coat your brand; just say it: nigger muslem. 
Trump Suggests "Rogue Killers" May Have Murdered Missing Saudi Journalist Yes, Trump is right about " rogue killers", Sa cleaned up their act and the Deep State traitors are attempting to start either a war or a split in the Alliance. It won't work. Trump and the White Hats know who is responsible for this propagandists disappearance, and it isn't the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. It's very easy to see who is responsible due to how the Traitor Msm reacts to this. On another note, it appears that the Zero Hedge message boards have been hijacked by NPCs and communists. Zero Hedge is one of the best sites for real journalism and real news, they aren't perfect, but better than most. But I have noticed a whole lot of arrogant commies bashing the president on this site. Maybe Media Matters and the faggot pedophile David Brock have targeted Zero Hedge as of recent. I dunno but these people make me want to punch them through the screen. Fucking NPCs. 
Trump's Doj looked at all the political violence in California over the past three years and decided to go after Ram 
What an Npc 
I call you an Npc, because 99. 99% of you shills use "muh Hillary" as an excuse for Trump breaking campaign promises. Go play in a nigger ghetto. 
So tell me oh wise one, why does "muh master race" keep losing all the time forever? - enthusiastically awaiting your copout from your prissy altright faggoty haircut 
Lol@ "An exemplar of Aryan beauty" - just another pretty-face, but okay. Yes, we're all aware of her bestiality. 
*Every day, except Shabbat and Yom Kippur. 
Clinton's did no better, except their Jew-In-Law works for their biggest campaign funder Goldman-Sachs 
What the fuck are you? You must be one of the most conflicted persons i've ever seen! You're a nazi but also an anti aryan who dislikes jews but at the same time tolerates their influence. Are you one of those who think they can mix Gop americanism with nazism or something? You're really confusing breh. 
Lol. Tis a mystery 
To put it short, Gop are Zionist shit, The word "Aryan" was only a general term used in the early 1900s for people of European descent (like the word Anglo or Caucasian), no matter what Jewish propaganda and wanna-be Nazis tell you, this is what it is. I've never claimed to be "Nazi" even though I love and admire Hitler, but I think modern neo-Nazis are fucking retards cause they model themselves on the Jewish definition of "Nazis", refusing to really understand what Hitler was doing for "Germany" and not "white people", and instead jerk-off to clownish used-car-salesman Larpers like George Rockwell, never learning from their mistakes, just repeat them over and over since post WW2 and can't be reasoned with cause they're too hung up on 'muh white victimhood', they claim white blood is superior but also claim it so fragile it would be obliterated by contact of a single drop of non-white blood, they want to cry about Antifa, but not willing to sacrifice their own freedom to make a fatal example out of them, they're folly is always trying to make it 'white vs. The world', and alienate anyone who thinks outside their bubble, instead of realizing the Jew is everyone's problem, so until they realize this, they will remain a useless minority who get crushed again and again by Kikes, Good-Goys and Leftist Scum, because numbers is not their strong point, nor do they care for it to be, they prefer ideology, sloganeering and pipe dreamy end-results without having to actually work for it. 
Another big man antifa terorrist faggot! I like how hes not afraid of women but when the men step to him runs like little bitch! Lmfao 
He's a twat 
Only a totally evil cunt would wish that on any one. Lesbianism is a serious mental disorder. 
Fuck me who gave this cunt a gun? 
Don't forget the brightly colored nigger nike's. 
So you wanna welcome inbred morons who no sense of decency, morals and intelligence and think that's a good idea? Retarded. Just retarded 
Why are these jihadi jane ingrates even in america in the first place? 
We can only hope. Preferably to an Islamic fundamentalist nation where they know exactly how to shut up loud mouth feminists. 
Water boarding in Gitmo and dehydration in a Fema camp aren't severe enough. She needs to have her labia and clitoris removed and acid splashed in her face before becoming a fuck doll to a gangly toothed sand nigger who beats her nightly. Get on my level. 
And a muzzie bitch to boot! 
God I can’t stand this cunts face 
Who can? Apart from bisexual wigger Harry and people who pretend to like her for his sake Lol She is downright creepy and very much on ugly-ish side- despite all the plastic surgery, botox, bleaching, hair straightenings. 
I'm throwing a party the day this cunt dies. 
Cunt who is buddies with Stormy. 
Until I see him die in prison I won't put too much faith in the system to lock this faggot up 
And carrot is up. Her cunt hole 
For 9 assaults. Bail = $1m. Nogs out of control. If were white. Rapper Kaalan Walker charged with 9 counts of felony sexual assault 
Every fucking nigger thinks they are rappers. Lol! 
Got out Kali voter info. Faggot newsom info says it all. 
I just mute the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. ) 
Oh go fuck yourself you retarded fucking cunt. 
Still coughing up Reno cunt hair? 
It takes a sign "That Fucking Big" to get thru to Retard "PussyHats" 
Wetback men are being beaten & tied naked onto poles in Mexico I was washing my hair at the time. 
Redneck limo? 
Jews are such fucking Liars! They are command and control satanic software programs. Jews are Retarded as they have no intelligence! All they can do is memorize! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
Would the Old Cunt even know it if she was? 
Idiot! That faggot would be straight off the top of the nearest tall building! 
Do women not have asses on the planet you're from? You automatically thought of man ass so maybe you need to just come out of the closet, faggot. You're against me, I get it. Here's a nice place for you to go. 
You are a closet faggot hiding behind god. You will burn along side the pope. 
Hey Torba, Faggot Vox Day is gloating about your sitrep. Pray for u to put that petty bastard in his place. 
Yes he was a disaster a nonce homosexual alcoholic but a good zionist puppet. Haye the fat cunt 
I mistakenly supported Israel my whole 40 yrs of life. At this point, I have to ask, why do Any Christians support Israelites anymore? They are not 'The Chosen', the 'Chosen' died on Skull Mtn. Today's Israelites are not real Jews. They are stolen identity and they spend every minute of the day trying to undermine their 'Christian' Brothers. Why? I see Christians tell Jews "I support you, I support Israel" and the Jew will respond with "Fuck off". They are Godless, foresaken, Not blessed. They are whore infidels. I now not only do Not support Israel, I support their total destruction. I loathe these smarmy swine. Who coined the phrase "Israel are our greatest allies. "? No they're not. They're nobody's ally. When have they ever helped anyone but themselves? We give them Jerusalem, they give us Isis. We give them Israel in 1948, they give us sabotage, terror, anti-Christianity and economic theft. Burn. 
The holocaust didn't happen but if should have! 
Look at some fucking Facts! Just because you are brainwashed retarded with all the Jew holohoax bullshit does not make it True! 17 million German's suffered the holocaust by the akseNAZI Jews just as the Russian's suffered 66 million deaths by the same askeNAZI Jews! Jews are fucking Liars! But you won't look at actual Facts will you? The Jews were the only population that Increased during WW2. America fought and has always fought on the wrong side of every war! This is the Truth! Whatever a Jew accuses someone of they are guilty. Jews are Liars! 
Navarro is a leftist plant in the GOPeee and a retard 
Just what the 85% of the white population of Britain wanted! To be lectured to by a moslem and a nigger! 
Talking to a nigger is like talking to a 6 year old child. Talking to a muslim is like talking to a nigger with a towel wrapped around it's head. 
It just amazes me Americans allowed niggers to convince them it was ok for niggers to say nigger but not us, it seems most Americans are stupid as shit. 
I saw a stream with Loomer, Faith, Roosh V and Davis Aurini, strange thing was Roosh and Davis both were being nice to Loomer. Faith likes this retard as well! Metokur went to town on her but I'm really surprised she blew up anyway despite being exposed as a stalker, liar, doxer and plain loon. 
Soon you will run out of Memes/Gifs. And then you'll have to use your brain. In the mean time, I have a Family to take care of. Try looking at your Title Photo of retarded Gay Boys, and then imagine me showing it to my kids, as they laugh at you. Believe me. They are. 
Its Criminal That Any Faggot Federal Judge Can Stop A Presidential Order. 
Splc is anti-Trump, anti-white, anti-free speech. Need I go on? Just look at their Twat page & you'll see. Don't, for Heaven's sake, go to their website: they make everything look & sound better than the Girl Scouts! Lol 
Traitor Muslim Faggot needs to be hung on national television. 
For each repost this image gets, 1 libtard will be permanently owned 
Hey jew@jew talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel 'n tell us something about this jew soiled repost that's up your ass like a fist up your sleeve. Jew punk you work so hard to subvert shit you don't even realize you are hungry enough to eat it. Memes that ridicule white gentiles are jew memes you need to be schooled about with tuna net'n fish hooks. Fu 
Be quiet nigger 
Quote 'S Post: be quiet nigger Hey looky here a jew with a prayer. Hey jew clutch it like a pearl necklace in Greenwich Village you Nyc Tel Aviv gay boy'n wanna be jet setter. Jew plan to repeat yourself or repeat me until another goat wanders too close to your zio-monster and you need comfort. Fuck it'n your dog shit terrorism jew. 
Work the balls sand nigger 
If You don't homeschool your kids and grandkids it's wilfully giving them to a gang of pedo predators with a box lunch in 2018. Preschoolers in Iceland are being taught to rid themselves of gender stereotypes by being forced to participatein gender stereotypes. Elementary school boys are taught to massage each other with lotion to learn how to have gentle hands, and are also taught to play while looking after babies with gender-neutral rag dolls. As for the boys in the report, Cardew had lit candles and drawn the blinds of their minimalist classroom. At other stations around the room, boys styled each other’s hair, painted on nail polish or gave each other full-body massages, according to the report. The Hjalli model was founded by self-described radical feminist Margrét Pála Ólafsdóttir who holds no punches when describing why she does what she does. 
Gearing up for genocide. Noahide Law commands Jews kill by proxy. This ginning up of Old Time Religion complete with faggot drowning is not organic. It's Part of it. Homosexuality is caused by adult females abusing boys psychologically. These kids will be fucked up, and rather than fix them, their own White kin will happily genocide their sons for Jeebus. 
Another picture that is worth a thousand words. She is at an orphanage in Kenya in this photo. The kids wanted to pray for her. This is a First Lady - This is Our 1st Lady of the United States of America and I am proud to share Amen 
Fuck that shill bitch, her daughter marrying a fucking kike add her husband shilling for Israel. Cunts 
President Trump is Jewish, Shit for Brains. 
His father donated the land for the Nyc Synagogues. Jackie Mason, very Jewish and Meyer Lansky's buddy, says President Trump is more Jewish than he is. And of course, President Trump's Jewish Children. Must really suck for you, huh? Patsy. 
I've never said he wasn't Jewish. You silly idiotic thick disgraceful cunt. I said he was "allegedly" Jewish. (I don't give a fuck if he is) my sentence said he's shilling for them. And that's all I need to know. White Jewish or Nigger. A shill is a shill. 
So read the fucking gab. Before pouncing on to reply because you relish free speech. You stupid fuck. I'm an actual full on nazi with swastika tattoos. I wasn't defending him. I was just stating he shills for Israel. A white traitor is worse than a Jew. 
A retards guarantees aren't worth a turd. You complete stupid fuck the fact that whites are altruistic is our weakness you pathetic cuck. If we Were racist, we wouldn't be in this mess. People would have been up in arms after the first batch of migrants. You sanctimonious self righteous cunt 
Ok, here's a test. 1. What percentage of Europeans had white skin at the beginning of Egyptian civilization? 2. What percentage of the ancestors of Europeans were black Africans in Africa 50-60k years ago? I Guarantee you fail. 
Why do you keep "guaranteeing" things that can't possibly be guaranteed. You sound like a used car salesman. Fucking twat. Tutankahumn was white. Genetically. So probably take ruling class at least were white. (Not that any of this is even relevant) Fucking tool 
I asked what color skin Europeans at at the Beginning of Egyptian civilization, not King Tut. That's a fail on question #1, 100% of Europeans had black skin like an African at the time. Ok, want to try question #2? 
Bull fucking shit they did. You stupid Nigger. That can't possibly be proved. Russian genetisicts disproved the out of Africa Theory yes Theory. You jealous Nigger 
Ok, here's your medicine, say hi to gramps in the lower left hand corner. 
Do you know where Eurasia is. You stupid fucking Nigger? No wonder Niggers have the lowest Iq. Of all races on earth. Thick fucking ape 
Yeah, Eurasia is Europe and Asia, Downbreed. (Dumb as a box of rocks) 
Again. Illustrates a clear genetic difference between Niggers and the rest of earth ( every race on earth) Niggers are the only race that doesn't possess this Dna 
Nope, it's an ignorant downbreed like you, not a geneticist. 
It's actually genetic science. Proved by Russian scientists over and over again. King tut proved by genetics to be white. Stupid fucking Nigger 
For the third time, Downbreed, I wasn't talking about King Tut, I was talking about Europeans. And yeah, I realize that's eternally too complicated for your genetically distorted tiny brain. 
Yea, that's probably what it was that got me on the list now that you mention it. I was sharing Ricky's stuff on Twitter during the election and for a little while after on Gab until I realized he was a massive faggot who was not to be trusted. Like I said in my previous comment, I've come a long way over the past couple of years. It's embarrassing to look back and see some of the shit I used to post when I was still consuming kosher red pills. It was actually people like yourself that helped me get to where I am now. 
Faggot 
Why is there always one white ginger soulless cunt among the mohammedan number? 
This will be trumps fault after this liberal thalidomide genius mail bomber backfires. How fucking retarded is the far left that they think anyone cares. Every made up false flag is gifting votes by votes for rebublicans. Bombs away. 
Nigger privilege. Any one of us would be arrested by now. 
When I was a youngster I liked to make tree stumps fly it was fun stuff me and my brother tried all kinds of stuff and found out a lot about what it takes to make stuff blow up. I am no pro just a hillbilly who ain't as dumb as I type. And I like to add a bit of southern redkneck in my post 
That’s probably the most retarded thing I’ve read today. What will you do when muh fabulous career is over and you have no children or husband to spend the remaining 40 years of your life with? I guess cats will have to do. But at least you weren’t a voluntary slave. 
Women who place so-called 'careers' over the welfare of their kids are child abusers and need to be treated and punished for being negligent mothers. In addition, they should face the ridicule and censure of other women who are married and full time moms. Peer pressure coming down on them will fix their need to abandon their children to Marxist schools and nigger babysitters while these females go off to pursue their 'dreams'. 
Come on Texas don't give this Soy Boy commie faggot the time of day 
The vast majority of Boomer's kids are in their 30s, 40s & 50s Those are the kids of Gen X Useless retard muted 
Pee ryan's successor is de leon lite, "not who we are" when talking about nigger rapists if race is broached because smiling nigger is running for senate in detoilet land and they would never be able to point at possible flaws of electing niggers, "coleman young(detoilets 1st nigermayor) isn't who he was" 
Love Trump! Nationalist is a Good word - retarded left commies/ Cnn so evil. That 60 minutes show was an attack; so defensive / what was shown was edited Ugh 
Absolutely - Shows how uninformed some people are. Look up 60 minute interview where Soros deems himself God & grins as he said collecting items from the slaughtered Jews did not faze him. Why are humans so easily led Research Folks - Have a great day Calli! 
Lol Wow a meme of a short dick German faggot talking about Trump? Wow, you showed me. 
I'm pretty sure the Obama daughters were the first retarded niglets in the oval office. 
This cunt has a high court injunction out against mainstream social media where you will find if she is mentioned in a s story the comment sections are always closed. Deporting this creature would be a step in right direction. 
His name is: Jordan Hunt. (aka. Jordan Cunt) He's a hairdresser in Toronto. 
Faggot For Sure! Likes It In The Ass! 
Cowardly? What a little bitch you are hiding behind the American flag while promoting a mixed race and faggot loving society. You're a disgrace to mankind and a hemp of garbage to the evolution of man. 
Spartacus the nigger bull-faggot. 
This President States $500 Billion 400, 000+ Usa Jobs At Stake Regarding Sale Of Usa Armaments Etc To King Sheek Salomi And His Bologna Blow Thee 2000 Retarded Murderous Inbred Clan Who Perform No Work Just Blow Jobs The Queer Faggots Who Murder Yemeni Children And OTheRS At Will. Go Ahead U Cocksuckers Wastrels Upon This GREAt Earth Buy Your Armaments Etc Elsewhere And When Retribution Time Is At HAnd Itll Be A Turkey Shoot With Ur Weak Gear From OTheR NAtIONS DITTo DITTo DITTo IsRAEL===> THAtS Correct; , : This President Is Genetically JewIsH Of His FAtHERS Dna Alleles And WHAt The Genetic Jew Is NoT Saying Is The Filthy Kikes Genetic JewS JewESSES In IsRAEL*, For The Time BeInG Anyway, *Are Allied Strongly With Saudi Arabia And Get THAt Usa Armament Etc For Free By Way Of Saudi Arabia. FUCKing GoDDAMNED Sneaks. 
I am under no illusions. If the Godless jackasses responsible for this latest attack on Gab were fully in charge of our nation they'd be force feeding me a bullet just for expressing my less than sycophantic opinion about their bullshit. As would all of you. 
All lefties are Factually Hateful Bigots! But they do not understand what an actual Fact is! Lefties are commies, they are just too brainwashed retarded to realize this! 
This is how the inverted Orwellian World works. Just like the askeNAZI Jew, the lefty will project who they are by what they say. They are full of Hate! The inversion is how the Matrix works! Orwell was exactly right! 
Lol you're as retarded as, assuming everyone is a Nazi. Lmao I dont even consider myself white. Silly silly retard, others can think you're stupid too 
Faggot 
Oliver is a faggot 
I knew this faggot was being meme'd by the Jews when I saw his Scj confirmation hearing segment. If you watch the whole thing it comes across as scripted and blunted really. 
What kind of faggot keeps those pics on his shit? 
Well Twat, I don't mute anyone here at Gab so what! 
Oh no, I bully a lot. I Am a big bull. A big dick. Not a little bunny or twat like you. 
Hey? That makes no sense at all. Must be a retarded Lefturd 
How much responsibility do you carry for the state of affairs in the usa? I will bet tat u voted for the raghead nigger? 
Fat bull dog dyke with no experience fears Supreme Court losing credibility! 
Riley is a faggot 
Can you even be a faggot if you look like a Ken doll below the waist? 
Maxine Waters supposedly received two "bombs", unlike her colleagues who supposedly received one each. But she ain't scared! Why? Perhaps because she sent those taped up pipes to herself, and the only reason she got two was because her low Iq negress brain forgot that she had already sent the first one. 
Reminder: Paul Romer was one of the few people Mencius Moldbug was willing to call a faggot openly: 
. Thank you Ms. Asshole Cuntface Coulter for feeding into the frenzy which has caught a majority of jerk off nazi racist assholes into wanting to commit outright murder in the streets but this is typical of a faggot ass Psyops! 
And I like that you still have a hate boner for Toro, still mad that she wouldn't bang ya? Sad cunt 
Just say you want to hire muzzie rapists. 
Muzzies don't work. The abuse teenage girls and beat their wives when they're not patting themselves on the back in the mosque. 
Nigger lover 
Triggered much? I guess I hit a nerve with this one. Don't hate me because your daughter or mother likes the nigger dick. 
You call me triggered yet you're the one posting hate and can't take criticism. Keep being a good cuck, we know you Love the black cock in your ass! Lol, cry more, pussy. 
When this retard pays his child support I still won’t listen to him: 
A Muzzie Brotherhood, bin Laden Buddy & al Quida Why did he have a green card I could care less and wish Americans cared as much about Benghazi 
Only when someone of another race does it they realize how fucking retarded they sound, hence they get outraged and curse at the mirror. 
Was never a part of. It was popularized by (The Jazz Singer), which was not only written, produced, financed and distributed by, the entire movie is about culture. Watch the movie. 
Jolson nigger 
A 30/06 Round Is The Justice THIs Nigger Needs. It Solves All Problems PERMItELLY. 
Foul wetback bitches! 
Moralfags accusing people of being pedophiles. Do you remember the tragedy of MGTOW101 The Wise? Exactly. He made the stupid decision of accusing Tfm of being a pedo only to get utterly fucking destroyed. Here is the video proving how idiots like are no different than leftists. 
You didn't make yourself look or sound neutral when in fact you made yourself look like a leftist trying to act neutral. Also Gabai and their retarded 300 character limit. 
Faggot niggers 
Funny thing normal folk. There are NatSocs on here and real cultural Marxists like and But you never see them arguing with each other do you. Always with normal folk like you and me. I have a theory. NatSocs and Marxists both follow feeble socialist ideologies with fragile minds & egos. They worry that if they argue together they might start listening to the other and possibly even convert. But there's no chance they will convert to being normal like us. What do you reckon? ) 
Yeah. Anyone who is jealous of other people's success and hates others for no good reason is a socialist by definition. Whether they called themselves Marxists or National Socialists is irrelevant. Most people aren't like that which is why they are a 10% minority. And that's being generous ) 
Anyone who reduces different political doctrines to a ridiculous as hominem is a retarded faggot by definition 
Go vote for you early death think cunt s trump is and Putin is saving your life fucking zombie dum motherfuckercuntwankpissdumzombiemental 
Jesus the brainwashing is real. Took this guy 58 fucking yrs to tune out. The Negro Felon League turned ignorant 30+ yrs ago. I tuned out as so as the oooga booga shit started. When class n sportsmanship left. I left. 
Be well faggot 
Racism should be encouraged. It's natural and healthy. 
Only cucks cry about racism. I'm sure you are one of those faggots that would give up his children to the nigger hordes so you aren't called racist. 
Correction bitch cunt covering her face 
More than 1 in 3 American adults eat nigger bodily fluids on any given day. There I fixed it. 
If u eat fast food u may as well just find a nigger and lick it’s asshole it’s literally the same thing 
I very rarely eat fast food but when I do, I walk out if I see a nigger preparing the food. 
O u very rarely let a nigger wipe it’s balls in ur mouth i guess that’s better than letting them do it evry day. 
Jason is a fairy gay faggot if he cannot Mute someone here/ 
What mosque did he visit? It's past time to deny these jihadis a safe space to plot and conspire. Kill the mosque and the sand nigger leaves. 
A cannibal ass in every seat. Nice of our 'leadership' to get so deep in leveraged debt to nigger nations (offshore accounting) they are 'forced' to accommodate nigger trash in our home nations. The kike 'royalty' is leveraged in offshore city of London accounts so heavily they simply have to bend over no lube when africa want to invade Europe. 
Elizabeth warren is so retarded. She doesn’t understand her own narrative. Race as a social construct contends race is a class you’re placed in, her taking a dna test and justifying her native Americanness via dna is reliant upon race being a biologically reality. Whether by class or biology, everybody would identify her as white 
Trump got under her skin so bad that she went out and got a Dna test. Warren felt the need to prove him wrong and now she looks stupid. Now you have that meme going around that says its okay to be 99. 9999999 White. It won't hurt her tho long term. The only one who would ever use it against her would be Trump. No other republican will use it - that wouldn't be polite. 
Proof once again that A: It's beyond time to split the nation up and B: Letting women vote is the most retarded thing our ancestors ever did 
Feminists ruin everything for us. I'd vote Right but many women would not. The patriarchy is best. 
White men trusted black men with the vote before they gave it to women. 
Let alone letting them in Government. Just look what has happened since women were allowed into Government. This Government has went total shit hole. And it's all the freaking women. 
Unless you have your woman on a short chain women should never vote. 
I think Smith is a homosexual faggot commie. He is banned from my tv. He makes me gag with vomit. 
Easy to say unless you live in a nigger run shithole like Baltimore 
I think the cunt is mad. Needs a hug! 
The usual neo-Pagan response due to their lacking to challenge belief systems. When can we discuss your sand nigger pantheon or will you cower from that argument? Mind you that Nordic niggers are not more than 1, 900 years old and they coincidentally rob from other cultures exactly like a Jew. 
So Khashoggi isn't the saint he's being painted as by the Msm - turns out he's an Islamist twat - good riddance! 
Idk if I want it legal here in kentucky. That prob sounds retarded coming from a smoker but idk man. I dont want the influx of hippies coming here. 
Charles Blow is pathetic nigger faggot that is taken seriously by 1/1024th of the population. 
Amy Schumerjew? What a filthy cunt bag 
Great she's fucking retarded 
Correct. I tried to tell this to his fagot followers who are dick sucking each other on twitter right now, but to no avail. One (that faggot RedElephant guy) told me I have a low Iq because higher Gdp would mean higher birth rate. When I informed him he was mentally retarded he blocked me. These are not good people. 
Niggers 
Around blacks, not even cats can relax. 
Nigger nothing more nothing less 
Great lie you faggot piece of sh*t jew. We have been receiving your trannie porn, your poo porn, because you don't want the truth to be known about evil degenerate Satan worshipping jews You attack those who tell the Truth because jew Lies can't defeat the Truth! 
Cages is where you always keep animals that suck sand nigger cock 
Are you a Nazi? This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab. 
The real question that needs to be asked, is are you pissed. You can say what you want about Nazis, but considering circumstances, then and now, you can see how it comes about! Then you can ask were our Founding Fathers Nazis! 
No, I Am not pissed. The question is are you a Nazi. Wake Upand No, the Usa founding fathers were not Nazi. Also the Usa fought against the lousy Nazis and beat/defeated them. Wake The Fuck Up! 
Oh shit Neo you took the God damned blue pill? 
Only in your wet dreams and fertile imagination, of course. Wake up! +1 (Neo) 
Oh I am awake Neo, you see I actually took the red pill. 
No they didn't win. The point is, they weren't wrong. The point is, we should have been allies with them. Jesus Neo, the irony here is off the charts. You haven't taken the red pill at all. 
No, no, no, the Usa should not be allies with impotent weak low Iq losers like the Nazis. Good thing that we beat those damn "socialist" losers. 
How do Germans have low IQs? They are incredibly intelligent. This is why German engineering is praised worldwide. 
Well freak, they are allowing a woman to give Germany to Islam (Muslims. No wonder those Nazis are impotent low Iq sheeople. Sad. 
What the what? Merkel is no Nazi. She's a commie run by the (globalists. 
. And the Germans (weak impotent Nazis) can't stop her from selling Germany to Islam (Muslims. Lol! At least we have Trump here in the Usa. A real man not some weak Nazi faggot. ) 
I like Trump but the Germans just like Americans are being force fed propaganda by the Jewish media. They end up hating themselves in the process and calling other whites an "f*ing white male". There are so many white anti-whites around and that's because they've been brainwashed with lies. 
Only a weak minded impotent faggot (like a Nazi or a demonrat) will fall for propaganda by the media (fake news! Wake UProll: 
Dude, I hate both fake news and fags. I think you just like to troll. 
Troll what? 
You 
We stripped wetbacks of citizenship who shouldn't have gotten it during operation Wetback 
My wife is Facebook friends with some left wing woman she grew up with She's gone full pussyhat, ranting about Trump, Kavanaugh and whatever else Cnn farts out every day. She was recently diagnosed with cancer. She's going to die and leave two kids and a husband behind. Recently she posted that she just finished marching in some left wing protest before checking in for chemo. Imagine this. You've only got a few months, maybe a year or two to live. And this is how you spend your time. What a Godless and wretched soul. She's smart, too. Very high Iq. But smart people can be every bit the fool as stupid ones. Anyway, I don't give a shit about her cancer. Good riddance. 
I didn't know cancer could get cancer. It's like the ten nigger rule where the blacks are worse for them than anybody else. That bitch must have Ten Nigger Cancer. Unrelated, how much you wanna bet she burned the coal? 
In Our Lovely Australia I smell a civil war and I am 75, it just may happen in my time, as arseholes in Canberra are not fucken listening to us. We do not need any Barbarians African or Moslims slime. Out of Un and get the hell out of Paris fest talk, and lets have some clean Coal Powers station and cheap energy 
His son the communist green cunt throw him under the bus, I hope I am driving it 
Maine would never allow a nigger to win. She must find a different state. 
That was the joke. Reporter wasn't the retarded child, Rosie was. 
Qc=Queer Cunt 
Getting sick of seeing that Lindsey Graham protester video set to nigger music. Good way to ruin it. 
You're dumb as shit faggot 
Ohh yeah Dan, , , I see Women screaming in the streets being raped. You retard 
A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things. The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy. These are the people teaching your kids. 
Vader has said this many times before and I stand by it. The most hateful racist Pos in America are black females that went to a 4-year college followed by black males that went to college. 
So, by her logic we can call her a nigger if we have a black friend? Just following her logic! 
Hey pendejos. Shove it up your collective filthy illegal wetback asses. You are breaking our laws and trespassing. Build a wall with gun garrets and aim for their heads and the bellies. This shit will stop. One way or the other. Gtfo! 
She ruined a man's life awhile back. She sued him because he touched her butt but you can clearly see in the picture that it was an accident. The picture is awkward as fuck. The man worked in radio and ever since she did that he has had trouble finding a job. I tried to warn everyone that she went full retard a long time ago but no one notices me. ( 
Posted by u/Russians30i44i3o It turns out shrieking like a retard isn't a convincing argument 
You can do all that and still hate mudsharks. I have a full time career, a Family, live in a State that’s 90+% White, and hate mudsharks. You obviously don’t know what you’re talking about. Why are you trying to take up for nigger fucking whores? Are you one? 
You’re a faggot who only lives on the internet. You tell yourself it doesn’t work to justify your weak mind and incapability to bring yourself to make a real move. 
Or post an ad on Craigslist for men seeking men or free pit bull puppies or anything demeaning or racially biased and let's put this dirty fuckin Sand Nigger outta business! 
Who cares what that country club nigger has to say about anything? 
How retarded are you Trumpanzees? We. Have. Guns. Too. Damn, you cats yammer and yammer about the murder rates in the "liberal cities, " but never put 2 and 2 together. 
Welcome. We like to here on Gab. You can even say nigger faggot. U know, if u want. 
It's official, Maverick is on hillbilly drugs. 
Canadians: Man-made climate change is fake science. Your retarded asshole Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, is going to use fake science as an excuse to fuck you all up the ass with Carbon taxes. It will be Revenue Neutral like the singer Madonna is a virgin. Soon you will be renaming your country to: Canazuela. 
An actual scene from this (movie) when a character asked "What will we do with the Jew? ". 
Everybody check this bullshit out. One might think the jews would use a bit more nuanced holohoax propaganda now, but nooo, right back to soap and lampshades! 
I personally like organic natural soaps. Why would I scrub myself with kike soap? Eww. Plus the effort it would take. Nahhh. Nobody would buy kike soap except maybe kikes 
Anyone with basic common sense, or access to the internet, should know that jew-soap is a jew-lie. That clip is a mind-numbingly retarded transparent piece of propaganda. Hopefully it's so obviously egregious that it's laughed at by most people and used as an example to undermine the baseless fiction propping up their entire scheme. 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
I couldn't even watch half of this video. Faggot Don Lemonjuice can't even read. This beige is just so boring and the script is so badly written I could not get through it. Yawn. Beige faggot are so uninteresting. Yawn. ㄥ 
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhmmmmmmmmmmm Liberal Cunt Bitch Tears Delicious! 
Why be a low T faggot when you could be a man? 
Internet bullying, do me a favour. This aint twitter cunt. I tell you What happens next is i call you a safe space absolute cunt. Jog back on back to twitter. Lefties will always turn on each other 
Real life I'm a piece of shit. Is this you in real life. Show a picture and something with the date in the back ground. 100 %this aint you in real life. Prove yourself to everyone you aint a piece of lying hypocritical twat 
Yeah cluck clauck cluck why are you even bothering to keep your retarded act up. It's all over now. Gab's losing it's domain name. 
Dear retarded civnats, virtue signalling won't save you, we told you fucking idiots to stop punching right, have you learned yet, nope another based nigger post. More virtue signalling to the people who want to kill you. Even destroying your own genetic heritage won't work 
Trump's surrendering to taliban in Afghanistanthought the retard trump had a super secret plan to win in 30 days? Between this and his check for the Saudi royal family, we know who the real Muslim lover istrump’s the Real the member of the Muslim brotherhood 
Nigger loving faggot 
Expected from a dyke bitch 
Friggin nigger 
Bullshit! Jones is a media hound attention grubbing cocksucker who does Nothing to further our Cause in Any way! He will Never call out the fucking kikes as the Left or as Democrats because he's a fat cunt shill! 
Better than spending it on muzzie invaders 
I'm not sympathizing. But everyone who has that forced in their faces doesn't need to see it. You're a disrespectful cunt of a thing, because you're a commie Jew or muzzrat. 
Fuck to death this Nigger loving Homo ass to mouth cocksucker. Vive LePen. 
Maxine is a Democrat so she is Racist! The brainwashed retarded Democrat and all filthy Jews will call people exactly what they are! 
I swear this account is 90 percent based nigger posts. Zzz 
Hey! Ever here the term "Lurk Moar"? You should do that with Rush Limbaugh. Not to say what he says but to make your show better. Your callers are either mentally fucking retarded or their so far up their own ass their voices echo. At least make them stay on a single topic until Friday. 
What that entitled fat ass lazy cunt needs is to back away from the burgers and get a real fucking job. "Need a break from being an editor" really? God damn I hate fucking pencil pushing pansy assed admin professionals. 
Muslim Bitch. You rag headed Nigger. Camel Jockey. Goat Humper 
Nigger thing 
Am I the only one getting Really sick of foreigners lecturing Americans about how Our government should run? He lives under an archaic monarchy & tells us the nominee of the President we elected should step down? Tell that old fart queen of yours to step down! I think that faggot Trudeau should step down. "less divisive"? There is no such thing 
He is Right, but you pathetic Trump apologists will keep sucking on his cock for shekels. Trump's NAfta "change" isn't any change. It is the Same shit and some parts are Even Worse and much Worse! Keep sucking on his cock though, Trs faggots! Sad! 
Figures. Wish I hadn't wasted a year shilling for the guy. No wall, nothing really. The nigger unemployment rate is down though 
I love cunt and asshole! May I lick your holes baby? 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
That would have been a good time for a bombing. Fuckin' Raghead convention! 
See there you go with the name calling cunt kike 
Npc boomercuck says. His free speech matters more than yours. The Constitution only protects his views, yours are dangerous. These old faggots need to die off already. Also, what’s with random capitalization? He bitches about the speech of others and can’t even fucking English properly. Boomers = age niggers. 
Uhhhh I'm a boomer, And if I were an age nigger I wouldn't be on Gab! 
Full blown Jew faggot Eddie Lampbert gets his wish and destroys Sears, ending the 150 year life of an American icon. "Too Bad Goys" he states. 
He's the cunt of the year and probably next year too 
"Blacks are seven times more likely than people of other races to commit murder, and eight times more likely to commit robbery. " The color of crime is very black, with some brown in there, too. 
Must have been a nigger who down voted this they hate facts 
Hey Lee, do you fuck niggers for fun or is it because no White man would fuck you with a dog dick? 
How does it feel to be a race traitor cunt and nothing more than a nigger's dart board? 
Dumb jew cunt but whats even dumber is the douchebags that vote for this imbecile cunt 
Odin is Santa Claus' faggot brother. God hates them both. 
The cunt isva well known ira sympathiser. He, s a rat bastard 
What A Commie Dyke Bitch 
Yet you can't stop responding. Typical nigger antifa fat ugly bitch. You couldn't get laid in a muslim den. 
Like everything the Dims do. Its over the top. Only a retard would have that much bling on their vehicle. 
Would you like a dick pic miss nazi chick? 
Nope. Not for Commies. Ok which is your Nazi account, you are too straight to be a real Communist. 
Well I guess you are a Jew then. And in that case. Hell no. 
Wats wrong with being a commie jew? Don't you want that high-iq baby inside your nazi womb? 
Half of your ash-can-nasties are mentally retarded due to excessive inbreeding, kike. 
You're much too retarded to be Anything, period, end of goddamn story. 
Douche Muzzie Colin 
That stupid cunt 
When pedophile asswipe fagboys like you, spew this retarded drivel, I get the craving to build a pig farm next to every mosque in the world, and watch you pissants cry and act like the bitches that you are. Your kind will Never succeed in turning America into the 3rd world shithole you so truly deserve. Fuck PantyFags Fuck allah Fuck HomoHamHead Fuck Pisslam 
Pentagon propaganda as old as Desert Storm to get you to be ok with attacking the muzzies in the Middle East. People need to learn their history. 
You are the hoax, muzzie troll, and a miserably unimaginative instance within the otherwise overpopulated category. Newborn parrots would put you to shame with more sophisticated performance. 
Rather have this guy's finger on a trigger than a faggot trannie 
Who is the vile Racist Retard who would disagree with this simple Truth? 
There is no pushback. It's just ignorant fuckwits in America who don't know shit about Christianity. We've had 30+ years of no religion in schools, atheism and generally stupid people who wouldn't know Latin or Greek from a hole in the fucking ground. The retarded idea that these monoliths of religious academia are going to so much as make a point is a laughable concept. Have a good life. 
>I don’t have a shitty attitude >strawmans your position >stupid >fuckwit >retard 
Wetback foreign invasion. Destroy them and those piece of shit flags 
Wow, this twat has her head shoved so far up Hymie's arse she can taste his Bagel as she receives her deluded worldview peering through his navel. Like the rest of these assclowns she is challenged in all Mental/Moral and intellectual efforts, never read anything non Jew authored, she is void of any critical thinking and never had an original thought, completely ignorant of the Jew Question and obviously a damn Jew between the ears and just for good measure, a White Knight savior political patriotard deluded in to thinking that participating in the Jew controlled Left/Right Smoke & Mirror Dog & Pony show where both parties worship the Jew Agenda gives her some sense of superiority. This cunt is dumber than a box of rocks. 
You are a radical faggot 
Faggot Faggot Faggot! It's good to be home. Twitter is dead! 
Just like his faggot daddy 
Faggot 
I would have been banned the first day I posted about fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches if this was Twitter. ) 
And we will always look you c i fucks, As Not anything other then pig kike jews, suck a nigger dick wannabe sandnigger ok 
I thought he was a Jew. I don't think he was a faggot though. 
Someone needs to explain to the cunt that unless you have evidence to show something happened they are not a survivor, but instead, quite possibly, a liar. 
Mincing French faggot 
Ten states have neither signed nor ratified the Biological Weapons Convention (Chad, Comoros, Djibouti, Eritrea, Israel, Kiribati, Micronesia, Namibia, South Sudan and Tuvalu. Notice that Big Fat Nigger in the woodpile - Israel. 
*Gets banned from Twitter for Bs reasons - Desperately tries getting back on Twitter for months, keeps making new accounts that get banned again over and over. *Sees someone get banned from Gab who may or may not have broken the rules - Immediately leaves Gab forever, goes back on Twitter & tells everyone stay away from Gab Some of you people are such faggots. 
You're one megalomaniac Sob, not quite different from the retarded SJWs and Marxist academics. Fuck You, Fuck You Big Time 
First, the terms said "no gadgets" Since solar energy, and magnetic fields are considered gadgets. Therefore, you are a Big Fat Retarded Ignorant. Fuck off. 
Walk us through exactly how the low Iq, anti American, Muslim nigger added 22. 3 million jobs. Be specific 
Being Greek. I hope no one takes offense. That I take offense. To a black piece of faggot shit. Claiming to be a historic Greek Gladiator. Wrong color. Wrong hair. 
Like this fuckin cunt who scrapes my vehicle i wait for him in the cold on a dark spot in the grass and walked up and i was like hi there can i help you! And the navy seal fell over in fear broke his wrist and ran away as i stood there in a brown army jacket with a black bellaclava on 
Because we don't care about any saudi sand nigger cock sucker writer for the washington compost. America first 
I took a bird on a picnic today, she brought along her 3 year old son, all the little cunt did was complain he was cold. Eventually she asked if I would mind seeing if I could find something in my car to wrap around his head. She didn't look too happy when I came back with a baseball bat. 
Could you shadowban the faggot who commented pic related? He copied my Alfred the great account and impersonated me, so I created a Genghis Khan account. Apparently, he's copied that one too! 
Sweet! Thank you, @a @e! The mute feature is Much Better now. Just went to mute this fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitch and I saw this. ) 
Anti American radical communist criminal under Fbi investigation. 2 Active investigations & Commorats trot this "Magic Negro" out on their Ticket. Sound familiar? = BathHouse Illegal Faggot Barry Obama 
Who gives a fiddler's fuck what his name is? I've read his books. I've spoken to him. What's your real name? I see you don't have the balls to post using it, unlike real people. Jack off to the Israeli flag? What the fuck are you talking about? Look, cunt, post right or fuck off. 
Yeah, that's an entirely autistic reply, but you can't tell, because you're an autistic idiot. 
Take the nigger outta the. Ahhh fuck it if u faggots don’t know by now you never will. 
You're not British You're a jewish nigger Do you want to be lynched or gassed? 
Step 1: Only net-taxpayers vote for Congress. Only draft-registered adults and currently serving soldiers vote for the president. Step 2: End all forms of welfare. Step 3: Close the border and expel all remaining non-citizens. Step 4: Ban women from all colleges, universities, and trade schools to increase the native birthrate. 
You don't belong. 
Ninja be like im not even outta the closet yet, and every real gamer already knows im a fag 
Kids this gun grabbing doucebag faggot is not cool, never ever let the fake media lead you to believe this fuckin dork is cool, hes got blue hair try that in real life and get made fun of for being a fuckin faggot 
On top of that, even after were legally blackmailed to feed the negros, every other commercial is about some nigger asking for food in africa, or you see them at your mall asking for gibs, or on the side of the street. Niggers never stop asking for gibs. And then they are shoved down our throat, in media. 
The Dyke family. 
Not sure which Dyke family that would be. But I'm sure it's not the Dick Van branch of the Dykes. 
Nazism is a retarded ideology, part of their tactic is attaching themselves to a Pro-Freedom Movement. By silencing and banning them, they will just go elsewhere with victim status. Let them speak and debate their ideas, mostly all they do is spam me with memes which is ineffective. 
Put mad maxine in jail for being a trouble making nigger 
You call this shite philosophy? How about you protect my womb by shutting the fuck up before you impregnate my mind with just enough rage that i come shove that nazi cab driver cap up your arse and blind the pet hamster you got livin in there? 
An all this time I thought a woman's pussy was her most powerful weapon, - 
I couldnt get any nigger cock if i wanted cuz theyre all lines up at your moms back door 
I think, you must be a retard too, because I am screenshooting your threat for posterity. 
Let me know when your Iq reaches retarded level before you talk to me. 
So I have to be a retard to relate to you? I can use simpler words if you like. 
Back the fuck off Microchip Bwahahahahahahahahahh No! That niggers done shit you wouldn't even dream of. That's no way to talk about your mother. Get rekt, pleb. 
How cute, a Hitler-loving faggot that talks like a pretend thug. If you and your boyfriend weren't so busy compensating for your microjunk with your edgy online personas, you might've had time to extract your anal beads, or just squint through it to read enough of what Neon says to know he only tries to give his own take on what he sees. 
And to think. They traded the Irish for onions and paid top dollar for nigger slaves. Big mistake. 
Have you ever thought of trying nigger for Thanksgiving dinner? 
Look Ma! A nigger with his mouth open! 
Faggot shit 
He looks a right twat in those glasses, well he looks a right twat full stop. 
We don't give a rat's ass about Injuns. Fact. 
No Democrat does. 
Notice this punk. White Slave willing to die for Injuns, Semites, Hindus, and any other colored inferior he can cuck up to like a Bitch. This sort is the most Worthless Kind Alive. Since the coloreds think they are Subhumans. We see them as Traitors. White is all that matters. White. 
Stfu Pussy. Go Suck Nigger Dick. 
On behalf of the Uk. Please take this cunt back and whilst your at, you can have Harry too. Now he's shown his true colours 
I’m a white nationalist man, I don’t know what you expected. Most white nationalists would just have called you a nigger and been done with it, but I gave you many thoughtful responses. 
Leftists are all Sociopaths Pathological liars, Communists, Nazis, Fascists, Criminals, Rapists, Murderers, Pedophiles and Terrorists. 
Lol yr retarded 
Lol! You're a retarded Nazi Fascist with a little Commie dick up you're ass. 
Fucking Sjw Cunt! We Are Ready To Fight This Scum! 
Conservative white people built this country. It was liberals who began slaughtering the natives. We got along well with most early known tribes including the CHerokee. Straight white people produced this country. Faggot societies die out. Look at them, they are childless. Straight is good, color is fine. 
Aren't half her songs about ex-lovers? I'm betting she turns dyke if she hasn't already. No way a quality man would want anything to do with her. 
She should get life in prison. That's how this bullshit stops. Put this old twat in jail for a long stretch. 
Put this old twat in jail for a long stretch. I’d say it’s pretty stretched already. 
The left is so Retarded that they do a sign that actually reiterates exactly what the meme means! But they have No intelligence to figure that out! Lol Democrats are Retards! 
Here's how you use the ballot box. And it isn't Cantwell's retarded idea of voting unconditionally for the Gop. 
They have a bunch of little faggot Sjw's who do nothing but look for offensive posts then report them to Fascistbook to get people banned. 
Get this fucking faggot shit out of here. 
The Clinton Cunt Sold America To The Highest Bidders. She Is A TRAIToR To THIs Country And Should Be Deported To Haiti To Be With The Kids She Also Fucked Over. Let TheM Chop Her Fat Ass To Pieces. 
Notice how the Dems are not talking about or pushing for the release of the Fbi report. They read enough of it to know that no doubt all nine witnesses the Fbi interviewed said Ford was a drunken, whore, lying crazy fraudulent, cunt! 
Gender blending is totally retarded Bs fabricated to control an idiot population for easy rape & pillage. Liberals prove the point by being mentally ill. 
What kind of vision? Does she have a clue about his job? What his next career project is going to be? What they are going to do with his money? What vision? Ah, wait. I see it now - how to dress apparently, because men are too retarded to do that themselves. They built civilization, but they can't tie their shoes. Got it. 
That Cunt has got a lot to hide. 
I truly hate this globalist cunt Nikki Haley, even more than Hillary. 
I buy this shit by the case. Theirs prob some nigger in Middlesboro that fills these up in his bathtub for Coke. Double entendre right there did you catch it? Fawk Yeah! 
Check out this fucking arsehole on Tv this morning. 
Fuck him off to Israel. See how he gets on there. Cunt of a know-it-all! 
Someone needs to put this cunt out of our misery. Now. 
Supporting the white poppy over the red is so bloody insulting, if this cunt knew anything he’d realise that many men were handed White feathers to shame them into fighting, men died because of that. Yet Symon *jewish cough jewish* of course doesn’t give a 
To all of you here it's been a pleasure and I will continue to be your favourite faggot on the radical agenda hosted by Christopher Cantwell Mwf 5-7 pm. Christophercantwell. Com 
Packman is a faggot Jew. 
She Lives With The Toxic Nigger & His Tranny In Their $8 Million Dc Lair Dont Think For Even A Minute That They Are Not Behind All Of This 
That steering committee faggot better. But then again, I doubt we will 2 peat on the Senate side. Now if it clears the house by Nov 6, is an entire other thing. 
Turdicusthe Turd Nigger! 
Jumped up mulatto democrat plantation houseboy 
When they start burning the hags in bags and neutering muzzie men, then I would say they had enough. 
I guess they aren't a "dead nigger storage" either. 
Well Jesus H. Christ in a tortilla, fucking Jews again. 
Subvert the north w chinks and cram nigger flesh from the south. Actually it's the plot line from the og red dawn film. 
Low cost housing, meaning they will pocket a majority of the money and put up dung huts for the masses! Lmao! Nigger will be a nigger to their own people, it's what they do! 
I’ll never be a boomer faggot 
Then dick twat gets reelected. Rip canada 
Trust the plan faggot 
This is your hollywood homo hero Hitler spent time at a gay hostel in Vienna and was both ‘homosexual and heterosexual’ with a ‘sadomasochistic nature’, 1943 Us intelligence report claims 
And the truth comes out. You were just a Jewish homosexual shill all along. You know that there are ethnically pure Europeans but you want to propagandise against them, pushing the idea everyone is mixed race. A little prodding and you start kvetching about Hitler. Fuck off kike. 
Rohm was killed because he wanted to come out of the closet. Rohm was hitlers boyfriend. Rohm was against the nazi penal code section 175 outlawing butt fucking. So Yes, hitler was a faggot 
Ohhhh it was just you again Marty Graw. Dude why don't you just let it go, we don't want you on Gab with your faggoty gay nazi fetish. 
The Meg was pretty based. An oil rig was turned into seaworld by a tattooed female engineer & it's structure didn't even hold up more than a few days after investors stopped by to look at investment. Even the 5day old wetback build bridge in Fl lasted longer. Also needed STR8 white man to save the day. 
Comical As Fucking Sht! What A Dumb AsS Bitch! Cunt Needs Some Jail Time! 
Looks like a nigger car to me. 
Tommy is promoting Col Richard Kemp the son of Israel who commanded our troops to slaughter the christian whites to protect the dirty fcking muslims in Bosnia - you need to check whose who. Dont take my word for it do your homework. Our soldiers arw being used by these cunts and Tommeh is surrounded by zio shills including Levant. Wake up 
Jews brought muzrats here and fougjt for their rights through Abe Foxman on Adl they are the media that slaughters Robinson then their brethen support him - its called a puppet show - who ate all the sausages Mr Crock. 
Muzzies start raping and killing girls where i live, we gonna have muzzie hunting parties 
This what fake new are going on about jelous cunt has I say he got friends and that s has English people not Muslim or Islam do you wonder why ever one hate the English s because we 
The Socialist Retard 
Hey cunt this isn't the kitchen. You may fuck off now. 
The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians. Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien. Drive them out of your lands before you. Based af. Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
Sand nigger, or hijeb whats the fucking difference 
By voting instead of trying to start war and being shot? You are either an idiot, or another one of the Muzzo shills/trolls. 
Trump will sort all these issues out, but he needs a Rep majority. If you are a normal person and a Patriot, you will do what you can to support Trump. If you are a muzzo, traitor or enemy of the people, you will do what you can to stop him. That simple. 
I fear Gab is becoming the next Twitter, due to subversion and spamming raids of boomers, shit libs and maga civic nationalists. Negros are Not Americans. They are Negros. 25% ad mixture of White Dna Does Not mean you are a distinct people. It means your a mongrel. 
Witey bad. Injins good. Witey survival bad. Non white extermination of wites good. The perfect retard npc, parroting communist horse shit. 
Nigger 
Activists File Title Ix Complaint Against Georgetown Professor Christine Fair over Her Call for Senator‘s Deaths, Castration Fuck Lawfare. Shove Her Own Tripe Down Her Throat & Just Kill Her. Ram A 3" Galvanized Pipe Up Dead Cunt After Its Done Vlad The Impaler 
Another nigger begging to be exterminated. 
Conversely, the overlap between people actually harmed by Stumpy's grandiose promises and people too retarded to use a computer is so small, there may not be enough of them for a class action lawsuit. 
And you are a faggot soy-boy. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
You deserved it! Nigger Whore! 
*pigsblood* Happy Halloween Takbir pig Allah Akbar hog entrails. "pigs" HaPPiGSY hAlLoWeEn! "Hmmmm. Me hungry for Sand Nigger Stew! OiNk, oInK, yum-yum. Crunch crunch- no part goes uneaten! " 
Did they finally cut that retard Artem Lobov? 
Pass my semen along, down your throat hole Cunt! 
Fuck The Racist Fascist Shitstain Trump And The Antiamerican Retarded Sheep Who Worship Him! Maga: build the wall and Throw Right Wing Filth Over It! Purge the fascist terrorist orange pigs from American soil! 
Coming from a Qanon retard that means. Absolutely nothing. 
Send this retarded asshole to jail and seize his asserts 
When your goal is to infiltrate websites just to post cartoon children when you aren't even banned for it elsewhere then cry about free speech when people see what you're doing, then declare you're going to invite all your friends to post even more of it, you aren't persecuted, you're just not getting what you want. Just like lefty faggots trying to indoctrinate children irl who cry "it's free speech, stop persecuting me for my sexuality! " You use the same brand of manipulation as child molesters while denying you're anything like them. 
Ok I'll try again just for you >be degenerate loli posters on gab >too retarded to read >not even banned on twitter >gab says fuck off >Reeeee We'Re An OPPReSSED Class! Everyone Invade! 
Beto is getting a shit ton of money from California billionaire retard Tom Steyer. 
How can anyone watch that and not see four retarded demons? If you know anyone buying that B'S stay far away as they are mentally ill ( family or not ) 
God it makes me ill people cheering for her. My fucking god people are fucking stupid, that heinous cunt should be publicly stoned to death 
Globalists are doing all this censorship in part to try to affect the midterm and 2020 elections. Personally I think even if there was no social media, no Wikileaks etc, Hillary would have still lost. She lost because she is such an unlikeable cunt ultimately. 
Nobody Wants blacks to be genetically inferior. That's Why they're niggers! If they Weren'T genetically inferior, there wouldn't be a nigger problem! That would be amazing! Unfortunately, half a century of wishes didn't fix the nigger problem. 
The Proud Boys were able to wrestle the streets of Portland away from the judeo-left even though the latter had home field advantage and a very sympathetic Mayor (Ted Wheeler. Theyre ready to charge into Berkeley, Manhattan (where Hillary got like 90% of the vote), and so on. Compare to some alt-rights retreating into autism and ironybro faggot shit. 
You ride strikers dick pretty hard huh faggot? 
And if your life is ruined by an unfounded accusation? Then what should the dishonest cunt who made the accusation? Shouldn’t we ruin their lives, by dragging them through the court system under perjury charges? I really hope this backfires on the Democrats and the midterms end up being red, because then we can get Jusge kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. 
"I'Ll Sit Out The Midterms. That'Ll Show 'Em! " Retarded normiecon take from a wignat. You wignats are a gift that keeps on giving. Lmao! 
Lol these faggots still with that wignat shit licking trumps nuts ricky vaughn was a faggot 
Fash Girl: you literally look like a stupid cunt. Why are we supposed to pretend you're a person because you wear a retarded arm band? 
Im voting for John James for michigan senate you fuckin retarded dems! How did that whole white nationalist propaganda work out for ya? How many millions if not billions were wasted on ya bullshit attempt to make my movement look racist, muhahahahhahahaaa 
You are not a serious person. You look white and if you committed a crime, like sending shit through the Us Mail the J-Left media would identify you as white. So, I have no reason to believe you. So, if hypothetically, I gave you the address of the local Synagogue, and you are actually a big enough retard to ship shit to it, you will be Id'd as a White. 
Yeah. Only retarded democrats think we have the money to keep Snap going. 
I'm surprise Justin didn't want him back in Canada with the rest of his jihadi mates. 
Everything Bubble Continues into Full Retard Mode. 
Cunt! 
Radical Communist Lesbo Faggot I hope gets executed. Barkin is an evil Pos just like all of them. She has appeared many times on the Depraved Channel aka Bravo Channel's Watch what happens live with Faggot Maggot Khazar Zionist Bastard Andy Cohen. They are all in the same Satanic Nest. Tic Toc their time is coming but just not soon enough to suit me. 
The sort of retarded post I would expect to see from a Women's Studies student. Most don't hate other races, that takes valuable energy from useful pursuiits. The people you are wagging your finger at want to see other races on the National Geographic channel, not destroying Western Civilisation. 
. If you are you're a flaming faggot queerbait nazi dickhead who don't have a clue about wtf is going on. 
Come, more than just the actual perps need to be arrested and punished for their crimes. Models/actors like the twat in the pic must answer for their offenses against the White race- 
I seriously doubt this useless nigger even knows what a communist is! She just thinks it's fashionable because some rag head bitch told her so! 
Who cares if hes a nazi? Shut up, faggot. No one cares if hes a nazi or not. Whats so wrong with being a nazi> you wouldn't care if he was literally a communist terrorist. So shut the fuck up, retard 
Pelosi deserved every shout that she is a "piece of shit". Good job. Cubans Rock! 
Anti-white traitor bought by jews to destroy America, a nigger communist who hates white ppl, and a fraudulent lunatic communist who pretends to be an indian. There fixed it for ya Bud. 
That lying Cunt Hillary Clinton! 
You are most definitely right. I understand andrew not wanting to do anything about them but this faggot spent all of last night using a bot to spam me. How is he on top of the bot stuff but sopkike is still here? 
This old fucking cunt Jew needs to hang and have her entire family gassed. 
I support hanging the nigger muslime obama hussein 
Dumb Cunt Bitch is a real threat to America! The Cunt has never accepted She Lost! Now it's Mob Rule! 
I don't give a fuck about abortion, but this retard is so fucking stupid. Posts the video of him kicking a woman as his argument against why he is in trouble. Visit his twitter and let him know just how stupid he is. 
The is strong with this one. He even calls Ben Shapiro (Jewish) a. This fag needs a new. 
What certainly seems clear is that the delusional Red Wave people need to be slapped hard and told to wake the fuck up. From what I've seen Democrats have been hard at work registering voters (and illegals), while the Big Tech Traitors are making sure millions of retarded teenagers will be ready to vote Democrat on election day. 
Maybe it's a bad bet but assuming these retarded teenagers are the same fucks who went out to vote for bernie they're just gonna stew in malcontent instead of get out a vote for some other randoms, unless said random is offering student loan forgiveness. 
"Leaking" Feinstein That is a great triple-purpose nickname for a feckless old cunt who is wearing Depends, who hired a Chinese spy on her staff and whose staff members have forwarded their buddies in the media the identities of those who've asked for anonymity. 
While Gab is still functioning I've placed my protonmail address in my bio if anyone wants to stay in contact after the website is (mercifully) sunset in a few days. Might start a profile elsewhere too, but for now feel free to send me a message even if it's just to call me a cunt 
If someone does not realize the Truth, this is it. White men Factually have built every proper society, and Jews have always been parasitical cancer. This is a Fact. The Racist Jews have brainwashed people of the opposite of the Truth, just like the Holohoax. Whatever the Jew accuseth, they are guilty. All wars are Jew wars and all genocides have been done by the askeNazi Jews. Nazi Jews father is the devil. People are jealous of white people and the Jew has inverted this! Give me your opinion of this truth. Attacks on the Truth will be met with authority. 
The Jewish Supremacist Media is who came up with this bulshit White supremacist garbage! There is no White supremacists, only Jewish Supremacists! Obviously all Jews are Racist Pigs correct? Can we at least agree that Jews are Retarded and complete inferior beings? 
Actually black guys rape 70-90 year old women, so it's entirely possible that if she were to go to a hood nigger infested area, she might be raped. 
I just think the old boomertards are wrong when they say "hurrr you're too ugly to get raped. " tell that to the great-grandmother who got raped and stabbed by the teenager. It's not unheard of in the diverse parts of town. 
Lets not forget this lying cunt that derailed a republican senate seat for more than one million dollars in payment. 
John Lennon - "Woman is the nigger of the World" 
Faggot 
The Goyim know why Jews fear Shariah law. Shariah condemns and Hangs homosexuals. Like they do in Iran to faggot Jews. 
I say Nigger often and all Whites must do the same. They are Not us. Niggers are despicable and degenerate ape-like filthy black beasts deserving of extreme hatred and contempt. Non-white vermin scum are Not Americans and Do Not belong in White Lands. White race traitors and degenerate jews compel a final solution. 
I would have divorced her ass too, hubby and family did the right thing. What a selfish evil twat 
The cunt may hang himself. Because he wont get away with it. Trust me. 
What a ho and a cunt 
*The Commie Faggot known as Dave Hogue. His official title 
The MAGAtards have turned an anti white nutjob nigger into a national hero. Even /ourguy Tucker was waxing poetic about Kanye. The Jews probably laugh their assess off when they see this 
A rarity. A Nigger with a brain. This is what we like to call an 'anomaly'. 
Gab has a bunch of new retarded liberals with negative scores, trying to bait high Iq individuals into posting Manifest Reality type responses, these people are stupid, 
The mail has gone full retard left since it was taken over. 
They were drunk and celebrating young men. Who gives a fuck? Also: It was Spencer'S retarded choice to invite the media into the event. (And he gave one of his usual gay, lisping speeches about "films" and philosophy and the dudes were looking to let off steam after his faggotry) 
Makes an intellectual argument and gets suspended but this person is still on twitter. "So whose [sic] gonna take one for the team and kill Kavanaugh? " Spooky Spam "@ lookitsSammm" 
Someone from the Secret Service needs to pay this wanker cunt a visit and give her a very serious talking-to. She's not being funny. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. Go home to Queenie. 
Somebody already tried that and he ended up shooting himself in the head and killing his missus and having petrol poured all over him and set alight so the Russians couldn't get his body apparently but the rumour is he made it to Argentina lived out his life Bono is a dick head globalist and an all-out cunt 
You can't last in a debate so you and your friends spam faggot porn and then go jerk eachother off and call everyone nazis, then when you get called out you deny it like we don't know what you're doing. This ends with you being banned you big gay. 
Does anyone really give a damn that another muzzie bit the dust at the hands of another muzzie in a muzzie country? 
Why does a jewish chick think it's her place to tell men about guns. Go fold some laundry or something 
Kike cunt 
Hang The Cunt 
Or an actual chick next yo a bull dyke and Mike 
Well. People just Need To Shoot Those Communist Bastards Who Try And Steal Ones Child Or ChildREN. Glad i'm not raising kids today, and back when those Communist Sob'S Started That FOrCE Busing Bs, I SToOD Up And My Son Wasn'T Bussed Across Our ToWN To Some Nigger School. Because i grabbed his Principle By The Stacking Swivel And ToLD Him I Would Whip His Ass Everyday Until He Got TYHe Fking Message. Of course he called the cops, they came to my home and i told them i Meant What I Said. They relayed this back to that Pussy Principle, and told him he had better listen, he did, end of problem, and Parents Need To Use FOrCE To End THis Bs ToDAY. 
Take Canada and America out of your tag. Jews hatched in the west are jews period. Al-jazeera is great. Bye cunt 
Awwwwww. Is faggot Palmer mad? Need a hug? 
Faggot report wants his followers to beat up old ladies. 
I checked. Lots of Nigger girls on this show. So, why did they pair a Nigger male with a White, blue-eyed blonde? This is disgusting racism. Perhaps if they wish to be truthful, they should show the Nigger raping the Blonde, yes? 
It's amazing how easily this kike cunt lies and tries to erase Bildos history. 
You are nothing but a fucking retard 
Vagina nigger fatigue 
I heard a rumour that back in her college days someone put some Uranium in Warren's Tampax as a prank. Here's the scary thing; if that is true, she is the worlds first nuclear powered dumb cunt and she can run forever and will never need refuelling. 
If you need help getting rid of the tranny porn I will volunteer to be a moderator. You need the help of Gab users to get rid of this sick shit. And before some moron says "But, muh free speech! " Posting Fairy Gay Faggot Tranny Porn Is Not Free Speech. 
It's not bad enough unwantedly has to infiltrate multiple aspects of our lives. Now that fucking Cunt is going to psycho analyzes us. Close & Delete Your accnts, chop fucking chop 
Get in faggot yids. 
Faggot nigger 
There is some kind of malformation in the nigger "brain" that makes it behave the way it does. 
- Why, thank you! That deserves not only a round of applause but a nice, wet smooch. Pucker up buddy boy. 
Hmmm, that sure looks a bit like Mr. Stephen McNallen. Are you trying to tell us something? Last but definitely not least, the only "dick" I like being fucked with is a girl with a strap-on. And I suspect so do you but you wouldn't dare admit it. <wink wink> 
Now He Is A Nigger Lover 
<cracks knuckles> I'm hoping this will be the one that will give me the much-needed trifecta. Arrivederci darlingO "Shut The Fuck Up" ~ Sisters Of Mercy 
Now I know you are a Dick sucking fag, what you think i am hot keep wanting to talk to me sorry You're not my type, And You like it when bitch's Shove dildos up your ass Lol 
Please please Please let this be the one! 
No you can't suck my Dick go away Fag 
<rubs hands and utters a prayer> Okay, it seems Gif's, an "old school" darkambient & tribal tune and the Sisters Of Mercy didn't score me a well-deserved hat trick. I think I know the one that will put me over the top. Hit it grrrrrrls. "Philosophy of The World" (full album) ~ The Shaggs 
Fuck That Retarded Looking Zio-Dickhead, A Plant If Ever There Was One 
Clearly the retarded one is you. 
Nigger murderer want's portrait of Lee removed from Virginia courthouse. 
Here's why being civil with a faggot leftist is a waste of time. He posted a few times, abandoned Gab, and only came back to taunt us. 
Yeah, the lying cunt only has a million so far! I really hope hackers take everything she owns. I hope shes victimized every day for the rest of her life! 
A nigger meets another moron 
8 trans porn spammers in less than 24 hours: Jill Henderson, Ron Steinburger, Nigger Hater, Jesus Saves, Jennifer, Kavanaugh Won! , Dindu Nuffin and Go Poz. I have no idea why I am included on the list. I never reported anyone or anything untill yesterday. @a @e 
The only reason it's bad optics is because the bombs were crude and non-functional and none of the targets were taken out. It'd be fantastic optics if Hillary and/or King Nigger got splattered by a real bomb. 
Carl Marx and Trotsky we're Jews the Bolshevik Revolution was lead by Jews. All the communist uprisings and revolutions in Europe we're lead by Jews. Hell communism in Cuba was started out of the main synagogue there, (Wich I think is the oldest in the new world. So no, this is all bullshit. 
Couldnt careless about kikes. But i damn sure get pissed off when a mofo hangs innocent man for a crime someone else commited and God Damn It You Sir Are Ready To Lynch Any Mofo For His Great Hrand Dads Crimes So Fuck Ur Hick Redneck Ass In Oregone! 
Fuck You Nigger 
Nigger duchess of sussex? 
The good news is being a nigger she will most likely be dead in a few years 
Cunt! 
Nope, you're just saying faggot stuff and clutching your pearls. Not an argument, faggot 
Cunt 
Nigger kids will grab everything out a candy container ppl leave out on halloween. 
A frustrated mudshark, the guy sounded black 
I wouldn't tell, a lot of retarded white guys talk like that too. Either way this bitch needs to be given to Isis as a sex slave or whatever. 
Journalists need to start turning up dead with swastika business cards stapled to their foreheads. 
Same study that said cunt hiLIARy would win 2016 
Dude, he's never gonna get it. This Johnny Rotten with Aids looking faggot is a 50+ year old oil driller in a leftist nation with no children to consider their future for. Also Britian is fucked, no Brexit and Muzzies keep pouring in and taking over while the Jew rubs his hands behind the scenes. 
Abbott dodges the question on using nuclear weapons. An utterly retarded cunt 
It is crazy. Especially like the redneck white trash folks they are like 100% in on Trump. It's so weird. Like he'd ever get caught dead hanging out with them at a backyard party drinking Bud Light and playing beer pong? He doesn't care about the poor, he's never been poor, but he's a good salesman I guess. 
No I'd say cunt 
I'd say no, you can't read too. If you could you'd have Googled Jews and Ethnicity before digging your hole. Top tip. Always fact check before you state facts. I do ) 
Jep, the Jews are the real Nazis. Typical faggot strategie Nobody buys that and the Jews profit because of the use of the term as a "demonic name" against Their enemies. 
Asinine. Even Texas has a gender X option for driver licenses. It should be Male, Female, Retarded 
If, tee, I had my choice of having my eye pried out of my skull with a rancid oyster shell or being in the near vicinity of a nigger cock, I would dig my eye out myself, both eyes as a gesture of my commitment. Face it, would you want to suck a nigger dick? 
Kick the cunt out 
Strange how they all loved him until he became President. Matt Couch. Even Oprah seems to be enjoying the white man's company and intellect. At what point did her oppression as a billionare slave in America turn into a genocidal urge to kill off the whites. These celebrities are quite the kick eh? 
Cya Retard 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
So, you’re really this stupid? Lmfao! I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles! And I Mean that, congratulations. Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents 
Yes, I get it! Your mother and sister and daughter are the same. I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad. Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
#Q Lol, there are people making asses of themselves while trying to continue one of the biggest, most easily disproven lies in history. Maybe it's because you love taking your (fellow white man's) schlong up your ass. 
Look, a Fresh dumbass who thinks the holocaust never happened! Damn, these people are so dumb. Fresh Steak is right, because that’s exactly what he and his family will be to me when the war breaks out! 
Look, a fresh faggot who likes to Larp as an impossibility, trying to be some imaginary communist version of Milo. It's so surreal that all you can do is literally attempt totry and pull your horseshit here, because daddy isn't coming to savr you. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Stupid brainwashed twat 
Fuck your new group cunt 
I thought it was because of all the faggots raised by single moms. The real truth is boomers won't give you their stuff and you are pitching a fit. Niggers explaining boomers are just, well, no surprise, niggers. It's the attitude stupid, just move on and make a life you fucking crybabies, no boomer cares about your crying, even true Whites. 
I had ancestors during that time, and probably left a big cum stain in the back of your mom's car. Yes, I am a new race, because the White race is at a fork. It's the start of a very eugenic time for whites. Anything else the triggered faggot generation needs to go all Village People about? 
Teams? The whole game of politics is a retarded merry-go-round. And guess who pushes it? 
This faggot loves night time in jail. Ask bubba. 
Demonrats are fairy gay faggot socialist bitches. 
I wonder what his white faggot whore thinks when he trashes him on world wide news media. 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
How white people should be responding to nigger incursions. 
I don't know if loliposters are animeright but since you're defending them I'm lumping you together because you're clearly connected. The only strawman is calling everyone a boomer like the retarded weeb you are. 
Shes not coming back. She already said that after the 2016 election cycle. Stop being retarded 
I noticed you followed me, then I realized you were a pathetic loser in life jealous jew hater. So I guess you are on the Muslims side because you have to choose. Jealousy will eat you up, get a life faggot 
Oh yeah! Forgot about those retarded comments. 
Kikenvermin - you need to be banned, bagel nigger. You and every kike on Earth. 
I'm an atheist, you Nazi retard. 
Aaaand - Israel's national Iq is nigger tier. 
Yeah but when im finally dead im still gonna be better than some dead dirty nigger i bet ill be an adorable thin little corpse with a nice wig and evrybody will want to line up to see me and ppl will cry and be like omg she looks so pretty i cant believe the jews would give such a pretty young friendly girl brain cancer its such a shame the holocost never really happened but when niggers die they stink so fucking bad they can’t even have an open casket they blame it on other reasons but the truth is the flies from under the skirts of all the female nigger fambly members go back and forth from the dead nigger and the stench is just awful u wouldn’t believe it 
Keep on the boomer nigger guys. Fuck him, he's nothing. We control the future. Ugly as that may get. 
What a goyim retard 
Whats needed for this coming invasion is another operation wetback 
Pedophile Alert: Watch the fake profiles he sets up using fake aliases with my face pictures pretending to be me with his prostitutes helping him Facebook/MorganKiro7 Instagram/MorganKiro7 Instagram/SilverLynn. Npc Instagram/MaryJMays trying to slander me 24/7 knowing he's caught doing the harassments and stalking. Gab. Com/L_Brewster The Pedophile that stalks me online and in person with his Pedophile helpers. Morgan G Palmer of Abilene, Texas MorganKiro7 his handle online and his work place at Kiro Seattle (Antifa Leftist Journalist) is behind the whole thing and where the private face pictures came from that only he had access to though it looks like he's altered them somehow. Same way he altered this alias L_Brewster 's profile picture. It's Ruth Pipe Gregor, woman in her 90's face but photo shopped onto another person's body. Her retarded 60+ year old daughter Janet is also one of them and in some of MorganKiro7 's catfish accounts posing for him heavily photoshopped and dressing the street prostitute like a teenager. You'll see Sue that used to work with Ruth before they both got fired on here talking to her Gab. Com/Sudreich that was the Janitor for the building and working with Ruth breaking in apartments and harassing tenants with her. Shag Seattle fired them both together. If you both would just tell on MorganKiro7 to the Seattle Police, maybe you'll get a deal when they finally arrest you all. He is the one that put you all up to this stalking and harassing for him along with the other street hookers like apt where the homosexual males Morgan has sex with hide? The woman that lives there lets them in the building and they drive around in one of Morgan's black cars. Isn't that right Ruth? Are you still dressing Janet up to look like me. Imagine she has to work harder on Aurora now that you got fired and she has no where to live. You're both mentally ill and retarded, I know how you kept messing up at work making mistakes and didn't know how to do your job, they would have fired you anyways. Hey Morgan? Why is your other prostitutes not helping you now that they're caught? You know, the other hookers you pay cash to for years to help you stalk me Instagram/SilverLynn. Npc the ugly tranny male and Instagram/MaryJMays - The trollop that works for the Nashville News Station now. They must be desperate for ratings hiding her knowing she's a mentally ill stalker. You sure like to call beautiful female's nasty names Morgan when you're the disgusting homosexual slut slash pedophile. I think i've told you many times to stay the hell away from me but you continually try and get my attention in person and online using fake alias accounts. Get help from a Hospital and leave me alone you ugly woman abuser. 
And anyone can go on your 4 Facebook pages and Instagram and see all your pics Begging for likes. Looking like a little girl. Asking for men to like you. Who's the dirty whore now? 
Who's the slut when you post pics like this Begging for likes over and over? You look like a nasty drag queen with all your photoshopped pics. 
Slut 
Hey Muzzie Let Me Shake Your Hand not your left one though. You havent learned how to use toilet paper yet. 
Maybe it's because she's a cunt 
That nigger better watch his ass if he comes here again. 
2 of them look retarded & two look like cheap used car salesmen 
Are you a neo nazi? I don't know for sure. Maybe you should be banned just in case. Yeah. See how that game is played? To these Commies, everyone right of Mao is literally Hitler even you. Unless you are actually a fucking Commie subversive. 
Are you fucking retarded? I am the exact opposite of a Nazi or a Commie. Fuck off you fucking leftist bitch. 
I am retarded. I am a Leftist. I am a bitch. Self discovery is so interesting and insightful. I'm learning so much about me from an outsider's perspective. Or is that outsider's projection? Silly me. Just too retarded to know for certain! 
Good Bye Nigger Lover. 
Jews are Whites. Jews are Europeans to their core. Kick out the Muzzie slime. Leave fellow Whites alone. 
Aww Jews are genetic cousins of that muzzie slime. Why would you do that to them, white jew man? 
Dude I have literally had long conversations that occupied my entire work day explaining Jewish power and supremacy in person. I would never had had the inclination or knowledge to do so if it had not been for people saying nigger on the internet. 
Trolling retard obama's hometown weeks before military tribunals is brilliant. 
Candace Owens eviscerates Cnn’s ‘racist’ display, challenges Lemon to debate conservative ‘token negroes’ Nigger owns Niggers. I love it. 
It's 2040AD, islamic trannies are smashing down doors and taking "racist extremists" to the re-education gulag. The racists are still disavowing each other and arguing about the best way to take power 
It's 2018AD, a vain faggot is aggressively starting shit with other nationalists and publicly demanding that Gab be taken down. Clueless randos accuse everybody responding to the unprovoked attacks of "infighting. " 
Loony cunt 
The Wikipedia link you shared merely confirmed what the meme I posted says. The bottom line is, Muslims are taught it's acceptable to lie to non Muslims. Everything is just blah blah, I don't give a shit for your minutiae Bs, go away. 
Sand nigger pedophile apologist yip 
Fuck this faggot 
Wtf? Did this cunt actually say that? 
Jews Murdered Ebba. Muslims were the instrument. Jewish immigration policy was how. Jews were the criminals. Europe has a muslim problem because it has a jewish problem. 
Lol, did you just say jews are the victims of muslims? Hello Poor Retarded Child, who do you think here in America is behind literally 99. 99% of the muslim immigration? Jewish Immigration "Organizations" and asshole kike politicians. You think it's any different in Europe? 
This faggot terorrist media guy needs some help seeing the light! Daniel dale Toronto star 
Fuck the faggots just beat an antifa retard if you see one 
Exactly. What part of that doesn't the Dumb fuckin' wetback get? 
I just want to say that if I don't respond to your comment, its not that I don't want to talk to you it's that I'm just socially retarded and stuff 
I'm becoming increasingly convinced that Mgtow is not only a pathetic form of White Sharia, but a form of homosexuality that is somehow more warped than the run-of-the-mill faggotry typically seen 
Says the whiny, bromancing faggot who offers not a single bit of legitimate argument, but instead circle-jerks with his mates in the same fashion as pit-haired Feminists while screeching and stomping your feet, and crying with what is tantamount to "No, u. " Genetic dead ends. Pathetic disgraces to what it is to be a man. 
Yeah I want these retarded idiots in charge 
What did this retard use to take the picture? Oh, a phone? Oh, it's a lie? Huh 
You reap what you sow Sad to see both of Trump's Scotus picks are borderline retarded if not outright hostile to him. 
Yes. And your mom is your dad, faggot x infinity! 
Here's your sign. Full Retard 
Jack, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Another nobama retard 
Allah does have greater plans for you Bend over touch your toes you're gonna enjoy the big black man up your arse Twat head 
Another win for the vast majority that don't buy into the faggot "lifestyle". Ashers 'gay cake' row: Bakers win Supreme Court appeal The Christian owners of a Northern Ireland bakery have won their appeal in the so-called "gay cake" discrimination case. 
So forcing a Jew bakery to make a swastika cake is out? Thanks short sighted niggers who lack the capacity for abstract thought. I bet none of you with agency got the Fucking Balls to use this ruling to fight the accommodations clause in the civil Rights act of 64. 
How about asking the jew bakery to make the cake in the shape of an oven. They'd have to put the oven in the oven. 
Look it's one retard talking to another retard. No you fucking tool it's not Checkers 
How fucking retarded can you be/act. 
Hey guys, I just got a call from a dirty stinkin Sand Nigger who told me there was a problem with my Microsoft program on my computer. The number is 855-557-0111. I called him back and asked if he was a dirty stinkin Sand Nigger and he hung up. Right now my son is posting a Craigslist ad for free beagle puppies at this number. Let's give the Nigger a Gab welcome! 
Look at this Commie Faggot from Facebook does it look like this idiot "works" day of the caravan can't come soon enough 
The dumb thing is that decentralization would solve all these problems. California could just be crazy and leave the rest of us alone but Noooo we have to control everything and make the whole country conform, those redneck Christians must Bow Down. 
Thankful they ran this updated story. Dumbfuck Warren Cunt proved it by taking the Dna test Lmao 
This is so fucking retarded I don’t even know where to start. 
Aids Infested Dead Faggot 
Freddy Faggot Mercury is not an Aids infested dead faggot? 
Breaking: Dems getting smoked in early voting in every state strongly implying a dominate election for TrumpublicansNow back to the retarded fake bom story on every channel 
Shame On Britain: Sixty-thousand British War veterans are ‘homeless’ While sixty million plus Moslims will be kipping in a nice council house tonight This government want stringing up? 
The brit goobermint is sucking muzzie dick 
The nigger says, "Reeeeeeeee, Trump be's Hitler and sheeeeeit! " 
Notice how Meeks has nothing to say about Black Nationalists, like Farrakhan. Or Nationalists in sub Saharan African countries. But let a White man say he's a Nationalist and the chimp out begins. 
Bismalah! That is the stupidest thing I have read all day. Pull Your Head Out Of Your Ass Boy. Piss On You And All Muzzie Pigs. 
And you’re a Nazi bastard! Now run along you national Socialist prick. 
Yea yea yea enjoy your muzzie m8s you National socialist prick. 
And yet there are large numbers of "pro life" idiots here on Gab who are constantly wailing about all the nigger fetuses that are aborted every year. If anything there should be more such abortions! 
Mentally retard assholes, need more max security mental hospitals 
He’s a twat 
Msn would hire a retarded writer like this to say some nonsense. So, basically, if you don't shave your eyebrows and paint them on like weird Hispanic girls, you are a bad person. Or this is some kind of jew hate dork stuff. 
Couldn't get past all the nigger babble 
We're shippin em back Lee, you retarded fuck. 
You have fun with that, nigger lover. 
A nigger with a kike name. That's the saddest thing I've ever heard. 
Boy ur sure willing to take them extremely fast huh? Maybe if we taught civics n the basics of the constitution in schools instead of Jewish bullshit. Then maybe ppl would know more. Ur a faggot willing to strip rights according to ur standards. 
The Jews expected a King who would set up a kingdom and vanquish (literally slaughter) all of their foes. Jesus' Kingdom is not of this world. Jesus said so himself. Jesus railed against Judaism and violated all of the tenets of the Jews. They killed him for it. Again, you are theologically retarded Emma. Good luck! 
Margaret Sanger should be canonized as a Saint! She tried to save white civilization from the nigger plague! 
Why is Trump letting a wacky celebutard Nigger cuss in the White House? Why are MAGApedes excited about a dusky minority who likes to be 'controversial' and has an Iq under 90? Why do White people, and Trump, continue to disappoint me? 
Somebody Shut That No Talent Cunt MILANo Up She Is Just Retarded And Has No Talent 
I always love how atheists never speak out against islam. I bet it has to do with the fact that the muzzie would beheading them 
Its the Uk. Their favorite thing to do is kiss muzzie ass. Fuck the Uk. If they ever need help for anything they can ask a muzzie 
Beware what you buy on e-bay because not all items listed are quite as they seem. They sell webcams that seem like high quality cheaply priced cameras but it is a ruse. They have lots of high comments because by either retarded people or bot accounts. You can't list a camera as 1080p when it only has a max resolution in the 200s and one frame per second. I hate liers. 
Listen cunt the only thick twat is you! Because l know! Jewish isnt a race! And you can convert so if your gonna quote shite be factual 
No cunt l got cross because you attacked and insulted me! I know what I'm talking about now fuck off you job jockey once to often you have tried abusing ppl when they pull you up on your Bs. I didn't attack you! You did me! The only thick cunt here is You 
See thats a sand nigger cock sucker right there 
Of course the dad looks like a faggot 
Taylor Swift was part of the me too movement last year. She destroyed a mans career because he accidentally touched her ass during a photo. She went full retard a long time ago. 
I don’t care about a dead reporter. I care that Trump is such a faggot about the Saudis & Israel. He’s continuing the same destructive path that was in place when he took office. Selling arms to sand niggers to blow each other up, then defending it by talking about job creation. The Saudis are doing Israel’s dirty work & we’re arming them. America & Europe are paying the price for all of this. 
Oh, no come back from the Nutzi faggot Lulz The pussy mutes ) 
Fuckin' faggot 
Faggot 
You're welcome. I hear you loud and clear on the leftist bullshit of twatter What I can't stand is to see the 'big' people come over here crying about their twat account. Wtf do they think we're here for? At some point you have to get the whole picture, prioritize your freedom over followers and embrace the departure from censorship. 
Poor thing. It must need acknowledgement in it's life. Must spend it's days feeling like an insecure cunt 
The link takes you to a subscribers only article page. Regardless, fuck the abos and their enablers. They’re literally retarded proto-humans. 
Fun fact 1: until the 60's abos were classed as native fauna fun fact 2: on one side of our coins we have the head of the queen and on the other side we have pictures of our native fauna question, whats on the fauna side of the $2 coin? 
I Totally Was, faggot 
And yes I think you were never truly a Christian, also you are a faggot who lacks all conviction. Isn't there some traffic you could play in, faggot! 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
The deep state Hates Trump but Trump loves the Deep State. W exposed the deep state more than All Other Sources Combined Q is part of the deep state Suck My Fuuking Dick You Fuvking Dill Weed Cock Wacker Jared is a friend You Are A Fucked Up Piece Of Arrogant Cunt Juice Fermented On A Radiator Till Alcohol 
If it was issued by the irish government under communist rule, then the jews issued it, retard 
Let the illegal beaners dilute the beaners already here. Viva La Wetback 
The Uk has gone full-on retard mode 
I’d like to slap some respect out of that cocky cunt 
Good! The Gop needs another obedient nigger for their sugar plantations! 
So now there have been Nine 'Bombs' that Never exploded sent to Democrats? The 'Bomb Maker' is either Retarded or this is all Staged! 
In situations like this look for a jew first 
Oh my own people can be fucking retarded in some aspects of politics. No question. Democracy overall is a sham that must be abolished. So don't take my comment as an attack on Americans in particular. This is just the most current/relevant topic. 
When people take Trazadone it makes them yawn loudly like retards. Quit drinking coffee instead, if you have trouble sleeping 
Oh k. I thought it was just sleeping pill but this makes more sense why people would go retarded on it instead of just go to sleep. Sometimes they like to save pills and crush and snort them 
Lol. You're just jealous because I would fuck every Nigger on the planet except your mom. 
1/ Put any leftist retard into a mosque or any gathering of Muslims where a prestigious imam is speaking - they will learn that a good servant of Allah never takes non-Muslims as friends, and they only move to Western countries to Infiltrate and Subvert Our Governments. 
Nigger is gone. Period end of Story. Find a New Drum. 
Nigger is not in power He is Gone. Have some perspective. Coons get obsessed like this. Try being White and Male. 
Fuck that useless nigger whore. If it comes to that, I quit. Fuck you, you can tax $0 at whatever rate you want cunt. 
Idiots vilifying the south. Look at haiti. Look at every nigger overrun area. - the south lived in the shadow if haiti massacres. North did not have majority nig populace. Lincoln was a pos warlord, piss on him. 
I"m talking about the "we love you! Nigger for ambassador" part Btw 
And about the most retarded tripe i have ever had to hear from the other room! 
Pretty sure after the 30th time its not really her poor choices in men and more her being a insufferable cunt 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
You need to grow your balls back and stand up for your race, white man. You sound like a faggot. 
Lmao the church is Jewish because it didn't allow polygamy and divorce and promoted celibacy until marriage. Typical white sharia faggot that blames his problems on women and the fact he can't get a partner instead of Jews. 
Kike shill faggot tries to promote a Twitter clone where free speech isn't allowed and anyone who disagrees with or criticizes Jews is banned 
What I said was perfectly self explanatory and evident. Be less of a brain dead retard and maybe you'll figure it out. 
Time for another Operation Wetback 2019 put bounty of $300 bucks for every illegal turned in & pass new law of Auto Deport. ITs time to get them out of here. Build the Wall. No more bilingual education. Shut down all Spanish tv & radio. 
Well answer the question twat waffle lol 
I totally agree, get out you traitor cunt, live with the nigger 
Pardon me, Miss Kelly, but u forgot to capitalize White and then u put a Biiig Capital A on apefrica so u may want to go on ahead and just click that edit tab before anyone else sees what a filthy niggerlover u are now dont u fuck with me again 
Fuk these nigger lovers give em hell emily i got your back. 
First off No One with pink hair and fake wild eyebrows should be teaching Any children especially retarded children. Her scary appearance alone would frighten most children. Calling for the killing of AnyOne should be reason for dismissal from Any job and followed by a court ordered psychiatric evaluation! 
Psst. Hey faggot. Learn to read. I said earliest memes. It’s ok. Be a good faggot and go hang out with the other retards. 
Einstein was a retarded plagerist. 
Lol your insults are like your ancestry, weak and gay. I'm not even sure how you're still here with all the ailments you're undoubtedly predisposed to. Also, you're bargaining. You have no way of knowing how the grace of God could spread via advanced technology. Or how many more leftshit faggots I could troll with a transdimensional platform. Think bigger. 
A "fairer" system that steals from those who work for what they have in order to give it to losers who don't. A "fairer" system that requires that real differences in ability (intelligence, strength, health) be ignored and everyone be given the exact same lowest common denominator Shit. Don't work hard, don't study hard, because it will come to nothing. Your earnings and property isn't yours, it belongs to some lazy retarded slag down the road. Fuck off. 
Gab isn't communist so you need to pay a tiny little bit per month to get the 3000 word limit. Musk cannot undo reality. Just like that Cortez twat in Ny cannot make reality go away on her desire for universal healthcare - her plan, and even Sen Sanders' Medicare for All plan, would cost $40 Trillion dollars. Just For The Healthcare. No amount of defense cuts, no amount of tax increases, can generate $40 Trillion dollars needed to provide every American (and they want to give it to non-citizen illegals too) with the same healthcare. Ubi is just more slapped on top of that! TrillionS of dollars to give people an unearned income. At what level? $5000/yr? That's a joke. $10, 000/yr? For Everyone? $20, 000/yr? Everyone put in poverty so we are all equally miserable and deprived. All of us in rags, all of us living in government supplied gray concrete hovels. That's not a socialist paradise, that is a perfect depiction of hell. 
I can’t believe this fucking retard is serious. How tiresome. 
Fucking idiot is an agoraphobic cunt 
All Democrats are Retarded and devoid of Facts! Democrats are human sewage! 
This little queer is so in love with me he is using my Picture he got off of 's Yt Page and trying to copy My Id smh gotta be an obsessed little faggot 
So, posting cartoon child porn is your "free expression"? Did you create it? Do you write stories of cartoon child porn? Or do you just want to post this filth? If you are just posting a picture someone else created, that's not Really a "Free Speech" argument for you, is it? And, what part of "against Tos" don't you get, you degenerate faggot? Btw: I notice You haven't paid for Pro or invested in Gab. You don't have any skin in this, except for maybe when you jack off to cartoon child porn, right? 
Yes. It's not just my free expression, it's everyone's, so that is a retarded way to put it as you clearly don't understand what freedom of expression means. I don't care about loli, just that @a is a lying fuckwit just like you. 
I see you are a "Nazi LARPer" as well as a cartoon child porn shill. Figures. Thanks for the pic. You sure are a Special little fag. 
Piece of trash? Maybe. But at least I don't advocate for cartoon child porn or be a degenerate Regressive Lefty faggot pretending to be a Nazi on Gab. You know what gives you away? Don't you know "Jews developed porn (and specifically child porn) to destroy goy societies"? You can't have it both ways, comrade. And now, I am laughing at you, fag. 
"Leftist faggot" lol whatever Boomer cuck. 
And there we are, Gabfam. Another child porn loving Regressive leftist faggot posing as a Nazi on Gab and whining about "muh Free Speech" while jacking off to loliporn. Exposing these mentally retarded degenerates is tiring, but well worth the effort. Going to have a celebratory beer and a smoke now. You're welcome, my beloved Gabfam! 
This dried up twat needs to go back to Hiroshima 1944 
You're a stupid faggot 
Nothing makes me feel like an old man more than thinking this generations ghetto music is pure, unadulterated shit. Get on board the synth and fashwave bandwagon you worshipers of the juden forced nigger music. 
God the 90s pop music was fucking bad, but to day it's mostly for retarded people. You don't need to sing rely good or play the guitar well or be a talented musician in today's world because there all faker then Milli Vanilli. 
So the anti-racist nigger in the woodpile argument. White people are white, it's not caused by location. 
What does genetics show? Isn't White a genetic idea and not a social or historical construct? But yes, history shows the ebb and flow of civilization and population displacements and migrations. All of which still doesn't change genetics. You agree if you are mixed race, you are not white, right? A nigger in Sweden isn't a Nordic part of the White race. 
30 seconds. Just give this ole Texas grandma an octagon and this ratchet raghead hoe for 30 seconds. 
I can imagine some Sand Nigger in Typical Full Black Garb, Squatting down Next to a Couple of Bags of Garbage, & some Brit comes along & Throws a Bag of Trash on him, Thinking he was one. The Bbc News would Spin it as a Racist Attack on islam & Arrest the Brit, unless the Muzzie Killed 'em 1st. 
Lmfao. The entire arena is full asshat. Shame you’re presenting a picture as ppl r filing in. You’re such a pathetic used cunt 
The crazy train just kept running over this cunt over and over and over. 
I hear Ya Captain, Not only Ugly, But to disguies the Creeps, Is Flat out Retarded @! Ahhh, your Honor, this is the perp - Get the Hell Out @! 
The Un? Wow a joke just like socialist retarded fools 
Because they're a bunch of cunts. Thank god for Gab. If I said Cunt on twitter, I would be blocked in some way, shape or form. 
White nationalism: Get out of our country. Nigger nationalism: Gibs me dat! 
Dude, it's the john lennon's "imagine" political and spiritual theory of life. It's exactly why our nations are turning into shitholes while they sit around turning everything into an argument about money and rights. Nothing ever about duty, honour or the future - unless they are trying to tell You what they think YouR duty is or what You should be doing that's honourable. And the only future they care about is what Dow futures looks like. 
Why are little faggots still crying to mommy & daddy to change their diapers & blaming someone else for shitting themselves you have no idea what those days were like & haven't done a god damn thing but bitch. 
Lol. You are still bitching about fighting communists. We're now fighting them in western nations because you failed time and again. The faggots, Jews and women ran that war into the ground. Just like they are trying to do now to the entire western world. And you people have let them do it time and again. "We can vote our way out of this" said the cuck once again as he tolerated pedophiles in the media, faggots teaching their kids "normality" and flat out brainwashing in schools. You make me sick. 
Lol. Were you in Charlottesville? Berkeley? No I don't fucking think so. Instead you're sitting back playing armchair general wondering why it is that you let all these kikes into the country - and just about turned them into deities in your own minds and wonder why the Usa looks more like the Ussr used to. You're so pathetic in your ignorance in understanding that above point that it shocks most of us to our core. We have realised through this exactly how empty of anything useful your generation actually are. For all your so-called libertarian ideals you can't even run a decent economy and think money-printing is the way to go. We can hardly believe what we're looking at. 
Go be a faggot somewhere else. God look at you. You can smell the old spice and stupid from through the photo. 
That's all you got faggot; adios & eat shit 
"We got fat and happy through ramping up the debt and we're being overrun by communists, but hey I was There Man. " Good job *applause* The worst kind of stupid boomer is the one who was "There Man" so you can't point out that merely Being There doesn't count for shit. You have to actually Win. 
So if Trump loses, he's a loser? He's a winner b/c, unlike your useless ass, he stood up. 
Mike mac the Google Plus bottom feeder made another account calling the Iron Patriot names behind his back. Typical retarded fucker Mike Mac is. 
A lot of the born again Christian women are turning into nigger fuckers these days. Christian families in general are always adopting niggers from Africa and junk like that too. It’s terrible. 
God, I hate this mulatto bitch! What a narcissistic, attention-seeking cunt to announce your pregnancy at somone else's wedding? Horrible, nasty little bitch! Read on Uk Newspapers 
Nigger 
Nigger Shiksa. 
Lol faggot on a girls bike. No surprise 
I hate Ellen. Dyke lesbians that want to be men are the worst type of lesbian. 
Ellen is salty because her insurance wouldn't cover her addadicktome. 
This is what happens when faggot niggers like Don Lemmon disrespects his own race. Does he also hate his White boyfriend? I'm just curious. 
An ex speaks with conviction of her personal experiences of and, and lauds British values and its Judeo-Christian at 's national conference. 
Fuck britainstan 
Are you a faggot like most brit men? Or are you a wannabe faggot like the rest of brit men. Blah, blah, blah, the brits are fucking assholes and next time your faggot ass needs saving, We Aren'T Coming. 
So why are you so jealous of white people that you have to be so racist? Obviously I understand your jealousy simply because I know I am superior to you since I am not a despicable filthy Racist like you! You obviously feel inferior and understandably so. Your intellectually capacity is quite low. You are obviously morally degenerate by pushing filthy images around as that is the mark of the Retarded lower classes like yourself. Other races Iq are always lower. You epitomize this inferiority complex! 
I'm not against jews, but this is Bs "aren't we all human beings (I know, it's hard to believe George Soros is human? " This phrase is a stupid ass Mexican Invasion supporting thing 2 say. Murderers, Japs ie WW2, etc r all human beings 2 & we kill em. Your either & Mex/Invasion supporter, a Dem-Commie supporter, or just a cunt talk'n stupid cunt talk or all of em 
Strangle Spangle from redneck country with No Brains or cojones. Impotent above and below your Waistline. You Are A Wasted Piece Of Shit! 
Here, This One'S 4 You Guys Teh Death Of The Retarded 4 fun Cunts Watch Before YouTUBE Discovers The Title Exists Before Youtube bothers to watch the video. Hohoho [backing up soon, to Gab, Bitchute, etc] 
Well I didn't have any kids so that's hypothetical, I'd have had them in my 20s and I'm 60 now. Every time I got close to a girl some cunt fucked it up so I gave up on love at 35, 15 years later I met Maria and she was refused a visa four years later in 2012 so fuck life! , I look forward to dying. 
How is anything I said "de-platforming"? Also, before you answer that, I don't care if someone is "de-platformed. " The First Amendment doesn't guarantee you a "platform. " Only retarded faggots think it does. Are you a retarded faggot? 
They only have lefties who are brainwashed retarded on Twitter. They cannot intellectually debate, only character assassinate. They are complete Npc's and have no intelligence. This is a Fact and none of them can actually understand what a Fact is! 
Sand nigger is a sand nigger 
Amy fatass is a rabbit faced nigger lovin skank! 
And yet the lying cunt Ford had her Facebook disappear. 
Some stupid retarded old toothless white bitch saying shit about me right on my face in the bus. Next time she ever opens her mouth, I'll beat the retarded off her. 
Dumb nigger 
Must be a retarded lefty! Did your mother make the Wrong Choice! All Democrats are human sewage! 
Fucking faggot 
That dude is a fucking retarded nigger. He gets so mad he threatens to rape and kill you if you are a woman. It was funny making him mad. Lol 
I am a caucasian terrorist nigger according to him. Tbh, i think he doesn't know what any word that is more than 3 letters long means. 
Nah he is just a nigger. Which means he is profoundly retarded Isn't that right 
>you don’t like people who don’t want to unite with niggers and muslims You mean Jews? They use nigs and muds against White Goyim. And these shitskins are too stupid to control themselfs. Who created Naacp, the "main nigger advocate organization"? 
Retarded 
Shaykha is just another ass backwards muzzie Pos. 
Lol, white supremacists got mad that I was calling them faggots, so one of them made a new account ) and is now trying to troll me. Bonus: I get to call him a faggot againD 
So anyone who is against using the term faggot and who doesn't see being gay as negative must therefore be gay! Lol. Are you really thatnarrow minded? 
I support the conviction of whoever made this retarded boomer meme that I see every day 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Speak English sand nigger lover 
Look at this retards shitpost! He is serious! Hysterical! The new liberal logo 
This is a lame post and Im not a trump supporter quit being so stupid. You're making the rest of us look retarded! 
He Is A Lying Nigger For THe Left. 
When a monkey fucks a nigger 
The Future Is Female t shirt on WETback Wtf 
What in fuck is that thing? Is it even fucking human? Some kind of nigger jew half orc breed. 
It's precious gifts, stupid shit, and no one wants your Slavic, allied kike blood. 
Lol, Slavs are White and we shall remain White. And our lands are White and will remain White. Your Germany has become public toilet for any and all subhumans. Because you are dumb and kiked and your government, slaves of kikes have allowed it. And now German 'right wing' AfD has 'jewish section' To coordinate next phase of 'Refugees welcome' I guess Loser. Lol 
You are both retarded Jew puppets. Meds are the true master race. You Germanic/Slavic/Nordic men will be relocated and your women will be given to us meds to breed a new, superior race. 
Democrats are the lowest form of life on the planet. Trump was preceded by a faggot muzzie and a rapist 
Only a faggot would try it. 
Cunt Nikki Hayley has resigned. Trump had better not give her another position. 
That shitskin has no place anywhere near the levers of power in a White country. 
That Indian should have resigned on Columbus Day. I know. Wrong Indian. But what’s with her? Is her mother a kike? Why’s she so gung ho for IsraHell? 
What are you some kind of mudshark? 
Why, because I asked you if you were a nigger lover? You did say a big pack of niggers was good looking. 
911 did it for me, but I believed the bullshit right away. Many questions after that. But when I had a nephew tell me he was a Retarded Democrat I had had enough! Then every rabbit hole had a filthy Jew attached. The inversion became extremely clear then! 
I will let you know if I get hit again with that fairy gay faggot tranny porn shit. 
Cowards with a fem faggot leader 
Did I already mention that the van in which that spic supposedly lived looks as if it came right out of the Fbi's motorpool? 
*Wee Paddy is in the English class at school* Teacher: "Paddy, I want you to give me a sentence containing the word 'contagious' Paddy: "My Mammy says she won't let my Daddy mow the lawn anymore, because she says it takes the cunt ages" 
Crackhead Nigger Doggy Dog smacks his gums over Kanye West support for Trump 
Yeah, she looks like you slide your dick into that and she is stealing it for herself. 
Gay Dem Plantation Nigger This Is Cnn=> Don Lemon Brings Up Kanye West’s Deceased Mother to Criticize Trump Meeting (Video) 
Poor Donny, He's mad because he is still stuck on the democratic plantation. Who's really the nigger now Don? You racist piece of shit. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Are you seriously criticising the Rocky Horror Picture Show? Not only is it a well-crafted piece of musical theater, but it- as something that will probably be banned soon enough for making fun of trannies- was never shown to children as originally created. Unlke the faggot shit nowadays. 
Juan Williams is a fucking retard who eats lead paint chips and refused to let his wife buy a gun after she was Carjacked. 
Yeah I always find it hilarious how you normie conservatives do these impressive mental gymnastics to justify your hatred of people who, the extent of their "racism" is shitposting about how they hate the behavior of your average nigger (which you prolly agree with) yet you also get to worship the founding fathers who literally owned niggers as slaves 
Right so like I said, you want to have your cake and eat it too with this whole "patriotic" anti-racist sentiment of yours. This is why no one takes you retards seriously. Either you denounce the founding fathers for their racist practice of owning niggers as slaves or you've lost the moral high ground to lecture people for their racism. It's very simple. 
IIt's a bit ironic that the patriarchy allowed Jewish supremacy and before Jewish supremacy, we had no feminism. Mgtow is also ironic because it's a group of feminist men who claim to hate feminism. I really believe that a guy who blames women for the failure of the patriarchy is just a Yiddish troll. But, I kind of expected trolls, so, carry on. 
Fat ugly dyke gives birth and that's how we got Mgtow, you're the rejects of society. 
Nwa = Niggers with an attitude. Making family movies. What a fucking scam. He is still a nigger with an attitude 
There's a Lot of that Nigger Nonsense going around. 
Whenever nay saying faggots say you can't best the govt w force, lookie here! A gaggle of cameras and nigger flesh and they're still trying to decide how to cope. 
Trump = Jewish Trump = Zionist Trump = Israel First Americans = retarded 
It isn't woke, tho. It went lieberal bullshit. Female doctor and last year had nigger assistant. Fuck them, not interested. 
Trump fucked these, he had his own way. If that cunt had won the election the Us would be going the same way as the Uk. 
Don't break the laws of Halloween! Or go to jail kids! Next ordinance will ban certain costumes as "sexist", "racist", "homophobic", "Islamophobic", or "cultural appropriation". Of course, if you stick to basics you are safe: Halloween Should be ghosts, goblins, skeletons, vampires (does this "offend" goths or one of the 50+ genders), etc. Scary shit, not retarded cartoon characters. 
So dressing as a muzzie suicide bomber or Ms-13 member is out? 
Canadian bacon sucks sand niggers cock 
Correct, sorry I generalized like that. That entire province of sand nigger heaven should be nuked. Sand niggers are going to be trouble 
"This guy"? You mean your alt account? You've got to be one retarded fucking Nazi to think that you "roasted" me in any way by spouting a bunch of left-wing racist conspiritard bullshit. 
He's the nigger in Trump's woodpile 
Stfu faggot 
Yeah right, lying Muzzie trash! 
Nationalism gives the individual a voice in the world and an identity. It also gives citizens economic power. Something a soulless commie like yourself wouldn't understand. Collectivism steals from the productive and gives it to the unproductive. 
Retard logic. You're educated beyond your intelligence, Eric. A nation is a group of people with the same vested interests. Nice try though. 
They are 0 for 2 with this whole stopping a plane to save a Muzzie crap. 
Want to see how retarded our universities have become, this is a must see 
Based nigger Smiles Near computer 
This faggot keeps tagging people and asking to be left alone. I am sure you would like to continue to make your completely fallacious statements without anyone to smash your bullshit. Not happening, little bitch. Run along back to your safe space. 
Jonny tells his dad after school, that his teacher told him that he was to ask his dad to tell him the difference between a cunt & a vagina. Dad pulls out a dirty mag with Allyssa Milano centerfold, & circles the cooch and says that’s a vagina ok dad what’s a cunt? Everything outside the circle. 
Some fucking retarded Qanon boomer loses his shit and commits a shooting at a synagogue We need a solution to the boomer question, Now 
Suing the Nhs for millions proved youre king cunt branson 
Or we could primary out the cucks, close the borders, deport the illegals, then cut a deal with the black caucus - reparations in exchance for Mass Revocation Of Citizenship for all non-African post-1965 immigrants and their descendents. 
Lol would you like your own personal unicorn to go along with this fantasy of yours? 
You've seen v for vendetta too many times. We have a far better chance of forming militias that will actually be ready to weather the storm when this multiculturalist shithole collapses then we'll ever have of getting the Gop to do right by us. But you Want to preserve the status quo cuz just like everyone else you're vested in it. 
Everyone who likes running water and power is vested. 
Well it's predictable that niggers are gonna rape and murder everyone you care about if we don't start lynching them again but frankly your refusal to not only do, but even advocate for what's necessary leaves me with no sympathy for you 
Your over the top dystopian view of life in the Us in 2018 explains your desperation. Crime is considerably lower today than it was in 1990. Leave your gloom and doom echo chamber and smell the roses. 
Nice leftist talking point. I can't walk down the street witho fear that some nigger will attack me for looking at him the wrong way and that I'll go to prison for the rest of my life when the all nigger jury convicts me of a hate crime regardless of how justifiable my use of force may have been. So tell me more about what great shape America and my liberties are in. 
What the fuck is wrong with you? Do you take meds for your delusional hysteria? I lived in St. John's Parish in Southern Louisiana and I never had that much fear. Violent crime is dropping nationwide and only increasing in ghetto centers in the most populated cities in the country. Where do you live to suffer such hysterics? 
Oh just the nation's capital. It's 2018 and I'm right wing retard. You honestly think the national crime rate changes a goddamned thing about my situation? Y'all are in for such a major surprise when this shit finally hits you. This is why I'm unironically in favor of forced integration nationwide. 
Leftist retard 
Retarded pedo shills should go away, but pedo s keep paying the likes of microtard. Gab shadow bans me, because I go after retarded shills like wictor And buttchip. 
If it's gonna be democrats or fuckin cunts who are gonna keep their 1% of dumb cunts on top ruling the world shitti and passing all over the dying and starving what does politics help of you cunt Jew inbred Rothschild swine rule forever 
If I thought I'd get viddya in prison I'd fake almost anything except nigger love. 
Hey Nazi’s, you know hitler didn’t believe in the second amendment, right? So, have you given up your arms yet, and are you ready to be under state owned enslavement? Both of these guys were selling an absolute lie, from which they, their friends, and comrades benefited greatly! 
Bye faggot 
Lying Fuck Nigger! 
The handwriting screams a negro wrote this. 
But maybe it was a mistake and they meant black people don’t tip? 
First lesson I learned as waitstaff; blacks do not tip! This was substantiated over years of being in the industry (I can count on 1 hand the number of times blacks tipped. 
You just keep at it dont ya good little muzzie sympathizer Now go fetch bitch 
Centre-right. Like millions of decent folk ) 
Actually, he identifies as a jewish supremacist whose main ideological positions are anti-White hatred & toxic semitism. He's not really that concerned with economic and social issues beyond attacking Whitey. He denies any semitic heritage, & claims that his motivation is self-hatred, driven by internalization of systemic semitism 
Um! I see a lot of words there, designed to confuse. But when they are all added up the opposite side of the = reads zero. This must be because you can't post a single anti-white post of mine and wish to muddy the waters so you don't look like a twat for the 5th time. Yes! 
Your desperate, flailing attempt to distract from your anti-White hatred by babbling incoherently about irrelevant economic issues is duly noted. Sad! 
Never hate your enemy. Hate is an emotional response. Emotion can affect your aim. Love your enemy and squeeze, don't pull. ~this has been a Psa 
Omg faggot I actually hate you and wish I could kick your face in. 
I bet you're not faggot 
Hes the worst terrorist faggot in the world 
What is "black, " faggot? 
This is why you're going feet first into the woodchipper, you anti-White piece if shit (This kike always asks "what is White" whenever anyone has the caucacity to suggest that maybe White people should band together being as how we're being attacked from all sides, yet he has no problem deciphering what "black" means) 
No mercy, kike. You & everyone you care about are gonna fucking die painful, miserable deaths in concentration camps (whether by our force or theirs) & it's all cuz you can't bring yourselves to actually practice the standards you preach & oppose all racism from all peoples equally. I hope your family understands how much your fake values meant to you. 
Everything is about race. Only liars and Jews say it isn't. Nigger lover. 
Seems like an investigation is in order. They may just find that the guy is a cunt with a stupid mouth or he was drunk. But it still needs looking into. 
Top Congressional Democrat: We’re Going to Investigate Kavanaugh If He’s Confirmed The House Will Have To (Video) These subversive Communists are using the same exact playbook they have been using for the Russia Lie. No real evidence what so ever, just a manipulative feminist Cunt reading from a script accusing an honorable man of a ludicrous claim. Of course he is guilty in the eyes of these Cultural Marxist indoctrinated swine. In their eyes whites and especially white males are the enemy. At the same time they are alienating even more of their base, some of actually coming to their senses and seeing how evil and wicked these dishonorable swine are. 
I'm an Alabama nigger an I wanna be free. 
I've been assured repeatedly that the Mooslime invasion was done totally at the behest of Joooooos. Are the people saying that liars or propagandists? Or maybe they don't mean Jews when they say Jews? Or did this raghead not get the memo? 
Without Stem we get nigger infested Africa. And not even Africans want to live in Africa. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Dead faggot 
Well Jim didn’t really seem to want to go after the Alt Right but being the high Iq galaxy brains they are, they found a way to get him to Btfo them. Good job guys, you’re all really smart people and don’t come off like spaghetti spilling fags. 
Is this about the Dio faggot, or did something else happen? 
Well I presume that this is mostly a particular retard complaining about Jim then, most in the alt-right will likely cut the guy some slack for having HaPA babies. 
Or a faggot like you? 
You spelt ‘cunt’ wrong 
You spell cunt correctly this way. (Muhammad, Allah, Muslim, Jihadists) Don't quote me on that 
Cnn= crazy nigger network 
So how did all that chicanery work out for you? If you hadn’t cooked up this whack job charade, you might have pulled this off. Like most liars, however, you went too far. Your entire fetid career died on this hill. 
You never go full retard 
Btw, you sound like a super faggot. I bet you love sucking nigger cock. 
Get The Fuck Out TheRE And Vote Red! Our Survival Depends On It! Fuck All Faggot Liberals, TheY Should All Eat SHIt And Die! 
- Sen. Chuck Schumer announced in June 2018 that his dyke daughter, Alison, will be marrying her dyke fiancée, Elizabeth Weiland. The perverted female couple plan to walk down the aisle in Nov. 
Cheney's daughter is a dyke too. 
And the Pos is a ziopuppet as well 
I usually dont do this, but im going to mute you, you just come across as your average Murica loving civnat troll faggot that we just dont need, good luck at the rahowa, go eat a bullet 
Feminist Nigger Brown woman Oh look, they have remembered a white man, way at the back. 
Police State Britain: a stain on humanity. When a country gives you 12 months for putting bacon on a mosque, that is bad. But when a muslim shitstain kills you in prison for putting bacon on a mosque, then you are a communist regime. There is No - Torrance, love and peace in Islam. Just hate. 
In. 
Wypipos won't be forced to accept groids' little overused ghetto slang like 'finna' as legitimate Oed-certified words. 
What is scary is 6248 retards on Twatter 'liked' this retarded rant. 
The new users who are smart enough to understand the tranny porn spammer is a psyop will not be ran off by his stupidity. Backend features were recently added to kick the tranny faggot in the teeth. Are you still receiving their Bs posts daily? No need to send me an example, I was targeted in the original spam list and got sent every one. If you see them send me a name. 
Spic 
Crosses for one. Pikes for the other. Together they shall make a forest. A large forest that will be viewable from space and that shall feed the earth plenty. A united offense against the Destroyer races. The ones who drag back humanity with their vile dogma's that are inferior in every way to the ones that the Builder races have constructed 
Oh look what the destroyer races did to the White Race! It's what happens when the White Race becomes the pussy race. It has no one to blame but itself. 
It is actually a fair representation of you Nazi Larp'ers. Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew turned the White man into pussies! The Jews did it! Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew. 
And we're back to. Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew turned the White man into pussies! The Jews did it! Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew. Super-duper Jew power with super-secret Jewdi Mind Control has taken over the White Race! Jew. Jew. Jew. Jew. Because White people can't be stupid in and of themselves. It's the {{{Jews}}}! 
Did I say it was entirely due to the Jews? No, I said not more than 2 posts ago " All of it is just a symptom of our growing weak and soft. We have become wrapped up in delusions from the end of the Enlightenment. It's time for new Order. " Seriously is no one literate on here? But given your sperg comments, I think so. 
Meh. It's always like riding the carousal with you Nazi Larp'ers. Can't even follow the train of their own thoughts. 
Or you just may mirror that Gif you keep posting more than you think if you can't follow a basic conversation or read posts with less than 300 characters. Maybe try Twitter, they only allow 280, which is 20 fewer characters! Should be easier for you to follow. I tried to make this comment shorter for you as well ) 
Meh. Jews. Jews. Jews. It's Jews. Jews. Jews. That is pretty much what you are about. 
2% of the population is down to 1/3 supreme court justices. Sure, it could be a coincidence. The alternative would be that you are too naïve or D-U-M-B. 
Exactly! That is what you keep saying. Because you're a fucking retard who is upset that I did not answer your question in your preconceived notion of how I should have answered it. So you continue frothing at the mouth trying to prove. "No! Really! I is smart. Me no retard! " 
Yeah but i just snorted it like 10 minutes ago so it takes a while to really kick in when it does ur gonna see nigger bashing the likes of which mere NPCs have never imagined possible 
Faggot piano music makes major bad decisions seem palpable 
Ha ha ha is so retarded that he would have to work hard to be upgraded to the rank of stupid people. 
"Nancy Pelosi Aims To Take Away Firearm Freedoms In Six Ways" Isn't that how she takes nigger and spic dicks too? In six-ways? 
White Votes Matter. Fuck Off Faggot Kikesucker 
Fuck you and die. Kikesucker. 
Neither is being a faggot in high heels. 
David hogue is a faggot 
The second Pret a Manger customer died after eating - a " super veg Rainbow flat bread " that was supposed to be dairy free. " eat faggot bread + die ". 
I see people on the right accepting fags and dykes but I'll never do it. I hate them. Why should I like everyone? Why is this now so taboo? It's like now you're a horrible person and this is some crime! Marxism really has forced this crap on society. 
You're a retard who doesn't know what marxism is. 
Okay, stop calling it cultural marxism. It has Nothing to do with marxism. Nothing. It's a slander campaign used by retarded alt lite faggots like you to conflate the economic left and liberals. 
Shut the fuck up. Has the thought occured that he deleted his posts? That faggot is just another subversive piece of trash now fucking kill yourself. 
Soros Funded Transports for the Filthy Zombie Spic Horde invasion of America. Those Boat Transports of Zombies are also Funded by the Globalist Jew World Odor. 
The definition of a thick cunt would be wanking off thinking all accounts called Wolf are a bloke called Sean. 
Yeah, start with the faggot on your left. 
Freak, so are you obese then? ) Lol! 
One. I Am The One (1. ) Lol! +1 (Neo) 
Image LARPing online as a shitty character from a terrible low-iq normiefag 90's pop sci-fi in the current year. 
I would say that you're a faggot! 
Damn, you are a faggoteek: +1 (Neo) 
Faggot, of course you have always been a faggot. That fact is now obvious. +1 (Neo) 
Faggot, you will always be in the closet. +1 (Neo) 
You just called somebody a faggot and then you said that they will always be in the closet but you have a profile picture of a gay man in the closet, are you trying to make this easy? 
So are you the picture of a gay man in the closet? +1 (Neo) 
I wish I was gay, I would get laid a lot more, try being a conservative man with a fohawk at Starbucks, let me tell you brother it is Slim Pickens 
Of course you do, so no wonder you are here at Gab just to collect negative points! Lol! +1 (Neo) 
I don't know how this point system works, but if you gave me a plus I'm pretty sure it would be a negative on my overall score, so do your worst chump 
Well, you don't seem to know much. Newbies like you need to know who to pick their fights with here at Gab. ) Lol! Most Gabbers are smart and can immediately smell a damn rattongue: +1 (Neo) 
Dumb Cunt Wears A Strap On! No Respect! 
Nigger 
Right wingers are vile retarded terrorist pigs. 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
I voted for Trump. The only other option was a drunk who put our National Security at risk. Why "Retards" would nominate/run such a person as their Presidential candidate. President Donald J Trump. The wrecking ball of establishment politics. 
You’re the retard following trumpyou’re so stupid you make Down syndrome patients look smart 
There were a lot of people taking credit retrospectively. Nobody voted for them, they had no influence. They are only coat tail riders. Tfb, typical faggot behavior, trying to stick their dick up someone's ass. 
Internet nazis- >Posts derogatory, retarded ass bullshit at people who don't want to talk to them. Cries like little bitches when someone shows them something they don't like. >Trolls other people's shit, cries about "muh free speech" when it gets removed from groups they aren't welcome in. Vigorously polices their own groups for things they don't like. 
It's obviously a parody you fuckin retard 
Fuck off twat 
She ran her cunt mouth a bit too much and blamed her fellow jews for Bad Orange Man instead of fellow white people 
Token Negro? So on our census forms we went from Negro to Black to African American & now we're back to Negro again after 50 years, Wtf Cnn? I wish these Black Liberals would pick a name & stick with it, it's costing a fortune reprinting all these government forms. 
How about Nigger? They haven't accepted that yet, but that's what whitey calls 'em and that's what they call each other. 
Oh Waow You Got Me I Want To Move To Country With Spyware DEVELOPMeNT Offices And Fag Pride Parade Not Country With F-14 Spare Parts Production Line And FagS Thrown Off ROOFToPS 
Imagine having the choice between living in a 100x scale Kiryas Joel- but with more inbred and retarded Jews- and a real country with plentiful Fn FALs and thik West African hotties- and choosing the former. 
And this faggot didn't immediately start swinging on anyone, what trash, but I'm the retard because I think we should murder employees of the federal government, right. 
Idiots. Rangemaster Could Have Brought You Down Like A Muzzie In The Sand-Box For That. 
Behind him is his Muzzie Girlfriend. Figures. 
The only Nazis is you fucking faggot ass Liberals trying to shut down free speech! You fucking weak ass, pussy! 
Lolicon is legal because it's just a fucking illustration, imagine begin so retarded that you think drawings and other inanimate objects have rights Lmao kys 
Hahahahahahahaha How The Fuck Is Loli Child Porn Hahahaha Nigga They're Just Fucking Drawings Like Nigga Close Your Eyes Haha 
Nah, Always. 
Holy fuck. You’re a loon. Yep pure bullshit when you read bias. Into Every U. S. Citizen. That’s all encompassing sweetheart. Absolutely free of any type of bias. Yet I see your page is full of biased rhetoric. Fuck off. Get a life. Feel free to rant. I luv the mute button. Don’t you. Clueless cunt 
Yep, you certainly are a clueless cunt. Roflmao at you, having just proven I was right 
I'm not even surprised. It's Orange County. That's why they pull the stunts that they do there. You can bet your bottom dollar that this nigger knows not to pulll this shit in Sampson or Moore county, for example. 
Proving every one of his predictions wrong is proving he is fake you retard 
Why am I Not surprised? Niggers and nigger lovers 
Who eats cereals anyway now? It's not paleo, just cheap toxic nigger food. 
Or mess up his faggot hairdo. 
Toledo, Oh. Inner-city public nigger schools rated F. The response is surreal. 
Jack being a faggot meeting Arabs? I hope he doesn't get flogged to death. 
Cowardly Faggot Eric Holder Whips Up Democrats: When They Go Low, We Kick Them 
In the West, favouritism given Islam currently exceeds that of Judaism in many western nations. Lots of neonazis carry on about Jewish power, but Jews aren't given free housing in Germany or always go straight onto welfare and encouraged to breed like rabbits as Muslims are in the Uk. Jews don't have special no-go zones where the police are too scared to go. 
Go on Twitter. See who is advocating and spending the most money on globalism and multi-culturalism. You will notice they are Jews. Then look for their opinions on Isreal and they are hardcore ethno-nationalists. Muslims are a symptom like rats carrying a disease. The disease itself only spreads through exploiting our weakness. The disease is the Jew. 
I don't bother with seeing Twitter as any kind of source. Bots and rent-a-trolls can advocate for anything without demonstrating that most people think like that. Not all Jews think alike. Do you think that common Jews want to be killed by Muslims? No, it's the super-rich elites, and they aren't all Jews. They're globalists of all kinds. 
Yet it's not all trolls or bots there are plenty of verified officials on there. And it's not like they are not taking action based on what they say. Most super-rich elites are Jews or have financial ties with jews as to have shared interest. Most people at the top are Jewish. That's not a mere coincidence that they all happen to push a similar agenda. 
If we are speaking about Globalists they are either Jews or funded by Jews serving Jewish interests. With a open agenda of white genocide and replacing the west with easy to control minorities which are easy to control look at who votes democrat 
No, globalists are in every advanced nation. Mao of China was a Yale student too, and communist China another step for globalism. They don't play 2D chess. They're not caring about "white genocide" as the entire focus, they want to destroy all ethnicities, and use them against each other. They do this everywhere they have power. 
Yes they want infighting but no they dont want to destroy all ethnicities otherwise we could call out the Jews openly for if every ethnicity has to go then why are they protected? If you want to know who rules over you first see who you cant criticize 
Racist bitch. Muted 
Dale, you sound like a cucked faggot 
When the churches can keep their paws off of kids, then they can start talking about moral values. Till then, kindly, f*ck off, padres. 
Oh! Great point. Same as when you look at many of the others protesting. Nigger sows are the ones doing the yelling. 
Dude you have no political understanding whatsoever. We don't often get a chance to expose Lying Feminist Whores - and the kikes who push their destructive agenda - on a National scale and this faggot totally failed to capitalize. He cucked and cried like a Bitch. 
Don't be retarded - Circumference at the equator (40, 066 km) Circumference at the poles (39, 992 km) Diameter at the equator (12, 753 km) Diameter at the poles (12, 710 km) Radius at the equator (6, 376 km) Radius at the poles (6, 355 km) 
Oh yeah that weasel cunt Zuckerberg. Closed mine 8 yrs ago. Don't worry you'll be fine 
It’s so hilarious to watch Durbin just now argue against Kavanaugh’s judicial record. All this time spent of that worthless twat Ford and at the very last minute he wants to act like a senator. What a douchnozzle! 
This new Gee is a troll & a cunt 
Ew! Niggers. 
Hahaha! 1 Lol, she hover-handed that niglet like a faggot at prom! Hahaha Lmwao 
Cunt 
A tweet is not an official source. When he signs the Eo, let me know. And if the Eo does not say this wetback vermin is to be repelled and refused entry with any force necessary, it doesn't count 
Muslims murder 3000 people on 9/11, Bush calls Islam a religion of peace and increases Muslim immigration. Some fat cunt dies at Charlottesville and The Daily Stormer is offline for months. Some Synagogue shooter briefly used Gab, and Gab gets no-platformed. Do (they) think Tyranny and Hypocrisy will bring peace? 
Jews did 911! Muslims are the Jews proxy army! It was so America would fight filthy Jew wars! Jews are Liars! Quit believing any Jew media bullshit! Whatever a Jew accuseth, they are guilty! 
Disgusting jewess dyke 
Need to get that nigger to a gym asap 
This Muslim Nigger Lies Every Second He Speaks. 
The Cunt Is DIsEASED Gnarly Dna The Parents Know She Is DIsTURBED 
And don't try and back track. You're a faggot + rapist + the devil. 
Report me, you philosemitic faggot 
Trust me, I'll only abuse you if you deserve it. Others have a right to know how retarded you are. Fortunately in your case your noisy user name already let's them know. 
"Fly soon found his way into the senate office of Marco Rubio, a neoconservative pet project. " Marco Rubio the pretty boy faggot version of John McCain. 
Alex Jones was threatened by Thug Fag Boy Marco Rubio! He is lucky he didn't try to beat Alex up. Let's just say it would Not end well for SoyBoy! 
This is gonna end up great, not only do we have to worry about more trucks of peace but really shit drivers as well. I dread to think of how these inbred goatfuckers will manage to memorize all the different rules involved, I doubt most of them are capable of a feat like that. 
If you switched retarded to delusional, then I would agree. Not that I am saying people don't have some level of retardation, just that their delusion of everything going well is allot stronger than any retardation they might have. It's almost like a written rule that everyone wants to avoid rocking the boat, so no one says anything. 
Idk who that faggot is, but, let's do this! 
10/ Semi-related, that's the same with 2nd Amendment absolutists. Like Jim Losi seriously and literally says that there should be no restrictions on guns, including for criminals and the mentally ill. He told me that directly. If that's your position and you think you're a "super patriot, " you're actually just a retard. 
Fuck off nigger faggot 
Sadly, they want us to take action instead of stepping up to the plate and not putting themselves in harms way. These retard kids have no thought process other then victimization. It won't go well for them 
"Since October 2018". Says all we need to know about a troll faggot plant. Go play with your Barbies, numbnuts. This conversation is for us adults. Go now. 
And how many fucks should we give that this sand nigger was killed? 
All shitskins are rape culture, weather it's a nigger, sand-nigger or a taco nigger 
You are the stupidest and most ignorant cunt on Gab. Poland at the time was made up from what is Germany today and what was Germany prior to 1919! That is Western Europe you utterly fucking stupid cunt! Get your head around that fact you utterly bizarre Proto-jew. 
I thought heroin was supposed to send her comatosed. Perhaps she couldn't sell her rotten cunt today so her dealer has cut her off. 
Makes police look absolutely ridiculous. Criminally ridiculous. Really. The flailing retard having an epilectic seizure needed a full round of bullets fired into his writhing frothing body. Dafuq did i just watch? 
Face book link. Hmmm. Never stop doing or being what you are if you wanna loook on face book knowing they cant be trusted or googel is why im im on Gab i will look, and be my normal self on line or in real life, no camera is going to make me do anything i wouldnt normaly do thats the only why you can win overload them i take drugs im An internet Insulter so what. I run an insult room. On a program called paltalk. You welcome to come in and say what ever you like I Will All Ways Be Freem In Soul Body AnD MInD. Peace. Come To Paltalk. The Room Name Is. Room owners cori shes a cunt cunty shes a cunt too. Me im just a wanker Bollocks is my name and stuey the bals northern wanker but i love him. Hes as gay as me just wont say so, , , , seee you in the room 
Yeah he’s not a boomer faggot 
When a nigger talks all that comes out of his/her mouth is shit. A niggers penis looks like a big giant piece of shit. 
Who would recognize her? She looks like every other man-hating dyke out there 
If conflating the law and morality wasn't stupid enough for you, check out this faggot conflating "who wins" with morality. 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
Cnn is faggot central! 
Who is the nigger guy on the right? 
At this point it's no longer enough to have checklists of what Trump promised real Americans, and what was achieved. They now need to be side by side with what he didn't promise (at least publicly to incite more wars and spill more American blood for Israel, and to free more nigger and spic criminals and spill more American blood for Kanye And Kim Kardashian. 
The fact you believe Nigger women to be 'top-tier' is most-amusing to a White male. We never touch such garbage, nor do you Niggers. Through your own women, you Know Niggers are fugly. You are just angry that you know Niggers are considered the ugliest race upon the face of this planet, whilst my race is considered the very standard of beauty. 
Real Man with real Women vs. A jew faggot and his nigger boytoys. 
I'm tired of these niggers being shoved down our throat, 24 hours a day. You have a homeland ethnostate, that isn't being invaded. I don't fucking care that your people are too retarded to feed yourselves. Fuck off to africa 
Put This Nigger Shiksa In Jail. 
Because Square is fundamentally retarded when it comes to Pc ports. 
An she's either an inbred dyke Or lives a traditionalist jewish wifu/was married off when she was 8 
Fuck democracy. Go ahead report me Fuck Democracy May Your Democracy Die FuckER! This is a republic you rube 
Hillary did nothing, Obama was supposedly having a cocaine party and then went to a Las Vegas Fundraiser the next morning after barely a comment on what the hell happened. If HIllary has been elected and a similar situation, Muzzie Brotherhood/Sisterhood Huma would have made the decision - So Scary 
Cunt 
Taylor Swift Goes Full Libtard Mark Dice 
Ffffffuck that skinny little cunt 
Looks like a Muzzie Somalie Butt Pirate. Uk was gone when they allowed themselves to be disarmed. 
Phaggot 
Faggot 
A Chinaman Is A Gook 
Shit I fucked an African American chick once! That makes me just about as much of an African American as She is a native! Fucking Retarded Pocahontas! 
Southern born Rebel! South Carolina! Fuck that Nigger! 
It's not a race and it's not a religion either. It's a bunch of gross freaks that are ugly and sick and retarded from inbreeding. Part of their jihad is olfaction assault, muslims stink worse than pig shit. 
Hitler Lives till the end of Times 1488 Hitler Lives for ever and ever. Hitler will not go away, he stays with the people, people will praise Hitler for ever, can censor us, can persecut us, can kill us, can torture us, the sionist done all of this sinc nuremberg the sionist terror machine. After sionists are gone, Hitler will continue. Hitler Lives for ever 
How Can Ppl Look Up To This Pos. He Hated Himself 4BEING 1/2 Jew Going To Rome Area Bath Houses Fucking Little Boy'S A Lot Of Little Boy'S If U Like This Faggot Ur A Pos ToO. 
Hay Gestapo I Hate Lgbtqp Bc U Worship Ppl That Do This Makes U The Same As Hitler, Mohammed. See I Thought The Ss Died Out A Long Ago. Hate Mongers Like U Bring The World DoWN To A New Low CLAsS Of Hillbilly Bs. 
Urban Dictionary. Hmmm. You mean Nigger Dictionary! 
You want everyone to be shown a photo of a Nigger terrorist who murdered White babies? Did you just seriously suggest this? 
Indeed. And if there were less whorish, fat, nigger fuckers and 3rd wave cat ladies, i would be one of them. 
So She Is Saying That 4 Billion Men Are All The Same? Bold STATEMenT Retard 
Nigger 
Buck Sexton is a glow in the dark Cia nigger 
These people are absolutely retarded 
Why? We care more about some Nigger and his protesting of the police by disrespecting the nations flag, but the nearly century long molestation of our children by church officials that we hold in high esteem and trust totally, they get a free pass? Where do you draw the line? Is it words? What of the Children? What damage to them? Where do we stop? When do we act? 
Socialists, same shit, different flavor. National Socialist Hitler was also into gun control, ethanol, Slave labor for nationalized corporations and hated Christianity i also speculate he was a fag and had Eva around as a prop much like Obama 
Obamasshole is married to a faggot freakazoid in womens clothing. His name is michael 
@lostpassword @RabbiHighComma @OdinsAxe pushing race mixing get s you a score of -297. Winnig! Lol at your family looks like a shitty McDonald's add! 
One more crutch-crazy- cunt of a crusty ass black man who whines instead of improving himself, his life, his fellow black people who are the Reason so many white people are scared of and avoid black people. White flight happens for damned good reasons. Chicago. Thats a Black Run City! Where the fuck are their leaders? Skimming money and hustling. The loop 
I have had the same thought. I believe the urge to slap some sense into borderline retarded leftist would overcome me before I could stop myself. I admire their restraint. 
Looking for disabled dyke 
What? What kind of retarded shit is this! You hire on merit of skill. 
One of Obama's muzzie shit holes. 
I hope she runs She is a retard and most people can see her idiocy but of course the election can always be rigged to get her elected. If social media and msm continue on their path of shutting down Free speech and propaganda with no one in govt. Holding them accountable the subterfuge can only grow. 
Fact! Millions of encounters with police every day and blacks tear shit up over a few hundred dead criminals, killed mostly by Black Cops More Whites Are Killed by cops, but we don't chimp out commit the crime, do the time, whites know this 
Exactly! Libtards don't want to look into the facts about their nigger pets. 
"I always have and always will cast my vote based on which candidate will protect and fight for the human rights I believe we all deserve in this country, " she wrote. "I believe in the fight for Lgbtq rights, and that any form of discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender is Wrong. I believe that the systemic racism we still see in this country towards people of color is terrifying, sickening and prevalent. " Cunt 
Shoot a dindu nuffin Spic and they cry. The Guy is a hero Mr. Dunn, I salute you. 
Jail the Nigger 
Go to hell, fuckin' faggot, & get a job 
Tommy is pro-Israel because they are fighting Islam too pillock. Enemy of my enemy. 
Twat, he loves them because they finance him. Book deals are a dead give away. 
I have a theory about these idiots who keep calling Tommy Jewish. They are either Right Wing Watch Trolls planting devide & conquer stories to demonize influential peoples reputations. Or they could be Muslim Trolls trying to do the same? Cause there can't be that many nutters that believe this shit. 
You’re actually worse than a Jew. You are a nigger loving white man who is complicit in the destruction of western civilization by pointing to the symptom (muzzies) as opposed to the disease (Jews) 
Do please tell us about this fancy participation trophy you stumbled upon. No one finds nigger ape skanks attractive, even nigger ape boys. It’s more likely you can’t find an attractive white woman willing to sleep with you. 
Literally no one finds high T, low Iq nigger bitches attractive. This is science. Are you a science denier. 
Um! Science now is it. Don't forget you're talking to a guy with a very strong scientific education, not some layman. To be solid your theory needs to explain what we observe. So millions of mixed race couplse sort of blow that out of the water before it's left the port blokey legs. Any other theories you want to discuss? Lol 
And of those millions of mixed race couples, what % are black man white woman and how many are white man black woman? 
No! I haven't counted them all. The fact that they are couples destroys your theory that only blacks fancy blacks. 
Mr. Science doesn’t know and is now trying to straw man my position, lulz. I said no one finds nigger bitches attractive, never nogs only prefer nogs. I’d venture a guess though from my own observation that 95% of all mixed race couples are black man white woman. Boom, Science Nigga! 
Blimey. You should go for the Nobel Prize. But again there are loads of black girls and white guys as couples. So your theory is total bollocks isn't it. To be a valid theory it has to explain what is observed. This is real science ) 
Here you go Science man, Pew Research. Since they don’t distinguish Jews, I’m going to say majority of the white men married to black women are Jews giving you a Megan Merkel. 
This topic is cancer. 100% cancer. There is nothing here worth debating, so I'm going to literally flood this topic with whatever the fuck I can find. You're all retarded, you're all disgusting degenerates, and you really should consider leaving Gab. No one here will miss you. Enjoy the flood! 
It's funny that the retard thinks he can flood something. On a site with an easy mute option. NPCs don't think. 
I never understood the whole wiccan thing, It starts with the premise of 'rejecting your retarded religious superstition' and ends with adopting an infinitely more retarded religious superstition. At least Christian women don't tweet about mud in their vaginas. 
I love it when a Retarded lefty female goes to Africa to prove Blacks are no different, gets raped, and comes back to blame it on a white guy! All lefties are monkey brains! 
This faggot really likes his hillary fan-fiction. 
Jews, Muslims And Catholics Are All Same Same, Wolves Preying On Christians 
Catholics Have Hunted Tortured And Murdered Millions Of Protestants! Check "Mary Queen Of Scot'S! " The Whole Irish Troubles Are Because Of This! The Wetback Invasion Is Actually A Catholic Invasion Of A Protestant Nation, By Force. And To Make It All Worse Is It Is A JEWIsH Plot Check "PROToCOLS Of Zion" Back To U 
Stupid Fucking Nigger 
This faggot had been watching too much power rangers before going out to harass women 
Find out who he is and we'll go visit the faggot 
Fuck you dick licking child raping sand nigger muzzie faggots. 
Banned from Facebook for This! Those fucking Kikes can blow it out their ass! Someone put up a post that said "What is worse Jews or Feminists". I Commented this and got banned for my response. Without even saying one fucking word these kikes banned me on my birthday im still chillen i have other accounts but its the principle of it! I can't wait to win this war i want a front row seat to the kikes "Expulsion". And All Of Them Have To Go! 
Fuck it. Leave faceberg and stay off. 
A lying cunt is gonna be a lying cunt 
Can I please have a large slice of fat cunt going Reeeeeee 
At least your Usb sticks tell the truth. You just can't help yourselves. 40% genetic defects and a sand nigger IQ70 will do that to ya. 
There is only banning here if you post fairy gay faggot tranny porn, etc. 
*laughing* you didn't have to get nasty about it but since you had your head up your ass to far to see it the 1st time I posted it, women didn't give Trump the vote. If I can sacrifice by wearing a uniform & put in harms way, women can consider their role. You're just an emotional cunt in your 'reaction'. 
Nigger juries in Dc who side with Niggers over White boys are a serious problem of inequality in opportunity that you nor anyone else in America is doing anything about cuz you're a bunch of pussies who are too afraid to incure the social costs of being branded a racist for actually doing something about it. 
Reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
Is all about unity: Unity in. Is all about the global brotherhood of man, irrespective of race or species (yes, the is a different species according to, as well as modern. Source Of Image: 
It's clear you know very little history. The only unifying force in Europe has been the Christian church which not only saves the West from the scourge of barbarianism but from subjugation under Islam too. 
Seems to be doing a fucking good job at keeping the & hordes at bayrolleyes: Without charitability and a false ) idea of a brotherhood of man (with wrongly categorized as human) all of us would live in our 100% White ethnostates with closed and heavily guarded borders. 
's problems are not our problems. Some of you have a silly "idol allergy"D But we will continue with our, as we have since the (which is how old the Wooden idol seen on the right is. Can Never die out, for it is in our Blood and! 
Paganism died centuries ago. A minority of morons are just too ignorant to understand why. 
If you have to keep reminding us that Paganism is dead. Paganism probably isn't actually dead. 
Actually. Yeah. It is a dead letter Julian. K? Odinism was a vile vicous cult. Your pretend 'religion' that you have cobbled out of archetypal fairy tales is a farce in fact All the source documents that relate to it were Written Down By Christian Monks. Every Last One. 
Curtis Simpleton Christianity is a religion on paper. Paganism is a religion in blood. We find it again and again unless there is the constant upheaval and oppression of Abrahamism and the Noahide Law System. The Jews are at least smart enough to realize this. That is why they're now aiming to destroy the blood of our people entirely. 
Yeah just so you know this Mose Communist Christ Nonsense. Is Purely the work of Gol Freemasons the queer ones and associates of Alister Crowley the pedophile rapist. But hey sure, if you say so. R P Oliver. Faggot Gol Freemason. His people almost surely one off cults like Strict Observance. *Snaps Fingers* Dismissed. Gtfo My Library. 
What is this word salad? "Faggot Gol Freemason"? Is that radicchio? 
Well, I see. An 80 Iq is a burden. Let say like this your 'information' is the work product of Allies of the Deconstructionist Communists known as Cultural Marxism currently. Yeah Son. 
Not my fault too stupid to find facts. I gave a man with a 100IQ more than enough. You are not such a man. 
>I gave a man more than enough. Whoa there, buddy. I ain't like that. 
I am a white Dutch South African you bloody retard 
Claire Mccaskill Demands Special Prosecutor For Project Veritas ‘Fraud’ The only Fraud we see here is Claire Fatass McCaskill, this communist cunt reminds me too much of Hillary. If you live in Missouri please het out the word and vote this cunt out. She is the problem. Special Prosecutor, what a fucking joke. 
200 years ago she would have been tried and executed last week. 
It’s just the death throes of her career you hear leaking from that used condom of a mouth of hers. 
This is nothing but the typical liberal politicians use of misdirection to steer attention away from her! Well Claire. Suck It. 
Bring the bitch down 
Vote red Missouri 
Josh Hawley, Republican, gets my vote! Claire can go to Hell! Hillary and Obama ass kissing, leg humping bitch! 
Welcome to Gab! Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
This stupid, lying cunt now has almost a million dollars from GoFundMe for playing the victim. Well, I hope her practice pays off. I hope she's stalked and victimized every day for the rest of her disgusting, worthless life! I hope she Never feels safe. 
Scary pussyhat sucks sand nigger cock 
Yeah. That makes it look like some retarded couch potato antifa group. I can see it now. Fat f#@& 's leaving chetto fingerprints all over the evidence. 
You guys are retarded if you thinks that dems want open borders. We don't. But in the spirit of those who came before us we'd like to offer a legal way to citizenship for the possibility of a better life. Just as they did when most of your ancestors migrated to the Us from other countries 
Liberal bullshit. This is fake. It wasn't written by some 70 year old. More like some rabid 30 something skank that hasn't been laid right since her Daddy had his way with her when she was 12. Fuck these women! They're off the rails and they're dragging good women down with them. 
This isnt the average cunt that gives a shit what you say. Fuck off. 
I hate these fucking subhuman npcs more than I hate the nigger 
Well, looks like a nigger to me. 
You can suck all the nigger dick you like, I will not tolerate some nigger muzzie saying he's superior. 
I am a super big liberal also! That is why I despise Hateful Bigot Democrats not that any of them would realize since they are all Brainwash Retarded! Facts are important and no lefty even know what the real meaning of the word Liberal. It means to be open to debate. I'm sure you will block me proving that you are a Bigot! 
Maxine is a Racist Retard like all Democrats! Democrats are the human sewage party! 
Especially in nigger areas 
This person by rejecting the apology and $50 gift card shows less class than the person calling her a nigger. Now if she sues/holds out for more $$$ then she is def a nigger Imho. What are your thoughts? 
None of this was a problem when we had separate but equal. Nigger-run pizza places would serve niggers nigger-made pizza pf nigger quality happily. 
Separate but equal would have worked. If all the liberal lies were true, it Would have worked. Except it didn't. It failed. Because Niggers Aren'T Equals! Probably should have just sterilized them all in 1870. 
Dead Nigger Cunts Means Less Abortion Good For The Country 
You say retarded shit. That was the point. 
I got old lazie spar that no good to me she can have mine if she want it not have look a right cunt to do swimming 
Is there any doubt that all Democrats are Npc's? All Democrats are brainwashed retarded monkey brains! 
I used to watch him religiously but felt he was getting Pc. I may need to go check him out if that fat incestuous cunt dislikes him. 
Anyone know what fag homosexual cowards hiding in mama basement own 8ch and Ed these days or where they live? Would love to fly down and have them face me and teach them what being a man is all about! I am sure its some homosexual coward with Aids hiding in mamas basement overseas like Edward Bernard Przydzial aka Eddie Dzial faggot ass hiding in Athens Greece 
They're actually conservatives but you need to rip these fags to shreds 
Revolting Witch reminds us how fortunate we are to have Pres. Trump 3 am Calls Huma would be answering those with the Muzzie Sisterhood response. 
What kind of jew nigger treats are they? 
Fuck Cnn! And put the nasty old cunt in jail! 
I got so many Jew hater moron and "nigger" hater moron responses, then muted them one by one with relish, I'm going to post this again. Here we go! Round 4! I look forward to your hilarious imbecile responses. To all you moron Jew haters. And, "nigger" hater morons. The Jews did Not murder Jesus you ignorant morons! The pagan Romans did! The Pharisees instigated it on their jealousy of Jesus, not the Jews you morons, most of whom were already secretly following Jesus "Love one another. " "Love thy neighbor as thyself. " "These are my brothers and sisters. " "The door is open to everyone. ". The ignorant Jew hating moron crowd continually assaults me with the false claim that Jesus was not Jewish. Child brains. King David was as Jewish as it gets according to every rational research. Jesus celebrated Jewish tradition all his life even the day before his death. So, eat it, you imbeciles It is true, most Jews do not accept Christ as savior. Still no reason to hate them. The greater majority of humanity does not accept Christ as savior. Do you hate Indians? Chinese? Japanese? Tibetans? Muslims who through no fault of their own were born into an evil cult? Your logic is as flawed as you are. For those of you assholes who think I haven't thought this through, jump up a rope! I am as studied as any of you. So, I say again. To all you moron Jew haters. You're as stupid, dangerous, and Godless as dimocrats. Your wanton unyielding ignorance shames all humanity. You are not welcome among decent educated people. I wish I could mute you all at once. My Lord Jesus Is a Jew. Stew on that. Eat it in fact. My staff will sprout while you grumble unto death. I truly feel sorry for you. " Bytheirfruit 
The Romans paid Jewish scribes to write the Jewish faggot man/god tale so you are the moron for believing it. 
Is it true poor Wi has been invaded with Obama’s Muzzies 
I’m always bitching about the Uk not having a Churchillian Backbone. The Us has allowed the same thing. Muzzies & Mexicans breed like rabbits and take over jobs in swarms of their relatives. The local Walmart had 3 Muzzie sisters working Custo Service - no one else. One of the McDonalds has all Mexicans who speak nothing but Spanish 
Those electronic cigarettes have one major side effect. They make you look like a cunt 
"Hate crimes" are the Jack Posobiec style fake news of the judeo-left. Totally believe your cool story bro. A Nazi randomly walked up to you at Wal Mart and said "I'm a Nazi and I'm here to cut your faggot throat" and you totally didn't break your hand in a fisting session gone wrong. 
Probably a leftist scumbag posing as one of us. We don't call ourselves Nazi's and we certainly don't introduce ourselves to worthless alt Lite wastes as such. 
I really don't give a s* or rat's ass about this Muslim he shouldn't have been in our country to begin with. I'm sorry that's harsh and cold hearted but that's how it is. They don't belong in our country they're destroying Europe and they're going to destroy America if someone doesn't do something. 
When I said, "Raise your hand if you're glad he's dead! ", even this faggot agreed with me! 
After eight years of having a presidential nigger tell white what to think, bound to be some blowback. 
Got records in London Quit my job cuz my boss is a faggot! 
Order a fajita and a fresh enchilada Shot that parrot cause he used to chirp Can't eat Chinese cause it makes me burp Went from bar to bar I got rejected My fake Id, it was disrespected Got records in London Quit my job cause my boss is a faggot One more thing that you should know Mca. Is a desperado 
I'm getting so sick of those retards. Spoiled brats. They need some real justice. I am also amazed not one person stood up to those scum. Scenes like that make America look week. Don't you think it's time that the republicans/the right stood up for there politicians and straighten these spoiled brats out. 
Being proud will solve the problem of those retards. I say it's time to stand up and be tough and woop there asses when they cause retarded scenes like that. Other wise there ganna stomp all over you. 
I do, every April 15th Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger 
He wants to get nigger criminals out of prison because he's a nigger and Blacks support Blacks even/especially if they're criminals. They loved Oj for killing a White woman. 
What the fuck is this cunt saying 
This article makes me want to rip Anglin's head off even more now. A White woman was gang raped, tortured, and murdered, but because one of the blacks said that she consented if they would let her go, Ds wants you to make whore memes of her. 
Yuck, I hate that cunt Anglin. She looks like a person we defend. Oh wait Anglin is not part of 'we' anyway what do I expect! He's a creepy ghoulS 
Loretta Lynch said that blood must be spilled in the streets. People seem to forget that both AGs under the Faggot in Chief have called for illegal rioting/violence 
Hmmm. Except for the nightly news broadcasts by major networks with both hosts and pundits insinuating he's a dumb nigger an uncle tom and a race traitor etc etc. Some of which have even been linked on this very social media service 
This Bomber needs to be Fired, he forgot about that Fat Dyke Rosie O'Donnell and Kathy Griffin. 
Fucking stupid goddamn nigger bitch! 
White roastie still didn't get the memo that her vagina privilege does not trump the nigger privilege. 
Read Encirclement faggot 
Still are a weakling who is ruled over by. Who is that rules you? Purely because you are a weakling. I am a epileptic cripple who shits bigger than you. 
Shits bigger, probably the opiates, good luck with that chinese fentanyl constipation 
No it has all to do with a being a Full Grown Man that owns my own situation. Naming the jew is for twats that squat to pee. Sorry buddy. Need to wipe? 
Yeah sure. Compared to your Nigger level blaming others. Oh the subhumans wont let me be a mighty superhuman. Fuck All. 
Niggers are here because the jews brought them, check the names of the slave ship owners, what a cohencidence. Less than 1% of white americans owned slaves, 40% of jews did. The nigger problem is part of the jewish question 
They are Here Period. Deal With That. Till then your Drivel about 'tis the Jews' is just the blather weak punks. Right. Truth is Nothing without Power you little punk dick sucker. 
Less than 2% of the us population controls all news, don't notice that amirite? Pay more attention to fox jews 
Hahahahahahhaah truth isn't a weapon, that is some funny ass talmudic bullshit right there kike. Does the Jidf pay well kike? 
Hemlock? That is the faggot subversive pedophile you know Socrates got for his 'truths'. Truth less than Hemlock. Simple really. 
Faggot subversive? If you projected any harder you could burn a shadow in the sidewalk. 
Yeah Socrates was pederasty Ie A faggot who also was Subversive. Correct. He was Rightfully Killed by the State after a lawful trial. Fuck Your Gay Hero. 
Oy Vey muh hasbara projection 
Socrates was a faggot. That is just fact. Plato was a queer too. Fuck'em both with hot iron. 
Moron alert! 
The Symposium states 'the highest form of love is between a man and his beloved' who was a Boy the queer was rightfully killed. Pedophiles have no say. 
Democrats and its media pets may do well to end its incendiary tone-deaf rhetoric. Hillary lost. No amount of revisionism, deflection or hate will change the fact liberalism does not resonate for the majority. Fear-mongering, petulance, and temper-tantrums are just a projection of retarded coping skills. 
How racist are you, from one to ten? 1. I wish they'd stop playing that music so loud 2. We're moving to the suburbs 3. I like to hang out with the right kind of people. Knowwhutimean? 4. They're just too different 5. Wifi Ssid = "Nate Higgers" 6. Ethnostate only 7. Genocide isn't always bad 8. We are hyperboreans 9. World purge 10. Brett Stevens level 
How about "Die nigger die" level. Lol 
Fuck that faggot 
Now follow me again, faggot 
Rotflmfao! Cesar? 56 years old? Sounds like a conservative boomer to me. None of "bombs" actually worked? Sounds like a conservative vet to me. Sent all of them to criminals in the Dnc just before midterms? Sounds like a conservative p. R. Stunt to me. (so fucking retarded every jack ass is stepping up to the mic to take credit for finding a guy through a fingerprint) 
What is sad is this retarded woman is most likely going to be elected 
In action even if wetback engineers didn't commit crimes they couldn't maintain 
Lynching, Stompin' a whore Anything to do with hate crime That's what we responsible for Battin a fag Knifin a kike we're launching a war run through maternity wards throw niglets on to the floor We build drone technology to hunt and shoot niggers I'm good long as an old gun will kill a new nigger 
Even the French hate the French, Cunt wants to give everything away even its language. 
Dyke chicks produce smegma too! This bitch has got to be rank! You know she never washes down there 
Immigration act that started mud flood became law in 1965. Boomers were born 1946-1964. Assumed power around 2000. Each generation is more perverse since kike propaganda becomes more extreme over time. Lie built upon lie. Polls show top concerns for under 30 crowd is faggot rights/feminism/racial equality. None of those are top concerns for older folks. 
Now, these are not blacks. They are niggers. 
They're Nigger Thugs. 
Who are you, nazi faggot ) 
What kind of nigger name is Tamera? You sound like a pig 
Democrat Faggot Professor: If You See Republicans In Restaurant, ‘Stick Your Fingers In Their Salad’ 
Unexplained Mist Surrounds The Holiest Of Sites; False Flag Precursor Event? Everything is holy in the eyes of retard! Dry Ice is holy in the desert i bet! Holy Shxt lol 
Hey jew@jew talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel. Jew punk you are a criminal. Judaism is terrorism. You are a very sick person Take a stool sample and shove it up your ass. 
Hey jew@jew talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel try to tell us the last word is not three letters jew. Take a hike with a jew tranny dyke and see if you can file a lawsuit in the appropriate dressing room. Jew punk you are a criminally unholy turd stain in the fabric of society. Stretch a new hole. 
Cnn spent the last 72 hours: - Calling Kanye West a token negro and other slurs live on air - Bringing on a man who once made a sex tape with Kanye West’s wife to talk trash about him - Referencing Kanye West’s dead mother, who Kanye was extremely close to and is sensitive about - Calling him every name in the book This is what happens if you dare to step out of line. 
Oh that poor nigger. He forgot that snitches get stitches and he decided to turn on his commie faggot friends because he's been bought by Trump for political reasons. LoL. Trump really fucking wants that black vote in 2020. Apparently 13% of the population makes a giant fucking difference, but 60% of the population can be smugly dismissed. 
Look at the fairy gay faggot in front. Lol 
Racist Faggot 
The feminist cunt is taking time out from being on her back with her legs spread to get ahead to get to a keyboard and spew her vapid inanity. 
Mom: Why is there this fucking random nigger in our house? Dad: That’s Our Son Mom: Oh yeah I forgot. 
No but I’ve been called that before and I sometimes call my own people Yellow Island Niggers occasionally: P 
Nope, Niggerpino I mean Filthapino I mean. Uhhh the first one you said 
Sen Murkowski= Rino Cunt 
Sure, there are a lot of immature and stupid ppl here. But that's bc there are a lot of immature and stupid ppl in real life. And cursing or name calling has nothing to do with "guts. " If we had to communicate here like we do at work, it would be retarded and gay. For example, I couldn't have even said that. 
Tommy is promoting Col Richard Kemp the son of Israel who commanded our troops to slaughter the christian whites to protect the dirty fcking muslims in Bosnia - you need to check whose who. Dont take my word for it do your homework. Our soldiers arw being used by these cunts and Tommeh is surrounded by zio shills including Levant. Wake up 
I think you’re looking into this post a little bit to much, it’s about young lads and a photo and our British establishment pandering to a known terrorist supporting Muslim council we all know the Jews want to own the world and people in it me I’m tackling Muslims raping terrorist gangs and appeasing governments 
Jews brought muzrats here and fougjt for their rights through Abe Foxman on Adl they are the media that slaughters Robinson then their brethen support him - its called a puppet show - who ate all the sausages Mr Crock. 
You take time to pen the trurh about Robinson and zionism and tgis is tge fcking retarded condescending response you get 
Yes, Bye-bye fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches! 
Lying Nigger Shiksa. 
Because they are retarded and don't think, they just react like the good Npc's that they are. 
Nigger worship 
I am a retired Truck driver and this bloke should be getting his Cdl revoked for being a Retard. Everyone that goes through Cdl training should know about "Bridge Height Clearance" 
Cats are not pack animals. They must hate sharing their space with an ugly bull dyke and 5 other cats. 
Some retard will marry her. 
White Supermacist-is code word -for Faggot 
We have a Soros/Obama/Clinton endorsed Socialist Sand Nigger running for Governor 
Update breaking news. Demonic Satanic Lying Cunt Blasey Ford Ex Boyfriend Tells All And Breaks Silence! Sent from my iPad 
How Bout We Just Let A Conservative Redneck Take Him Out Behind The White House And Whip His Nazi Brownshirt Lookalike Ass Til He Can'T Remember Who He Is Let Alone What He Was Doing. 
Half nigger muzzie faggot and moron 
Eisenhower starved to death over a million good German soldiers at Rhine meadows! Eisenhower was a War Criminal! Jews are Liars! 
I wish I could debate the Jew bastard. Jews are too retarded though to actually debate. 
The Only thing I block on perverts I call a faggot a faggot a perversion allowed to fester they Will infect shaming is still a great weapon worked for centuries without moral boundaries what are we a free-for-all society? I boycott all movies etc with faggots last fucking thing I ever wanna see is some dudes naked ass 
QAnon doesn't lure in seasoned veterans that have been around for some time. Only Tards new to the scene bite on the bullshit. Kinda like waking up to frauds like Alex Jones. It takes a while to "see" it. When Q gets some balls to talk about the Jewish power structure, please wake me up so I can hop on the bandwagon. Until then, I'm not buying. 
I attacked no one, Libtard. Yeah, apparently you can't tell the difference between at "attack" and a "statement". I said Nothing attacking Bovine X. You, however, deserve the Libtard moniker as you just acted like one. Q doing more to divide the Right than Any Democrats. Wake Up! 
See? Now the Q follower is trying to promote The Victim Mentality. Who else does that? Democrats! Q has turned this poor kid into a leftist shill, and he doesn't even know it. Next he'll go off on Jews, or boomers, or some retarded shit. Whatever Q tells him. 
Hey my man, All those infowars chat raids aside, I still aint' buying your pancake earth! Love ya anyways faggot. 
Reply is that what you call it when that sand nigger cums in (your) ass? 
This Muzzie wanna be Pos will feel the wrath of American Patriotism soon. Enjoy the show 
Greg Johnson publishing articles calling Hitler a god = good Richard Spencer give speech where people do Roman salute = bad The eternal faggot Greg is little better than the eternal Jew weev. 
Greg Johnson supports Jewish Weev because Weev also hates Richard Spencer. 
Figures it's a whigger! 
Fuck the filthy Marxist cunt 
When oh when will this breath-taking bullying stop? "I came out as Lgbt, & lost family & friends. I was called faggot & beaten to a pulp. Surgery required". No not again! Haven't these aids-ridden grids-riddled cocksuckers suffered enough? 
Im shocked that aids sack is still walking upright 20 plus years after the fact. 
Well. This Cunt Is As Stupid As They Come. She Needs To Take A Long Walk Off A Short Bridge. 
Why don't you take your meds you dumb stunned fucking cunt 
Go gas yourself you Jew loving faggot 
Nigger mania in Nycfd! 
The nigger kneels but more than likely those white girls have already fucked nigger cock. 
They are invaders. Let us call a spade a spade, or in this case, a spic a spic. 
A whole fucking shit ton of those niggers were following me. I mean like a bunch. I was racking up nigger followers non stop for like four days straight. Than one day they just vanished. 
& not a nigger among them. 
Having nigger babies Does end our great White lineage. So it vanishes with your sickening example too. 
Look, we wouldn't have a percentage problem with whites is men would just stop with the judging by looks and just marry white women no matter how fugly and have kids. 
Stop being a nigger wit dat fakenews. 
Everyone who will call 855-557-0111 and ask the dude who anseers if he is a dirty stinkin Sand Nigger goat raping camel fuckin animal and see what he says! I've done it 3 times and he keeps hanging up on me. 
Theresa May is a cunt 
Now do the same but with a Nigger or a Jew in the photo and wait the reactions. I predict the Fbi will be chasing the author in seconds. But against Whites? All is Ok, move on. 
The thing that struck me most from the Sarsour meme going around yesterday, was her specifying that she's attacking the 53%! What an overly entitled cunt of a terrorist! Minorities are fucking minorities. 
Guinea pigs are so noisy. For brain and body where you need a bit of both I used Hooded rats, not the retarded flesh globules of wistar white rats. The hooded's will take your eye out ) 
"Pro free speech" A lying faggot that claims to support free speech because he wants to view himself as a free speech advocate, but who in reality is too beta to survive in a free speech world 
It would be great if the shooter was a Muslim, good if it was a Jew, alright if it was a nigger and terrible if it was a white guy 
English faggot. 
Faggot english 
Sorry, sorry! I meant to say National Socialists faggot boys; I didn't mean to offend you with the commonly accepted shorthand, you little queer. 
A message to fellow white people, Never Deprive A Nigger Of Their Chicken And Waffles For Breakfast! Professor Kuhtoons will act like this. I hope you white people wise up because niggers never behave without their chicken and waffles. 
Nigger raus! Gilt auch für Sandnigger. 
Blacks doing what blacks do 
Yeah but didn’t you hear? Niggers are gonna help Trump save America, all the cucks say so. For real, that video was crazy tho. They caught the one nigger on fire and than they grabbed a whole different nigger and bashed him in the head and threw him in the fire too. I never want to live around niggers. 
Keith is a muzzie twat 
They actually thought some ordinary faggot nigger could run this country. Smfh. 
Says the faggot who got triggered by a picture. Lol 
Faggot with twig arms like Bogg! 
Negroids in Buffalo Ny working typical negro Go Fund Me scam with assistance of compliant news media due to racist vandalism of minivan. Fat sheboon seeking $10, 000 in donations from guilty brainwashed Whites. Key scratches $300-$900. 3 tire replacements $300. Car seats $800. So $2, 000 will fix but asking for $10K. Cha ching! 
When they find out it was the nigger couple all along we'll never hear about this story again. 
Lol. What a clown. She's beyond fucking retarded 
Let me get this straight. Taylor Swift (low talent hack that she is) comes out for Democrats and she is hailed as a hero and brave. Kanya West supports Trump and he is called a Token Negro, a Coward and ignorant. White girl wants blacks on plantation, all good. Black man walks off plantation, something gots 2b wrong with him. 
Not only was that a sickening segment of "media" it was a sickening display of retarded people for the nation to see. And Don Lemon? What kind of drugs was he on? Or, was he just drunk again. How anyone can remain a demonrat is beyond my understanding. I'd be running like all hell was right behind me. What a bunch of losers. 
I’ve been getting the same content from the same people identified. Only Jews would do something like that. They can’t win debates with words, so they go full retarded degenerate Jew. Unless @a address those problem users, the porn spam will continue. I don’t engage these degenerates & I still became a target. 
It warms my heart that Africans recognize that they've been blessed by a visit from an insanely sexy, important white woman. They're not playing by the faggot white westerner script. 
Oooooh Geeeeeze! You Are Quite The Fucking Retarded Asshole. Are You Not! Gab Must Follow The Law YouR Sissy Bitching Leads Me To Believe YouR A Pervert Pedophile Necrophile Or Zoophile EITheR Way. If True. YouRE A Disgusting Pervert And Shouldnt Be On Any Social NETWOrK PLATFOrMS! Go sic him @a 
I never argue with insane people Perverted people Twisted people Faggots Freakazoids Dykes To the iggiebin you go. You loli porno pedophile faggot demokraut adult infant! 
Oh the lil pedo deflector is having a lil rant haha half your wee group of retarded edl fanatics are on the sex offenders list, its the only reason they deflect it away to some one else. Edl supporters facilitate the abuse of 1000s of kids constantly. Yaxlet lennon has been implicated in grooming kids. Hes a pedo. Like you 
Seal Border. Deport All undesirables. Simple. 
Low Life Nigger Lover. 
Hey faggot transsexual anytime you want to leave you can, whore 
Well she wanted a nigger to fuck her and she’s pretty fucked now 
I still think anyone that believes in collectivism, even remotely, is a fucking idiot, whats worse is this brainlet is a 'financial advisor', who at some level subscribes to this retarded ideology. 
Jordan Reid is a filthy nigger that smells like shit. 
Holy fucking shit this stupid cunt got dicked by subpar cock and told about baby's first right wing books and like a good little sleeve went out to repeat what her man told her. As she should it's a shame her man is a single digit Iq. 
Well, i mean, she's an eurocuck. They can't even keep the shitskins out of their countries or breeding pools so of course she would impotently focus on fiction instead of reality. Standing as one of torba's digital mob effects more change in her tiny sphere than voting out traiterous politicians and enforcing border laws 
Nigger maff 
Happy belated birthday, ! Thanks for sharing 's gifts! Atlas Shrugged is the reason I'm here. In the 80s I was a Communist, and all things Right were anathema to me, including Republicans. (To this day I still have no loyalty to the Garbage Party) Back then a conservative tried to sell me on capitalism; his arguments were rational, but I wouldn't listen because of the rest of the right-wing package. Atlas succeeded with me where he hadn't for two reasons. First, it wasn't burdened with conservative baggage. The word 'Republican' is nowhere to be seen in the book. Second, it's a story. Stories hit home harder than dry economic arguments. I devoured this story in about three days. When I closed my library copy three decades ago, I was a changed man. I've continued to change since then. You and others on Gab have changed me. I'm not the guy who first signed up here two years ago. But again, I wouldn't be here if not for Atlas. I confess I don't know anything about Asatru, so all I can say is that the sight of the second book made me realize that Japan is the only major country I can think whose native religion is still going strong. Imagine if the pre-Christian religion of the Germanic nations had the status that Shinto does today. As for 's book, I love it. I read it right after Someone Had to Say It. Have you read that already? If not, Civil War is still readable as a standalone book. I was offline when I read both books. That was for the best, not only because that enabled me to concentrate on his words, but also because I would have been tempted to quote too much. Any random passage from either book is thought-provoking. I hope to write more about those books on Gab soon. 
Her books are long because they have to club you over the head with repetition and superfluous narrative rather than a resonating message. Also she’s obviously a sexual deviant, the reason her protagonist is a female is because she has nothing but disdain for femininity and family. There’s nothing positive to be learned from her imo. 
The Brigade by Harold Covington is long as shit, the whole Nwf Series is. Not to mention the works of Neitzsche, Kant, Descart, Jung, Evola, Hegel, Heidegger, etc. Have you ever read Carroll Quigley's books? Tragedy and Hope is 1400 fucking pages long and is jam-packed with all kinds of historical information and analysis. A dense and at times difficult book to read, but worth it. Just because a book is long doesn't make it useless. She also wrote several smaller books too: Philosophy, Who Needs It, The Virtue of Selfishness, Romantic Manifesto and For The New Intellectual are all only a couple hundred pages each. It kinda just depends on someone's writing style. Some writers can blow you away with a short poem, others need to cram information into a big ass textbook. Some get straight to the point, others take their sweet ass time. I think that is a flaccid criticism. But I agree that she viewed most women with disdain, but I mean, don't you? Look around at the state of most women. Are they wife material? Mother material? Would you even trust them to babysit your kid for 30 mins? Doesn't mean she wanted all women to die, but her disdain for women is not something unique to her. Almost all women are incredibly cruel, malicious, vitriolic and vindictive toward one another, whereas us men just call each other a faggot and go grab a beer together. I think she admired men for their intellect, productivity, emotional stability, reason and strength. Can you blame her for that? Maybe if more women adopted those positive masculine traits we wouldn't be in this mess. 
I did know that. See, this is where I differ from most people in this movement When I come across someone who I disagree with or who was an enemy of my folk I don't discard their work. The Truth is the Truth no matter if it comes from the mouth of an angel or a devil. Oddly enough, one of the people who I have learned the most from was Zbigniew Brzezinski. Probably one of the most evil men of the 20th Century, but his books are invaluable if you want to understand geostrategy or if you want to study the maniacal minds of these sociopathic elites. All of his books, lectures and articles come highly recommended by me, yet he is this evil gargoyle-like creature who spearheaded the destabilization of the Middle East and the weakening of Western militaries just like he did to the Soviets in Afghanistan. I would never destory a book by someone like that, no matter how diabolical they are. These books are treasures that we need to preserve so that we can educate the next generation about how we got in this mess. It's like being in a war and refusing to look at captured enemy intelligence just because it belongs to the enemy. Ignorance is Never a virtue. 
Rand's real name is Rosenbaum. She's a typical godless kike pushing libertarian nonsense. We don't own ourselves. God does. We're not individuals. We're a tribe. Not finite, but part of the infinite. Not flesh, but God's and children of the most high. Spirit. Not flesh. Living code. 
Ok but doesn't code consist of individual 1s and 0s? With each individual 1 and 0 having the potential to change the entire meaning and structure of the code as a whole? If you believe in a monotheistic god then you believe in individuation, which is why I am a Pagan. I believe that there is no such thing as there being Just One of anything and because of this I am not an Individualist because I recognize the interconnectedness of everything. But with that being said I believe that each man and woman needs to fix their own issues on an Individual level First. Before they go jumping into politics to die on the altar of some ideal or collective, no matter how righteous it is. The old "weakest link breaks the chain" argument. In this regard the Individualism vs Collectivism argument is an endless rabbit hole. The more correct argument is Übermensch vs Üntermensch. Are you a being who is filled with Will, Intelligence, Honor, Self-Esteem, Artisanship and Productivity? Or are you just another zombified face within a crowd of brainwashed masses? Weak, docile, passive, dependent, insecure and malleable. There needs to be a healthy balance of Individualism vs Collectivism, or more correctly, Microcosm and Macrocosm. We have a duty to Our Selves to ensure we are fulfilled spiritually and psychologically healthy. But we also have a duty to our Volk to ensure we produce a society on a macro level that is a stable foundation for raising the next generation of our blood. It's not a black/White sorta thing. There is nuance, complexity, balance, and harmony between both sides. They are not antithetical, there are two sides of a Dialectial Monism. A Yin and Yang. 
Code stuff. , offtopic. Pretty much, it's in hex and then you break it down to binary if you have to. Ie, db 0xC3, dw 0x20CD, dd 0x00000000, and etc. Useful for inlining code that doesn't have an equ in the assembler 
I used stuff like that in fasm, since the assembler I was using was diff then the bios makers, my opcodes once in a while would produce a slightly diff code so I had to. I guess there's an alt fasm now that lets you state your own microcodes. Db 0x68 dw 0xF000 dw 0xF06A dw 0xC3CB dw 0x19CD. 
. 1st is how the bios resets (well sorta, has an extra normal ret in there just incase), the 2nd is how to bootstrap operating systems with another. Yeah I'm bored lol. 
She didn’t disdain the state of women, she disdained motherhood, the ideal of woman. That’s why she lived vicariously through a corporate woman. Atlas Shrugged is an allegorical novel, not like Heidegger or the other non-fiction writers you’ve cant compare it to those but to 1984, Brave New World, Darkness at noon etc all better books and all much shorter. 
True. But Jews know how to get a book read by the masses. Booklet. Not book. Short words, sentences, paragraphs, chapters, & sections. Millions of kids will read 1, 000 comic books of 30 pages each, but not a 3, 000 page book. 
Just Another wetback illegal doing the jobs we whites refuse to do 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
Kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir kaffir 
Nigger? You are clearly confused on what a nigger is. You must be a jew who fucks the real niggers. As in up your jew ass while you slander the white man. 
Time to turn off Fox News lying Trump hating faggot is on! 
Right wingers are Retards. Not stupid or misinformed - Full On Mentality Retarded Sheep. Fuck trump. Fuck all the Racsit fascist Nazi kkk filth that support him. 
Bro. I'm on your side. I can't stand Trump and want that guy out of office asap, but dude your posts are just as retarded as the right wing / alt-right guys. Tone it the fuck down. All you're doing is giving them fuel, b/c you look just as lame as they do. 
They are trying to opt out of needing women. Lol if they can take faggot stem cells, create eggs. Then they have two faggots making a baby. Playing God. Jesus, come back soon, plz. The world is done 
We know that, darling, but they want it to be a happy pedo faggot world, and moms would shoot them in the face. 
Islam = Violence / Rape / Pedophilia / Retarded Inbred Culture. 
Leave that nasty nigger in the jungle where it belongs. 
That's one sick fucking stinky vagisil cunt folks. Std is for everyone that fucks her! 
Can she be more retarded than ever. I guess no one explained why we have the Electoral college in the first place to her. 
Well, it’s concluded then. Thousands of pages. Seven (7) Fbi background checks 150 witness interviews Not One shred of corroboration naming Judge K as the bad guy. Then, a slew of ridiculous questions from the liberal retarded questioneers. 
Ford Is Nothing Other Than A Lying Sjw Cunt Commie Bitch! 
Waters 1023/1024 so nearly full retard 
Omg one time i was at Walgreens and this ginormous niggerpotomus with fat rolls in places where i dont even have places came waddling on up behind me so i couldn’t see her right away but the Stank of gorilla shit slathered in cocoa butter hit me and i just choked hard and went Omfg Did A Nigger Fucking Die In Here Holy Shit Im Gonna Fucking Puke and i spun around to cuss her out but my Dad picked me up and put me back in the stroller but ill never forget that stench 
Maybe they don't have nearly as fast of a replacement rate of brain cells as normal people have, maybe the braincells commit sudoku once they know they belong to a liberal, maybe liberals are just so retarded it doesn't matter. Who knows, I don't have any liberal brains I can study for further analysis. 
I don’t want to use a lot of bad words, but uhm. The dumb leftist cunt shows exactly how the left debates these days. They are not civil even when asked to. 
I'll say it: lying cunt! It was all an act and multiple people just proved it. I feel we can talk about this all day, but it's like 04: 14 over here: ') 
Give it a few hours and we’ll all enjoy screenshots of black women tweeting about white males being dangerous. And the media’s presentation will completely ignore the fact that black males kill more people with guns on a daily basis than random rogue white shooters combined. 
Oh, yes, those nigger sows will be wailing and weeping fairly soon. They'll ignore the fact that the nigger buck is responsible for a whole lot more violence than White males. 
You already said that, retreating nazi faggot 
I call you a phony beaner faggot 
Coming "soon" to a liquor store that might be near you, a refreshing mild sour and salty vodka called "Liberal Tears". Enjoy the taste of regret, remorse and resignation from the retarded left. Guaranteed to contain 100% patriotism, regardless of it's alcohol content. 
What are you 15 years old you fucking retard 
I would knock you out in one hit, you christian faggot sucking jewish dick 
Dayum, nigger 
See? Now they use it as a weapon against any male of their choosing. Evil cunt bitches! 
Self righteous cunt boomer. Typical and predictable. You cunts ruined the white world and then you claim that your grand children are responsible. I can't wait till the boomers are all finally dead, due to old age. Would have been better if boomers were put in camps instead 
The moment you feel compelled to ask your neighborhood Neurologist; How much does a Retarded Physical Gene affect the Mental Process? 
Dumb faggot should. Have stayed on top of his shit. What a waste of. Time 
Schumer is retarded 
This is every Jewish cunt working in tech and media in La, Ny and Sf. 
"I Vouch for Becase She Is The Rightful President Of The Usa. And also, because I am an intellectually lazy twat with no ability to think critically. " 
No one I know gives a fuck that Muslims are killing Muslims. Apparently Faggot Acosta does 
I believe that had Ford actually been sexually assaulted or raped according to Muzzie laws she would have been treated to a kindly 100 lashes or stoned to death. Poor old Soursoul needs to be bagged up and sent back to one of the Islamic hellholes to experience the respect loud mouth women get from the men there. What a dumb ass. 
In the Us, all we need to do is drop the muzzie in gen pop. It will be taken care of quickly 
Watch out the faggot ghoul doesn't get you 
Das heisst Nigger ia 
Glad @a U got sorted out these fuck wits didn’t get on2 which that piece of shit had a account or that silly twat the day B4 had a account but nothing. Is everthing 
The word Nigger is so powerful because it is a Truth! 
Even the most civilized nigger is never more than 5 seconds away from a full chimp-out. 
- Such a clever response- "We need to ban people calling for things to be banned". No, not clever- it's inane. Typical faggot remark- designed only as a mindfuck. You're right, there ought to be much more banishment- as k1santa's post proves. 
Dumbass faggot 
Hmmmm I guess that's why my cunt libtard sister doesn't speak to me anymore. 
So this sand nigger needs to explain why so many Muzlims live in non Muzlim countries and expose themselves to women that don't cover as they would in a Muzlim country. They are living non-Muzlim lives when they have the opportunity to move to Muzlim countries where the women are covered. So technically they are living lies and it's not about religion, it's about control. Low Iq Muzlims believe they actually have the power to control strong minded, high Iq populations through intimidation and control of women. 
Cucked faggot 
If you're going to slander me you sorry Sob please tell everyone what My Last Name is, otherwise Stfu you cocksucking Faggot Nazi dick licker 
I have a question Julia. As you look around your Man Made home, with Man Made Plumbing and then as you look out into the Man Made Street from your Man Made Windows. At all that Man has Invented and Created. How do you with a Cunt feel Equal? Cock Sucking? 
Roflmfao lynch Is A Lying Criminal Obese Cunt That Looks Like A Football Player Fucking Animal Degenerate Trash 
Apparently the claim is he was on Pcp. I would have shot him too. Not going to let some crazy drugged up nigger loose to kill someone 
Muh fake rape allegations. Booohooo. Has anyone of these supposedly "traditionalist" "right-wingers" who whine about that shit ever thought of the angle that this is actually a good thing? Anything that puts a dent in this degenerate nigger-tier hook-up culture is positive in my book. B-b-but muh cummies! Kys nigger. 
Black Beast nigger rapists. 
The retarded left. 
Shes like the female varg, she is somehow less intelligent and less informed than that retard 
Cunt 
The communists are trying to subvert the retard normies, as usual. And it clearly worked for this post 
Seems he is calling you out here is his message: Screen shot this. I will beat him silly if he wants to square up legally lol Hahahaha Shill What a fucking plantation nigger 
Not likely, you dumb ass Muzzie Pos! 
A white supremacist woman and a transplanted Canadian twat trying to tell Black Americans how they really feel. Ok then. 
Eat Shit Nigger And Die! 
Might be a kike. Anyway, did ya ever notice how these types are usually wimpy beta males and/or homosexuals? Woe to this faggot if the shit ever hits the fan. His ilk will regret the day they ever thought about fucking with us. Personally I could beat the crap out of five of these Leftist pussyboys if they ever attacked me. 
Go back and Read your own posts. Your "Look at me, I'm a Nazi! " shit is childish, like a little retarded boy. 
What kind of fucking retard thinks blacks are white supremacists and the "ok" sign is some covert signal? 
She needs to demand her money back she evidently did not pass college as a economics major what was she taking retard classes 
Using asian women as surrogates. Now if the child is raised with an asian mother, that's a whole other set of problems. Same as white women adopting nigger babies. 
The jews are the government, retard. 
Killing like 10 Jews isn’t going to do anything but give us better optics, retard 
Let's also kill this sand nigger 
The cutest thing is the cat, the second on is that the dumb cunt think's she looks cool by surrounding herself with tools. 
Nigger are always Vile! 
Disgusting apartment and two freaks crying. That guy is autistic as fuck and Venti has the brain of a retarded 11yo. 
Hey jew, what are you doing to the asshole of that rabbi? Jesus Christ jew, take it easy, rubber is not a f'n tepid liter of enema water. Why don't you go piss in a water pistol 'n practice being a squirter with your antifa panties all in a wad all stuck up your asshole? Remember jew, only jews interact with Allbutt Hindstain. This is the Gab. Ai design 
Hey jew@jew, it's no mystery what goes on here on Gab. Ai. Jew, it was suspect from day one and on day 21 there were jew jokers'n ass clowns raging hebrew boners and Mgm rabbi dick. When you get a clue it's from your asshole and you can suck that shit off your fist guy. Judaism is terrorism and you are a f'n criminal. Now blow faggot smoke up some more ass 
Such a dirty slut, show us ur tits skank 
If u were attractive u wouldnt be afraid to show ur tits to gabbers, do it and hot men like myself will believe ur words and listen to u. I promise 1k likes minimum 
Hot men? How adorable you think ghetto nigger makes a hot man lmao! I've already been through your account Mr I am a nigger. You do realize I'm only engaging with you to laugh at you right? But then again the actual definition of nigger means an ignorant person so I don't expect you to understand it lmao 
I realize everything, but are a whore for showing ur fat cleavage online. So might as well act one u pig 
But Are a whore lmao! Did mommy leave you with cps when she ran off with that white man? Awe! Guess you don't get the best schooling in cps care huh? Awe 
Isn't this stupid nigger under federal investigation for some crooked shit? 
You're already proving yourself wrong. You do not speak or behave like a normal person. You talk and behave like a fucking retarded lunatic. 
Can you imagine that disgusting nigger sheboon lumbering into a meeting with other heads of state? The Us would be the laughing stock of the world. 
Cuz White ppl aren’t indigenous to anywhere we were made in a lab by an evil scientist dont u know Anything about nigger liberation theology? 
Half Nigger Commie Pinko Faggot! 
What's worse than a Muslim? A Nigger Muslim. 
Um. An alive one. 
I’m starting to feel bad Pauli n appreciate ur willingness to not be a faggot n mute, or run. It’s a going to be a shame that I will probably hv to oversee ur camp stay. 
Another retarded lefty feminist who can't find a man! 
Fuck you, degenerate retard 
Fuk u faggot 
Cuck probably wears that shirt while watching a nigger fuck his wife. Loser. 
You're right on all counts. You're Still a faggot asshole. 
Well not a bad mornings work shot a brace of cunts & but rank. Even my dog turned his nose up. 
Hi skanky you enjoying it on here 100s put you on here not just me. How is the verminator now she was more hated than you 1000s put her on massed reported her but then you have always been second best the ugly sister at the ball how’s wagistail he had a chat to me today. Why don’t he shut his acc and join you he seems lonely he as been crying 
And there she is Daft Cunt herself Queen Avatar Queen of fuck all. I counted 12 - 12 out of what 11k following lolz Where's my religious Queen? Which persona do you present to the girls' so that they send open legged photos to you? & pray tell why have u followed me when u wanted my departure so much? 
This is Not in any way an endorsement of the Amish. All Religious People Are An Insult To HUMAn Intelligence! 
Lol go fuck yourself, you deserve to be insulted for being a cunt, a stupid cunt 
To all the Muslim`s and Nigger immigrant`s in my country. I wish to suggest that you try this wonderful English port. Southampton! F*Ck Off BACk To Your Own Disgusting Sh*Tholes. 
I'm sort of Jew Muslim Black Lgbtq Illegal Hispanic Spic Shit done. I've really had enough of your crap. If you don't mind. 
Horrible faggot Owen Jones. 
Retard Nation. If you're just waking up. Welcome to the Idiocracy 
Nasty little faggot ain't he? 
So big deal. Harry fucked a nigger 
That's not "black power", that's "i'm gonna fist all you bitches". She's asserting her prison dyke dominance. 
I can only do my best to convince them. You're right. I can't stop a retard from putting a fork in a socket, nor will I. 
Sorry about all of the McCaskill posts, but she's a cunt and has no right to legislate against my, Or Your 2A rights. 
I keep muting this retard wictor over and over, gab keeps putting his garbage on my timeline, no more muting, I will simply shitpost reply to all of his retarded garbage. Fricken spook. 
Is it? Wtf could be! Little faggot start his company in a closet in dormrdormroom? Dormonu? Wtf Dude Lmfao Crazy! 
Does this mean I can retaliate by putting up "Keep Nyc nigger free" posters, and without backlash? Heh, blacklash. 
To me it says you need to stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Blocked and muted you fucking anime faggot 
Lezbos, eh? 
Y U do dis? Normally post picture ancient painting, very pretty. Now gross vampire dyke pic, do not wantP 
If someone does not realize the Truth, this is it. White men Factually have built every proper society, and Jews have always been parasitical cancer. This is a Fact. The Racist Jews have brainwashed people of the opposite of the Truth, just like the Holohoax. Whatever the Jew accuseth, they are guilty. All wars are Jew wars and all genocides have been done by the askeNazi Jews. Nazi Jews father is the devil. People are jealous of white people and the Jew has inverted this! Give me your opinion of this truth. Attacks on the Truth will be met with authority. 
Whoa, where did that come from? I'm willing to concede a point if it is well made. You are saying that blacks are generally retarded based on Iq, I reject that because there is no way in hell any sociologist has ever got the funding to go over and test native africans 
Teen or Paki? 
It's bound to be a nigger of some kind. 
Vote for the twat and get an A. How can any school allow this lunacy? 
The education system is full of retards! Yes, most school teachers are retarded lefties! Teach your children to laugh at these retarded lefties! 
The Jews are like Sjws, they infest everything. 
Why is that faggot standing in front of a giant rainbow? Looks like the rumors about Richard are true. 
So your not against it if there is unlimited supply of low paid jobs for MS13 murderers and drug runners, child trafficking gangs. Radical jihadists. Islamic suicide bombers. Serial rapists, serial peodoiles. Fucking disgusting evil retarded spastic. 
She better hope she has canteen or she'll be eating A Lot of nigger pussy! 
Win the midterms for goodness sake. You dont bring the military in just before an election you retarded ape! Sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up 
Thank God that retarded ordeal is over! Libtards. Commence hysterical crying & screaming. 
Niggah please. A dog knows when it has done something wrong. Blacks will never take responsibility. 
Give me a dog over a nigger anyday 
Cute Armenian Mudshark Stabbed 49 Times For Asking Black Roommate For The Wrong Sausage I guess you could say she asked for the wrong sausage at the wrong time. 
Looks like an amerimutt spic Mamzer to me. I only date blond hair, blue eyed women. A mulatto kiled a Mamzer. No harm, no foul. It’s not like any humans were injured. 
The one positive comment I will make about the Muzzies, they don’t put up with this faggot ass shit and would throw both of these pole smokers off the top of a tall building nearby. 
Malicious my ass. This Leftist judge et. Al make it sound like this contentious street nigger was put in the hospital or something. Harris was Asking for it and He Got It. In a former America, especially in the South, he would be exonerated, if arrested at all. 
The Brits are too busy taking muzzie dick up their ass 
Awww did the little Muslim have to edit his Morom to Moron cause his Iq is so low. Lol everyone can see you edited your post you Ignorant Goat Loving Muslim, carry your camel Jockey sand Nigger ass back to Twitter where you Belong, you Muslim Sob 
Britain First are cleaning up Ballymena. We have a gypsy problem from Romania. Plod need to know the consequences of backing the wrong side 
Peter Golding is a national hero, why oh why isn't he in the New Years Honours List? Better than Derek Half Nigger Haslam) 
Retarded strawman, nobody says that. The issue is that muslims are a secondary problem, bad, but easy to deal with if you don't have open borders. 
Ben Shapiro is a retarded moron himself 
What we need is a statesmen. A true leader. A proper ruler. Who can free us from this economic prison by means of autarky. What we got was faggot nonsense about the Capital of Israel and Muh Tax Cuck. Source: The Flag Goes Back Up the Circle Remains Unbroken - YouTube Address: 
That's a retarded bitch 
Ann Coulter gets to another crybaby Sjw Commie Pinko Cunt! 
Spend ten years in Auschwitz. My bitch love do race war, ooh. I gas a Jew, I forgot her name, yeah I can't let no cappies reign, rather go bomb the U. K. My gulag make more than wage slavery. Your blacks still live in the trees. Still gassing Jews in Poland. Me and mein Führer sing Deutschland, ooh. None of this shit be new to me, shootin' the bourgeois, call it revoluty. Got a new Panzer, Party gave it for free. Fuck your fighter jets, fuck your bourgeoisie. Bitch, your army cracks like some French cucks. I'd rather fuck a black from the mud huts. They threw me out a copter, fuck that spic Pinochet. Now I fly a bomber jet. 
I'm sure your illustrious massive brain is collapsing under the weight of your genius. You're an intellectual midget in comparison to me. You have the Iq of a retarded chimpanzee and the reasoning skills of an autistic child. Ironically your larping account is the epitome of your true status, minus the intellect. You are an ape. Muted. Lol 
Scouser = nigger 
Faggot power! Hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhhahahhahahahahahahhahahahahaa 
Oh fuck this is that Twat Watson again, starting to really dislike this Limey Lout. 
I had no idea what "loli echhi" was until I read Torba's response and he's right. Nobody wants to look at your retarded child porn hentai. And like at the faggot white supremacists, you're like "der, doesn't matter, it's free speech. " Too bad, nobody cares about your little baby whining. 
Stupid hook-nosed Paki Maajid Nawaz moaning about hijabs being put on children whilst ignoring the main issue of Muslims taking over Britain. 
I just can't believe the stupidity of wanting radical racial/religious minorities. Did 2 World Wars kill all the people with any brains? Is every white nation in a retard contest? 
Mr Lewis I have a modicum of respect for but Slatty Dave is just another nigger cocksucker. 
*laughing & yawning* fuck you retard & you're idiotic voodoo. 
Simply answer based on what You believe. Do you believe Wtc Building 1, Wtc Building 2 and Building 7 collapsed into their own footprints on 9/11/01 as a result of demolition explosives or as a result of 2 airplanes? 
This poll proves that gaggers are over 70% illiterate redneck morons. 
Lol look it's a beta fag telling us about a poll, and um, how was Hillary's poll? Oh right 98% chance of being president! Do liberals even know how numbers work? 
Lol look it’s a dumbass assuming that anyone who isn’t a conspiracy retard has to be a democrat. Omg you gaggets are so dumb. 
You are the worst kind of democrat faggot, one who can't even admit to being a Democrat! 
Your troll game is weak as fuck. How long is your temper tantrum gonna last retard? 
Confirmation bias is what your hillbilly brain is suffering from. Sorry, I won’t be joining your crazy club. 
Oh, and something so simple even a faggot like you could grasp. The Pentagon covered in Cameras as well as surrounding gas stations etc. But they release 5 frames of footage? Seriously? Be Smarter Dumbfuck. 
Liberals are retarded. 
Go a step further Hun, stop breeding. 
You fail to see whats going on here She dont want you to feed your child with antibodies hormones & other godly goodness so that your child is a beta male deficient in many ways. I bet you 100, 000$ she gets her tits out to force feed her bastard for as long as she can. So that her child become a fully formed alpha male. That will dominate your beta male soyboy. 
I was breastfed, as was my 2 sons, I always thought that was the reason for our fondness? 
Do hide who they are. They should feel for holding such as their beliefs After all. The poster of that on a public forum. 
Wtf? I think the batteries in your brain need changing! 
What the hell donu think they did before bottles and formula came along? U r nutso for even thinking this is a true statement u put out there! 
Libtards: We can’t have toddler Raptist walking around! Normal person: U mean somebody walking around raping Toodllers? That’s the sickest thing I ever heard. Libtard: No. I mean toddlers inappropriately touching their mothers. They create a toxic environment For us women. Normal person: Ok maybe second sickest, Thing I ever heard. 
That’s as bad as fruitcake that said people need to ask permission of a baby to change their soiled diapers. These nuts are either Mkultra experiments let loose on the streets or there’s a Top Secret Idiot Factory somewhere churning these morons out by the trainload every day. 
Skank typical nigger whore. Stupid nigger still lives on the plantation. 
Well. I hate to say this folks, but we are headed for the Shooting Part of that damn Civil Or Revolutionary War We Now Find Ourselves, And Remember, It Is Those Fking Lawless COMMUNIsT DEMOrATS That Started THIs Under That Muslim Fraud Nigger Obama And Old Hillary Beast And SOrOS. 
"I'll give you high marks if you can dig out photos of Winston Churchill, bare naked, attempting to seduce his (male) Private Secretary. Or find us a pic of Obama taking Michael's erection up his back passage. " Sounds like you've got a special request from some faggot nazi that needs some new material, to me, there Pauli. Better get right on it! 
Redneck please. The media and Fbi and Doj is monitoring this site for crying out loud. 
They do bring in tax revenue (not income tax) and some apply for citizenship plus most (but not all) of the Daca types are contributing or will be to the economy & quality of life. The Hispanic illegals also represent nearly 42% of our agricultural workers plus add in the legal Hispanic immigrants the figure climbs to 71-73%. So yeah, they do contribute. 
I can say with a substantial amount of confidence that you have rectal prolapse and Grids 
Here you go, faggot. I know math is hard but there are big pictures, you should be able to work it out if you go slow. Pay attention to the part in red 
My view is that you're a disingenuous shill faggot trying very unsuccessfully to stir up Fud, and whoever is paying you is in no way getting their money's worth 
I'm not paid by anyone, just trying to get you to look at your own government and it's culpability in all of this vs. Immigrants. 
No, that wasn't the "debate" we were having. You claimed that illegals were an economic benefit, you got Btfo, and now you've been squirming and trying to move goalposts ever since. Very very hebraic my (fellow white man ) 
Okay, I digress, illegals are economically beneficial Only If properly documented and contributing to tax revenue coupled with the reduction/removal of social welfare programs. In the current state of things I'd say I agree that they are not beneficial at this point in time. 
Still wrong, kike. "Legal" immigrants are not inherently beneficial by any standard. 
"'Legal' immigrants are not inherently beneficial by any standard", please elaborate. 
That's what you came up with? Lmao wow I guess I'd better cut off my dick and start defending retarded attention whoring e-girls now. Dude you're gay, you've revealed yourself. Go pay for her premium content like a good little paypig. 
U expect anything else from an Ignorant Nigger! 
Nope. Republicans opened the borders. Supported racist affirmative action laws. Told white people to only have one child. Encouraged never ending wars that killed white people and made them a target for every kind of radical on earth. The republican vote is as retarded as the democrat vote. 
Is this a republican fanboy that would support his evil rulers just like a liberal would? Is this what republicans want to do? More retarded blind allegiance to the same never ending war party. That is not securing the border? 
Hinsehen! Nigger was denn sonst. 
Snoop Dogg: Kanye Is An 'Uncle Tom'. 
And Snoop is a low iq nigger 
Who gives a fuck if a traitor and yes the Sand Nigger was Judas was executed? Stop being a tool. 
Also you get called a cunt if you question st tommy yaxley passport and mortage fraud midgit 
Niggers doing nigger stuff to create fake news and have their video posted to People of Wal-Mart 
Faggot could only do that to a woman 
Only a faggot would ask a faggot question like that, nazfag. 
I hope this faggot prick went to jail! 
No nigger made that. 
Sorry nigger you brought up preferance I didn't. 
This is the dumbest politition in Australia, Matbe the world, , , a piece of drift wood has a higher Iq than this retard, , , I know "Retard" is a bit strong as its very insulting to Retards, , , , , , , , , 
What's black and white with red all over? Dead nigger skulls 
British cops are joke anyway. They are there to protect third world sand nigger shit eaters and arrest British citizens 
Nigger keeps posting images of himself with a blonde, White female to someone who spent his entire life with the same. It is rather sad that you consider being around a White, blonde a major life-changing feat, whilst I consider the same to be the norm. Rather says a lot about you and your entire race. 
Exactly my point. He believes being around with a White woman will 'better' him, yet he will Always be a Nigger. 
'Twould not surprise me. I am too busy laughing at the 'look at my White wife! ' desperation to be 'accepted' by Whites because he hates himself and his own race so much. 
Nigger 
Danke ) I hope in the long run the yoke is on that muzzie bastard Keith. 
First Lindsay Graham, now this faggot grows a pair. I think they're all on drugs. 
Personally, I'd trade that molester faggot queen Takei for a couple nickels to Saudi Arabia where he can learn the meaning of keeping his shit eating slimy dick sucking mouth shut. 
Cunt 
Punch back twice as hard and then follow up with a cunt punt. 
Where are White Americans going to flee to? The jew nigger invasion of America is in Full Swing! 
Jews are whites. Socialists are niggers 
Right, man i was on the streets at 13 handing out fliers while you were pushing middle age. Ive been in this a hell of a lot longer than you, you trump penis floater, muh constitutional faggot 
This one got me booted off Fb for a week. I find it to be one of the most insanely ridiculous things I've ever seen. The retarded liberals who came up with this concept are living in another reality. Pathetic. 
Yup nigga owes me for all those taxes I sent to Afri-hoobi-joobi land since the 60s when their Retard Fathers failed miserably and begged for help all bcause they have no ability to think at all. Why would anyone want offspring like that? 
Millions died and were maimed so this stupid bitch could be free from tyranny. Emily Dawes tweeted that the mural of white men needs to be taken down even if she had to paint it over myself. 
Beau went Full Retard delicious 
He is such a faggot 
I tell you the "man" is retarded! Sorry to retarded folk. 
Oh yeah, the two states that haven't succumbed to White genocide are the two most redneck states in the nation but ya know, let's not listen to them or anything cuz they're a bunch of retarded hicks with terrible optics 
Now I'm confused. Obama is fighting for freedom. Oh wait, it's a Muzzie helping Muzzie. My bad. Not confused anymore. 
Wrong. Hes a nigger so ultimately Snl will apologize to him. Take it to the bank. 
Look @a, the little faggot is reporting me Lol ) 
For my part in my travels in Kanaduh over 40 years of it I have Always called them the MountMe's. Bunch of faggots before it was cool. KanaDuh and all. 
No faggot mountme lover, you eat a dick. Lol! 
A Nation of Law and Order: Lib teacher fired for Kill Kav twat Liberal Teacher Fired after She Tweeted So Who’s Gonna Take One For the Team and Kill Kavanaugh? 
And of course in thee insanely arrogant and stupid nigger opinion their lesser lives than whitey couldnt be because theyre way less mentally developed than whitey and werent making a damn thing but grass huts and shrunken skulls all history while thousands of years ago euro buildin greece/rome/englend/etc. Theyre flippin Crazy 
Says the faggot who thinks there are 80 genders 
Right. He Is A Worthless Nigger Drama Queen. 
Who was that faggot witht he bots like 8 months ago i called him a Faggot so he had his bots downvote me to shit? 
Why are these fucking hookers yacking about their relationships online? Yes, I am talking about you nigger venti. 
Because street crime is an overwhelmingly black occupation. 
Oh please any twat that lets their daughter be raped by anyone needs killing 
Why are these jihadi jane ingrates even in america in the first place? 
Ugly, vile twat reminds me of the Goon from Popeye cartoon. 
. The Based Nigger Moment has infected Gab, Ds, and I'm sure TRSthe alt-niggers 
These Freaking Retarded People! Look In The Mirror, You Dumbas. What Color Are Yyyoooouuuuuu 
Jesus turned over the table of the Jew money changers and called them the Synagogue of Satan. He railed against their Book of Elders Jesus was a Christian. And all Jews must Stop being Jewish and become Christians. Rev 3: 9 faggot 
You need to tell them before you leave to suck on this nigger lovers. 
Faggot 
Ha ha. There are men right now rotting in prison for false rape charges despite not only zero evidence, but exculpatory evidence. A nigger killed a white man, the jewish Da released him because the nigger claimed he was called a nigger. Keep fantasizing that justice or evidence matters. 
Written by a christard yesterday in here, They choose that goddamn sand nigger Over their race 
Eat a shit squirrel in the woods like a faggot 
Ah, so a sand nigger admitting to (bragging, actually) raping White women is not evidence? Only a Zog conviction counts? 
Why have they not just put this faggot in general population at a nasty-ass pen? Over and over again this happens. New priest asks altar boy "What do they give around here usually for oral and anal immorality? " "Hmm, Father. Usually a candy bar and a Coke-" 
The seldom heard of Cunt o saurous 
Well, I don’t hate spics, I just hate living near spics and hearing their language / music. I like tacos. Am I a shill? 
You're a spic cuisine approproator. 
Lmfao, I was more on fuck the black trans retard level, but yeah. Very well said. What kind of society are we in where we thrust the weakest of us to the front of the line, and held up like they are the peak of human evolution. One Emp and they wouldn't last a day. 
- This is trolling. You don't do this. For me a troll is really a "fag-troll". I don't use that term often because it's redundant. A faggot is what we have here. "If somebody scares you you let me know". 
- This is the deal with so-called semitic fag-trolls- they love getting people all worked up, they assume some are Real Men, then someone will mention circumcision, and they get off on it. They stop being political very quickly. Yuck. 
D. C. Also told someone to bend over so he could show them in a reply, complete faggot. 
Not even 5 minutes. Walk in. Bam. Walk out. 5 seconds and that asswipe nigger is toast 
He lost his limbs so faggots like you could jerk off to the Saudis and Israelis you warmongering piece of shit. 
He sucks the dick of the Saudis and is a Rabid zionist constantly pushing for us to overthrow Assad. You are a silly boomer faggot that sucks on Jew cock. 
That meme is retarded on so many levels, lol 
Oh I get it. He's a nigger 
Then why do you ignorant fuckers Always report that the nigger shot was unarmed? Liberal socialism is a form of mental retardation 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
I told you all Trump did not make the money himself. He is an incompetent. His father was the steering hand behind All his "deals. " Even lil Don Jr would admit his father is a retard in private. 
She looks terrible a typical dyke marxists which she is. That all the country needs a sodomite/lesbo leader. Not to mention her hatred of christianity stop wadting your votes she has no chance of election but will split votes from Ukip putting lab/con back in. 
I'm watching the Florida governor's debate and it just reinforces what a joke this country is. It's between a high Iq White man who's also a slimey Jew bootlicker and some dumb nigger with terrible grammar and a poor command of the English language 
The nigger actually said " the proof is in the eating" 
Tempe Az is in a similar situation. Once upon a time was a peaceful, fairly crime-free suburb of Phoenix. Now Both cities have "female" Police Chiefs in the last 2-3 years, crime has skyrocketed. Tempe's Pc was recruited from El Cerrito, Ca, a suburb just north of Berkeley in Northern California. Yes Tempe has a liberal faggot mayor as well. It's only a matter of time when they tell the good ones on the police force to stand down (and there are some Great guys on there. Notice many have taken retirement in the last couple of years. Hmmm. 
The end result is an Iq 85 nigger that's nothing but a violent drain on the modern world. 
Because niggers still have an 85 Iq when that data is included. Are you a dumb nigger or just a troll? 
Merrick garland is a kike, Btw, so we dodged that bullet. Clinton and Obama have been loading the court with Jews, that's the reason for the hatred of Kavanaugh, he's not a hook-nosed subhuman. And when that old cunt dies, we'll get rid of one more jew 
Booker Is Gulity Until Proven Innocent! Fucking Dumbass Nigger! 
I lost all respect for Ted Danson when he started banging that ugly nigger bitch. 
No nigger made that. 
Sorry nigger I dont care about what you look like. Also I dont want to know about your venereal diseases, slut. 
Muted goodbye. Twat 
You made an account to be a twat, you're a twat fuck off! 
Stopped sounding retarded @_the_Mad_Pirate. If you cant Glorify viokence then 90% of our Movies & Literature would be illegal & banned. Stop Spouting off with your stupid Boomer Bullshit. You sound like an Sjw Sperg! 
Well I am smart enough to tell you, To go fuck your self, And you can tell Carolyn what ever you want to yourself I not your nigger Kike 
Now your gettin retarded 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
The only pathetic thing I see is a filthy ChristoJew Papist trying to turn Gab in to TwittKike. 
Odin was Cunt who got gut fucked by Monks. 
News flash anti jew nazis on here. White People Invented Socialism Communism! So we gota hate all the whites too! If u blame jews for every evil plot u see in everything then hate ur white nazi self for being white and inventing the evil socialism communism 
Could you be more retarded / 
I think the media is severely lying about the race being close. No one that's not retarded would support the left. Just look at Trump's rallies, largest gatherings in history. You would think it was the Beatles showing up. 
What's the difference between Twitter and Gab? Surprisingly not much. Both sites have fags that want to censor people for something they don't like. On Twitter it could be anything. On Gab it's fucking pictures. For sites that proclaim to be "Free Speech" advocates they both have a funny way of showing it. I know a majority of users who were on Minds have seen/heard this song and dance before, but it bares repeating. Lolicon/Shotacon in the United States is not illegal and it's not viewed as "obscene". At least under the legal definition of the word. So once again I have to link this court case, United States v. Handley 2008, just to prove this point. So here is the WIkipedia Article that summarizes what the case was about and the ultimate decision from that case and the case itself: Now some of you are probably wondering "Morphbox why are you making a big deal about this? " Well it's simple. I value Freedom of Speech. Both the spirit and the law and the law in the Us has been undermined for several decades now by moral busybodies who just want to cause a moral panic and this time is no different. That and Obscenity Law(s) are bullshit. I know most people came to this site to have fun and just post random shit about anime girls and sometimes guys, but it's now down to principles. So I hope @a and his legal team actually look over this case and realize under Us Law as far as I'm aware Lolicon and Shotacon are legal. They are just drawings of fictional children yes doing sexual acts, but they are fictional none the less and yes they do have artistic merit to them. You may not like it, but ultimately that's your problem and not mine. Nor is it anyone else's. Now then here is some tasteful loli everyone including certain prudes can enjoy. 
Unfollowed and muted, fucking retard 
Update breaking news Another Lying Cunt Bites The Dust. Lying Whore. Stormy Daniels defamation suit against Trump dismissed Sent from my iPad 
Are you two nuts? Going after each other over politics in name calling on a social media outlet is one thing. I get called out daily on Gab for being a 'faggot, nigger loving' Libtard. So what? I'm from Brooklyn. I can verbally 'kick-ass' on Gab with the best of Trump supporters. But violence? Putting out your address? That's a whole 'nother level of nuttiness. 
Oh great, the nigger is here. What do you want? 
This is what a Jewish Run society looks like. Jews put dumb morons in positions of authority and pit them against the populace. The retarded asshole police then try and intimidate the populace into not even being able to protect themselves. Jews = Harbingers Of Death, Rape, Disease, And Plagues. 
Wow! Bitch Is More Stupid Than Just Stupid! No Wonder Her Idiot Tribes People In Africa Are STARVInG NoW, Nigger Don'T Like GOIn' InTo De Feelz To Workz! 
Cunt if you have a baby! Also cunt Jewish is a religion not a race! You no fuck all pervert! Your just a patronising old cunt who spoutes shit and if anyone disagress or points points anything out you attack with abuse! Your just an old pervert who things he's something commenting on a subject you know fuckall about. 
>still liking the Zog flag at this point Oh no, it's retarded 
That’s what you get for being black, do that again and I’ll drop ur stocks 
The only reason for someone to not hate a nigger is because they have never had any coontact with the savages other than the fake just like you and me niggers on tv 
Give that cunt 20 years. Make an example of her 
Nigger lovers. Disgusting 
Fuck this dyke 
Another retarded sand nigger cock sucker 
I piss on antisemites from a considerable height. 
No you don't. You are a beta faggot with micro-dick. You only piss on yourself. 
Take your piss shower, cunt 
Mathew Richards is a giant dick skin eating faggot. Your a delusion gaslit retard spewing Jewish bullshit. 
A bullet a day keeps the nigger away 
I would have said that before as well, but not anymore. He's a nigger lover letting the real pedos go while investing time in lolicons. 
That retarded bitch is what so many women are becoming 
My Mom was a housewife "stay-at-home" and worked hard at it, plus did volunteer work. Krysten Smegma>cuntiest cunt of cuntdom. Ugh. 
Who knew Mat Bracken was a bigger faggot than me? 
All leftists are despicable Retarded Racist human sewage! Absolute Scum! 
We need to take the world back and get rid of all the filthy Lying Racist Jew Pigs! Jews are despicable Scum! 
The. A notorious spic bastard, male prostitute, who primarily followed. And now A get a load of the "vanafesto" he drove around. Must have been real hard for (Fbi) to catch this 56%! 
Fuck off faggot 
Looks like a commie cunt. Nigger lover. Commie cunt to me. 
My screen name existed on the net 20 years before your faggot name ever did. Look me up, you'll get my phone number, address, everything you want, cowardly inbred piece of shit 
Nigger jews on food stamps and welfare checks from America. 
Christians didn't build them. They were there before. Remember: The Jew never works too hard. He steals and then takes credit. The whole story of the building of the "Great Cathedrals of Europe" relies upon the claim people bled and died to build them out of piety. But our research has found no such Christian piety among these people. The story collapses. 
He's questioning roman history and i'm pointing out that the romans had a proletariat in a pre-industrial society. Doesn't that seem a bit odd? 
No because the plebeians/shudras/thralls are an archetypal indo european worker caste. 
The point is that they developed a class consciousness, which is what separates them from the peons of all other contemporary parallels 
How can they not have class consciousness if society was already arranged by strict caste systems? It would be like going to school and not knowing what grade you're in. 
There is no class conciousness in our time, so why would they be more aware? 
Because we got dumb 
We always were. All good literature ever is about despair over how retarded man is, , it never changes. 
We got even dumber 
Its a nice thought. 
Its Called Fredom Of Speech Period. Wtf? We Need To Derail Hate Speech Laws As It Is Faggot Liberal BULLSHIt Enabling A Lot Of THIs INSANItY 
At the barber's today, I asked to have my hair cut like Tom Cruise. So the cunt gave me a cushion to sit on. 
Jake Tapper is a c*t. 
Cunt 
That was not a random trap on Flake. It was well planned by Soros & carried out by his paid minions. Nothing the democrats do is "random". It's all Planned & paid for by Globilists Bilderburgs. Mainly Soros. This cunt is one of his paid disrupters. 
Hit time where is Jimmy et. Al when you need the Black Hand/Irish Southies? 
Sorry- I don’t give Democrats, or Jew Nazi Soros (that turned other Jews over to the Nazi’s to save his own miserable skin) that much credit. They just are not that smart! Hell, Trump stays 10 steps ahead at all times, and they are too dumb to get him on anything! He plays them like a fiddle! 
Colombians don't have much experience with democracy; in keeping with what she's familiar with, she took a bribe. 
So gross. 
Flake is a coward. I would never let these assholes intimidate me! Give it back double and back it up with a gun! 
When are we going to start punching these fuckers in the face? 
Dunno but deal me in! 
Me too. 
Soros himself is not the mastermind. He is the minion of the Rothschilds. 
Does she know what can legally happen when someone fears for their families safety? 
This is going to bite them in the ass. 
It's 60, 000 dollars for the gay wagon too here so an there is a lot of fsghots here boy buying this faggot ass death traps with locking up steering columns and brakes 
Fucking Cunt Commie Pinko Sjw Needs To Shut The Hell Up! 
Twat should make himself clear he believes victims of Rape when the accused is a Conservative not a feeble mined Sjw or Demonpratt! 
Debbie did dallas and tommy did the uk army will he end up in a bin like raf man off fab swingers get a fake muzzie to say some comment better not upset the tammy 2 weeks that diva is back to the court 
"anyone who has ever said anything about Soros has blood on their hands" Lol typical retard unable to think. So good or bad, if you spoke About Soros you have blood on your hands? Idiot 
That's just how retarded the libtards are. It's scary 
I’m just a yellow nigger with a stick rn 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
He's also opted to not go into retirement, donate his presidential salary to charity, be the target of fucking retards like you and take on one of the most stressful jobs in the world. Pull your head out of your ass, Npc. 
He never followed through with donating his salary to charity and profits from gifts from foreign leaders in violation of the constitution i can make you look like the fucking retard that you are any time or anywhere You showed the world you were a retard when you voted for trump 
Fuck Satanism 
This faggot put together this diss post; confirmed signs of a trigger faggot! 
The retard is funding & thinks gasses his own people when it's drumph's Isis butt-buddies committing the. Trump is a total stooge 
Naw! Clowns are funny, while this Muzzie Pos is Not! 
If this faggot Daines fucks things up by going to his daughter's wedding. His days as a senator will be done after his term is up: Hold the vote at 11 pm? Did Daines sit on this news, too? New to me. What a fucked-up circus- 
Praising Martin nigger King. Democrats are the real racists. 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
How would your Nono feel about you calling me a pasta nigger all the time? I thought you pagans were all about honouring your ancestors. Guess that was just a load of shit like everything else that comes out of a pagans mouth. 
Nigger faggot soy boy. Go wank your sister. 
This is a standard retard response from this moron. It must suck to be this stupid. I bet she weighs 300 pounds and smells like shit. 
I feel bad for nigger women. They hate you more than we do. Your mud shark gash means nothing to us; you are drawing away the defective Dna. Is that even a White woman. The nose is a little hosey 
The retard is a gab stalker 
They are too busy babysitting and pampering nigger crybabies. Damnable niggers! They are nothing but a burden and a problem for America! 
Angry? Of course. But more retarded than angry. 
Jews are Nazis who work in tangent with the Swiss Nazi's and Pharaoh Nazi's who control all the Trust Funds in the world. The whole lot is a group of indoctrinated retarded fuck twits, Nazis Jews and Swissy's included. Fuck what you heard, cause its a crock of shit. 
And I Bet Lee Was Behind It. That Nigger BItCH Needs Destroyed Also. 
Retarded driver cuts the turn short, tries to take out concrete pkg garage pillar with driver side of van. Need to view from news site, impact at 0: 30 mark. 
He told his kike Dyke boss, one day he'd burn all the dirty faggots and the kikes and the white supreeemists would rule the world. 
Muh blond- blue eyed Nor. Oh sheeeit muh blond-blue eyed Turk 1. Danish male celebrity Vs 2. Turkish male celebrity is so retarded, he has to work real hard to be upgraded to level Stupid. 
Yeah, he later tried to wiggle out from sh*t by making posts about how he did not say he supports Nato intervention. Does not work though. Nato intervention was against Christian Serbs, he gloated about Danes murdering Serbs, therefore he supports Nato intervention. He is a retard for real. No spark of a rational thought. 
Faggot perverted jews 
Gas! 
No shit retard. You idiot. "You fucking niggers"? Who are you cop? What up cunt? You drunk or the Fbi hijacked you? That sounds like a cunt cop post. Run your trap after you take stiches w Proud boys or when your pony up for the C-Ville victims. Learn your place faggot. In the meantime you stink like a cop. Go fuck your mother. 
Score a big win for the left and the media spouting the Debunked 1 in 4 women are sexually abused propaganda. Dfc - Dumb Fucking Cunt 
Well Did go full retard a long time ago! 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
To presume that Jews believe and act on this Bs is stupid beyond what we (white people) expect from Other white people< You fucking Dummy sand nigger lover 
'cause nigga sniper sittin' in them trees will shoot wetback scum between the eye as soon as they try cross border 
Says the fucking retard 
Look at that faggot coward who killed himself. Lol. Yellow looks great on his dumb leftist ass 
Here's another kike faggot. 
Oh u will be ok fruitcake. I know you smell jews in your coffee. Fear not. It’s not jews. Just the fact that you were a failed abortion, and your mother Hates you. 
Yeah. And not a Jew hating piece of garbage like you? Have you ever sought help? Maybe medication? You blame everything bad in your pathetic life on other people. 
Faggot, you are 
Btw. I have never met a Single male named Max that wasn’t a dick sucker. 
The goofy part is that she got elected as some sorta conservative, even though her resume was chuck full of Sjw crap, and has proven to be just another of many idiotic leftist twat negotiators who don't give a crap about their country 
Uk is a cucked faggot society! They deserve every rape, bombing, and stabbing they get. Unfortunately there are no more men in that garbage island of a country that are willing to stand up and take back what Was there's. Uk is the new Sweden. 
There's a good fuckin' reason we despise these rat faced perfidious invasive species you MAGAtards call "Muh Greatest Ally" Jews hate Whites 
Run and hide then, faggot 
Fuck that cunt whore. 
Oh ya, hillbilly bob. Faggot is misspelled. Now go level your momas single wide 
Faggit 
The left's new favorite N-word is Nigger Nazi 
And it's Sunday night, but I can see you spent the whole weekend on the internet like a real Alpha, Soy Gibson. You faggot Leftists think that you're winning because you're boring? Pathetic. 
Only Fucking retarded spastic is you. You asked Was that English. Then quoted my post word for word. You must be a down syndrome person? 
There's an article abt how a Banksy painting just sold at auction for $1. 4 mil and then as soon as it was sold, it triggered a shredder hidden in the frame that destroyed it "to the shock of onlookers. " Can someone seriously explain to me why anyone cares about this faggot? His artwork is just stenciling. Literally a paralyzed child could do it. 
Jew nigger - modern art is a kike creation. Ask these questions of your rabbi when he gives you the jewish reach around. You're like a Christian missionary in the Amazon asking Yanamamo indians about fortune cookies. 
My post made perfect sense, kike nigger anus. And again, you bring up sexual perversion like a typical Kike. 
Fuck you boy. Did you take time on lunch break from the cock farm to post me? Im a "deuce bag" remember you cumstick. Fuckin retard with a lisp. 
This jew at has been quoting and reposting "nazis" all day (including quotes from Jesus himself about the bloodsuckers known as jews), and he legitimately thinks he's pwning them. Lol. Those jews, man. They truly are as arrogant as they are blind. 
What a fucking faggot shill. With goys like this, no wonder (they) win. Sad! 
He was a Jewish? Lol! Yes. A nigger Jew to be precise 
Asylum seekers with diseases Make them a sandwich or you’re a cunt Piss on a burkha today Lovely Scottish lad 
's best song. Look at what a happy, organic, jew-free society looks like. I have visited with old people who lived under the Reich starting in the 1990s. Even if they have been brain-washed into self hatred since, they all admitted that the time of the Reich was the happiest, healthiest time in their lives, and some were moved to tears when telling of the times they got to see Hitler, the man who, for close to a generation, freed a people from the tyranny and demoralizing rule of the jew. Never forget, we fight for the human dignity of our women, our children, and the legacy of our ancestors, who, for a time, could rise in the morning and lay down to bed at night, having breathed every breath of their day as free men. Live free or die, come to respect the man who Gandhi deemed one of the most just men in history There are many paths to restoring health, and one of the best ones is to see through jewish historical revisionism, and accept Hitler into your heart as a liberator of man and a champion of human dignity. 
Great video but why the fucking nigger rap music? Fuck that nigger shit 
I Agree! Fuck the nigger cRAP nonMusic! 
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo slammed by Police officer’s widow for pardoning her husband’s killer and restoring his ability to vote. Cop Killing Nigger Lives Matter 
President Trump Say's? Say'S? What kind of retarded newspaper is this? 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Here come the Orcs. 
Question: How to own a blue check mark on Twitter? Answer: Become a fairy gay faggot like Jack Dorsey. 
Roflmfao You Ugly Yetti Skank With Ash And Warts Throw The Cunt A Bone Get Back On YouR Crack Corner And A Yetti Doesn'T Look Good In A Dress 
In a sense you have. When you see heathens advocating outright murder of white Christians. I've certainly seen it. Thankfully this is a small minority in no way representative of folk religion as a whole. 
Here is the problem with that reasoning. Pretty much every single one of us has had, in the past 1000+ years, multiple generations of Christian ancestors without whom we would not even exist. Should they have all been murdered and thereby just wiped out the white race? Of course not. Plenty of philosophies are destructive, and with christians in white countries being by far a minority compared to specifically marxist and globalist ideologies, they are far from an important priority Imo. 
All these Odin LARPers have one thing in common: next to no knowledge of the Christian faith, but they wish to use it as a strawman in their LARPery. As you note, there are next to no 'pagans. ' The alleged pagans on Gab are not people of learning, but appear to be feminist catladies with a new marketing angle. 
Gonna be the devil's advocate to some extent and say I believe some of the Odinists here are sincere and learned people of good will. Not all, but definitely some. And also that one of the biggest problems is that the Christians who debate them don't know their own faith. I listened to such a debate between the catlady and a couple of Christians and I cringed at how little they knew. (Of course, truly knowledgeable Christians likely would not have been selected for that role) But I definitely do see a large part of what you are saying, and think it has a very large element of truth overall. It seems some of these people are just using paganism as an excuse to vent anti-Christian hatred moreso than to promote anything positive paganism has to offer. 
"Maple Curtain" kinda made our point for us: The message is, "If you aren't a christian, you're an ignoramus, who deserves to be abused by christians. " When we call them on their abuse - however politely - suddenly, the christian becomes the victim Note: I don't believe in magical sky beings, but I've found that pagans are more reasonable that most christians 
I've found too many on both sides who are nasty hateful creatures. And I think, on Gab, the whole social media format tends to bring out the most extreme and nasty of people like the lady in this thread who argues that now would be a great time to kill all the christians since they are now a vulnerable minority. Think about that. With fewer than 1. 5% of the people on the planet being white women of child bearing age, that lady's anti-christian feelings are so intense she'd be okay with wiping a few of that precious 1. 5% out. I am perfectly fine with both to the extent that I believe both have the potential to be positive and valuable especially in opposition at this point to globalism, materialistic atheism, nihilism, etc. My own personal religious views are complex and don't conform to what anyone says they "ought" to be. But I believe in the 14 words and I think religious infighting especially between pro-white people is way beyond stupid. Happy merchants are rubbing their hands in glee. 
Not buying it, but I'm not gonna spend all night arguing about it. ) hint: *Christians* are failing to live up the standards of behavior set for them by their own saviour. Coming from a christian, the argument that pagans are just as bad as christians is a huge fail. *Huge* fail. ) 
I don't want to argue it either. I don't think that is really my argument in fact I have not been arguing pro-christian at all. I am arguing pro-not-killing-each-other. Let me give you an example. For over a decade I have directly or indirectly promoted Odinism in particular. Back when I did a podcast, I interviewed Odinists as guests, I positively reviewed their books, etc. At various times over the past decade I have made financial contributions to both the Asatru Folk Assembly and the Odinic Rite. Back last fall when one pagan started producing a magazine, I gave it positive reviews on my news site, bought many copies of it and distributed it, etc. As recently as a week ago I pointed a friend to the Odinic Rite. For years I had nothing but positive worthwhile interactions with Odinists who are unambiguously good people with good goals. Maybe in the grand scheme of things what I was doing had no value. I don't know. But my interactions on Gab have soured me significantly. Not because I have been trying to convert pagans to christianity (which would be a pro christian position) but because I have argued against attacking Pro-White people who are Christians. For that, these pagans have quite frankly for the most part treated me abominably. And as a result, I have most certainly stopped any promotion of their creators etc. Now Who has benefited from the fact they have lost my financial and promotional support? As I said, my own personal religious views are complex. Were they known, specifically my belief in the truth of orlog, no christian would call me christian. Even so, because I am formally theologically trained, I agree that by definition No Christian keeps the law. Were it not so, they would not require a savior. But beyond that, any reasonable Christian and certainly the pro-white ones know their churches are mostly subverted and most people who call themselves Christians. Are not. 
I am Ci. I am also wearing a Volknut around my neck. The two are not incompatiable. If you’re religion isn’t political, = tool of the Jew. Patriarchy serves white well being. Feminism does not. Any religious order, (Pagan or Christian), that is not pro white should be shamed. This is a starting point of an alliance. 
Did you say your mother was nigger, i knew it you act like a monkey bitch, and next time you threaten me you better follow threw Nigger kike pig fucking swine jew 
The Tommy Robinson with army the evil cunt the mod have only made all those with Tommy to leave the army what total load cunt s the mod is royal nazie cunt s that are not the normal army the real English people the people that one is has the population that won the second world war s not the royal army nazie insider Rothschild funded cunt s 
Why on earth do Western governments allow their own civilised Western culture to be destroyed and end up a retarded savage society. Centuries from now archeologists will find the remains and ruins of a once modern intelligent Western civilisation. 
Thanks to Nigger Moslem and his (j)pop sycophants. 
4/ Or specifically with the white supremacists who find the Npc meme awesome, how is "diversity is our strength" any different from "love your race"? It's like two sides of the retard coin. (Or actually the same side, since white supremacy and white nationalism originated from the Democrat party, which they hate to acknowledge) 
2000+ year old idea originated from a 300 year old country. Ok then class clown, time to sit and face the wall again, . 
Or you just made that up in between having gay sex. 
Faggot projection. Thanks but no thanks 
Or you're just gay. 
I bet you're going to repeat this every time you have gay sex. 
I bet I'm going to repeat it every time you're gay. 
Hah, you are the guy who thinks white nationalism was invented by the democrat party less than 300 years ago. You are Not qualified to pass any judgements 
Lol, notice his rebuttal was just repeating what I said and then writing "hah" in front of it? That's what homosexuals do. 
Lol the gay jew broken record dude thinks he is important. 
Lol, the homosexual white supremacist is being homosexual. 
Sounds like the nigger in planet of the apes. 
Shut up Cunt! 
Inbred whiggers are best when yapping on the Internuts. Mattoid Parrott did nothing good advancing a mamzerkike ZOGbot tard like Mattoid Chaimbach. Mattoid Parrot's reward for such stupidity was to make its stupidity made manifest to all via Trailer-park-Gate where he was revelaed as Biggest Whigger Cuck of the Year. 
Gotcha. You want two gay nigger siblings to act out an interracial-incestuous-rape fantasy with you. This is typical of most white nationalists. Sad little fags. 
Jim Sterling can into full retard 
Perverted kiddie fucker 
Dumb cunt 
Every faggot white boy I've seen who dresses like that is a junkie 
The spherical world is complete bullshit just like the fucking holohoax! Nasa is a Fraud! 
This isn't some retarded victim story by kikes, you little subvert. Every single organization on the planet for the past 2000 Years has proven that the earth is round through mathematics, sky mapping, star charts, space exploration, imaging, every tool imaginable. And you think that because you can't grasp the concept of scale this must mean it's all a lie. 
The paranoid nincompoop thinks that because the 200 yards around him are flat that must mean the whole planet is flat and that two millennia of research are fake because they don't confirm his little theory Not even niggers are this simple-minded 
Obviously I am not a complete Bigot like you. I have an open mind that is not in the Matrix. You are a brainwashed retard! 
Isn't this like exactly what you're crying about me doing? Where's your "proof" the earth is flat? Surely it must be overwhelming and compelling if it's got you overtly denying centuries of worldwide research. 
It is simply called thinking for yourself. You let someone else do this for you. Authority figures who lie are what you believe! Intelligence is not regurgitation, but you think it is! 
Prove the earth is flat, beyond a shadow of doubt. Then I'll be willing to turn away 2, 000 years of observation. 
Funny, independent thought was what led me to reject the notion of a flat Earth. 
You prove it is round first since you are so believing this is true. I don't doubt your belief, but you must prove it is round first. 
Prove the earth is flat. Since you deny centuries of research, you must be able and eager to show it since it's so compelling and easily believable. 
It's all in perspective, and from where I sit, it's flat. 
If the earth was flat cartography would be entirely inaccurate except for at the equator. The fact that you can use your map to drive north east (or south east or north west) and arrive at your destination as predicted by your map proves the earth is not flat. 
Throw some hand grenades at this faggot assholes 
There is a new era for Black Americans upon us. No longer a monolithic vote for the Dems who failed them. When one tries to leave he is pulled back to the "Dnc Plantation". Called a "Negro who can't read". The Republicans will fight for you. We will win for you. You are us. Dean C PhD. You are us. Because we are Americans First. Patriots. 
Be more peecise. He said "Nig-ro who doesnt read". He stopped a few letters short of calling him a nigger on Cnn while Lemonhead and friends laughed. 
Guarding a border is an impossible task for a military that regularly topples foreign govts, occupies foreign lands while guarding borders they define on a whim, all at a moments notice? Sounds like same retarded shit preventing border wall construction to commence. Its probably high time for the tree of liberty to be refreshed. Enough is enough 
Guys, Sargon is right: needs to come back. We've got to meme it to the White House until Trump tweets about it! Tell your friends. This is it. GamerGate 2. 0 has arrived. Ps: pls dont call me a faggot and laugh at me this is important 
Lol faggot hahaha 
That’s little faggot had his 15 mins of fame. 
Cuck faggot 
Nazism is another far-left ideology. 
You just cant bring yourself to watch the video and address the points. Its all name calling. How mature. Let me just abandon my nazi sympathies and change my moral compass now that somebody has called me retarded and evil. Wow. Such a convincing argument. Truly my heart and mind hath been changed by your fathomless wisdom. 
You want me to ignore the facts and listen to Nazi lies. You regard facts as subjective. They are not. You are objectively wrong. Nazis are objectively evil. 
You want me to ignore the facts and listen to jewish lies. You regard facts as subjective. They are not. You are objectively wrong. Jews are objectively evil. What a empty argument 
That nigger looks like a real winner. 
Too bad it wasn't one of those retarded Tramp Stamps so his name would be more or less branded into her ass. 
You enjoy your spot on the google and apple app stores, nigger lover. 
It is. Faggot 
Bluementhal sounds like some kinda now banned mint tasting cigarette. Cigarettes like democrats cause cancer needs banning. Grr man up ya twat it ain't Nam. 
It's quite surprising how dumb the rhetoric is. As bad as Gwb era. And I thought that was as retarded as it gets. 
Tell that to the Blacks thriving in Detroit until the Democrats took over. 
What the fuck is wrong with these people. Is it a pathology? Or some kind of actual brain-eating parasite? 
Imagine being so square that this is your response to being called a nigger faggot 
You truly have a high opinion of yourself. Most nihilists do. Tell me something, should the opinion of a White Supremacist mean anything to me? Are your words factual, or are they more than likely a projection of your sexual preference and ignorance upon my person? I hate to break it to you, but your ignorant opinion doesn't matter. 
Should the words of a nigger faggot mean anything to me? As for your attempted slur of "white supremacist", i find myself in good company. 
You haven't done much research on America if you believe that they were referring only to White people when they stated this fact. Africans arrived in Jamestown in the 1600's. Free Blacks who owned property, who could own White slaves, had voting rights in the Antebellum period. Revisionist history isn't history. 
A couple foreign negroes saying one thing or another, inconsequential at the time, does not a 'multi-racial' attitude of society make. In the 1600s? British, not American. And, afterward, intentions for the future were made clear. Their hopes for freedom, and whites taking them in with those, is not an indication of agreement, but of need (for soldiers. 
I suggest you get back to me after you actually research what the Founders believed. Stop listening to the revisionist lies of redneck inbred White Supremacists. 
Don't let these brown scum into America. Bring on Operation Wetback for the 30 million illegal beaners and others that are already sneaking around America like cockroaches. * @a 
And faggot/dyke marriages, faggot/dyke adoptions, Affirmative action unions, obamaacare, mass invasions, the Clintons, Soros Blm, nigger rights, muslim rights. Its a gret day to be White. 
Lol, look at this faggot with his "leave the adults alone" bit while he wasn't able to actually make an argument. What a homo. 
This is from 10/08/2018, but no less applicable today. What about all the non-white Trump supporters - I guess we don't exist. And is this Grenell cunt white? What an insulting twat - I hope intelligent women read her drivel and got pissed off enough to. Identity Politics = Ignorance. 
But if we kill the Jews first, then we can; by example; the worthy races can enlighten the nigger to become the Negro Man, just as nietzche had theorized about her ubermensch. The nigger is the orc, violent and stupid, but with structure, he can become an equal among the renown. Even the German at one time was considered lesser then by those Noble Roman 
There is a band wagon and a faggot wagon. 
His mum got a pic of his with Cunt written behind him. A little bird told me 
There are only a few dozen mudslimes in the entire British Army, Why should Any soldier be discharged for being in a photo with Any British citizen? 
I may be a cunt, that is not for me to say. But stirring shit? I have a right to express an opinion on this site. As does anyone else. 
>I'm a 56% burger I live in Europe ( central Europe, to be precise ) and what is your mental masturbation about Europe is derived by mostly retarded Anglo-Saxon's assumption. Europe was never an muh nordic race central, though we all have their genes (r1-a, r1-b Aryans to be precise), D& C jews aided garbage, also. Etruscans ( Wops ), ~3000 years ago: 
Moslems took over Spain in early 8 century, during peak days of Christian deadly grip over Europe, commonly known as Dark Ages. Spain remained moslem occupied 800 years. And Christians, instead of liberating Spain from Arab/ nigger moslem occupation, went on genocidal slaughter of Whites all over Europe. You are so dumb and ignorant, it's pathetic 
C-130 gunship. Squatamalen enchiladas. With Spic sauce! 
Enjoy that muzzie takeover of your shithole country. Lol 
No one cares about that cock eyed kneegrow faggot 
Nigger 
Three. Fuckin. Days? Jesus Nigger H. Christ 
Race Pimp Nigger Michael Eric Dyson: Kanye West ‘White Supremacy by Ventriloquism’ 
I reported that account. Retard has been posting tranny porn to a list of users but fucked up and posted it under that account which was around a while and had a lot of points. Then 5 more were posting to a list and I reported all those and they were quickly banned. These accounts were also posting threats then reporting them. Faggots 
Coward faggot 
Fucking nigger rabbis. That's all the world needs. 
Praising The Deadbeat Racial Agitators Who Worked For Daley To Own The Libs Stupid nigger lovers. 
They had All their Greasy Nappy Nigger hairs all over the white house 
And advertising. Almost every commercial (seemingly) has a nigger dude with a hot white chick (as if that’s normal. 
That's because she's an airhead cunt with a bunch of even dumber coalburning daughters. 
Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote: Nazbowl siege man Silverdawn Proud Wasp Vanilla Nilla * A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
You are a GOPig shill, and a liar. No one has told anyone not to vote. You were asked to name one GOPig that fights for White, decent Americans. And couldn't name one. You hate having your own shortcomings and failures pointed out, and are the true communist. For it is You that is trying to silence dissent, just like the good little commie you are. Fuck you. 
Half-assed try, commie Jew. Fa you say is true. About 5 people repeatedly said there's no point voting; that we're idiots & cucks if we vote. Bullshit Artistry 101 - Keep Your Story Consistent That's not what u asked. U asked which GOPers are putting whites above everyone else. Obviously, none. It's Usa, not Israel. We can't get away with that sort of thing here. 
Why don't you read back over the thread to practice your comprehension skills? Your team of retarded communists were doing it, and you jumped in to their defence. In doing so, you implied we shouldn't vote and commenced trying to demoralize me against the Gop. Now fuck off. You're a waste of time and space. 
I have no team, idiot, you have no comprehension skills. Go to hell. If you think the GOPigs are gonna save you, You Are the retard. 
Sorry. You haven't the first clue what you are talking about, dumbfuck. Being willing to acknowledge the shortcomings of the GOPigs doesn't make one a fucking kike. Moron. 
Fuck you, nigger. If anyone here is a commie, it is you. And no one is preaching acommue agenda, unless it us you. 
Reeeeeeheheheheee! Did I crawl into your brain and start to unhinge you? You and your commie crew have exposed yourselves sufficiently for everyone to see what you are. My work here is done. Goodbye. Until we see you swinging from a tree. 
After you, nigger. 
Cunt 
Thats one ugly nigger right there. Next time, warn me before you post this shit. Lol 
It is verifiable And considering that Obozo, the Muzzie idiot is no longer around, it's more true than anything! 
100% Nigger Tv! Nope! 
I agree! The filthy askeNazi Jews who created the Democrat Kkk are all left wing Retarded Trolls! Nazi Jews created the Kkk are all Racist Pigs! They are in control of the human sewage Democrats and of course Nazi Jews did slavery in America, not western Europeans! It is always the Nazi jews who do all the disgusting things in the world like all wars and genocides! Jews are human sewage! 
The nigger is a sub-human species Its not even close to the humanity of a White. 
Faggot nigger 
Faggot 
Atlanta is nigger city 
Run Kanye Massa is gonna release his house nigger dogs after yo' ass Vote Red Wave Baby 
Fucking faggot commiefornia 
Get rid every fucking raghead now. 
Awwhh David, do you have one of those crumpled shaky retard hands. Never mind. 
We wait till all the muzzie men are in Europe, then we go over to Iraq and Syria. They won't be wearing veils anymore since no one will be there to cut their arms off and, Boom - pick of the litter. Political Asylum Visas and its just a long weekend. Tour Group Rates. Whose's In? 
I'm for treating African descended people, who didn't come here of their own free will, with equal dignity and respect as citizens. In that respect, the civil rights movement was timely and just. I'm not ok with extending that offer to people who are reverse colonizing the Southwest. 
You lose the argument cuz when you live in Dc and you can't walk down the streets out of fear that some nigger might attack you for giving him the wrong look and can't rely on self defense cuz the nigger jury is gonna side with the nigger regardless of how justifiable my use of force is, "liberty" and "equality" mean as much as they do in liberia 
I'm sorry you live there. I'm sorry that it's like that. Austin, Texas is such a sprawl that you don't much walk down streets. You drive. It's not like that here and that's a huge reason why I'm here. 
This is how it's gonna be everywhere if we don't crush leftism like yesterday 
From one stupid cunt to the other. 
Bono blew one to many nigger to still have a full deck. 
Wow. Be black. Be a cunt. Be a non twat white. Be an illegal spic immigrant. Own America. 
I never did trust that Bozo. Nigger lover, White people hater! 
We contribute plenty you cunt both in war and peace go read a history book you nazi fuckwit. 
He/she/it is a cunt 
Sounds just like Kameltoe Harris! She Always wants letters and policy books! What I want is them to get ahold of her staff separately and give them the treatment like they do everyone else and see who spills the beans! Those two dyke looking broads behind her know! 
I'm impressed you can type and suck Jack's dick at the same time. Are you a naturally talented faggot. Or did you practice? 
Id rather be a slave owning straight white man than a slave owning faggot of colour! 
These are the retarded fucks people keep voting in 
Hannity: In 28 days you will decide the fate of our gov't 
Populism gub, identitarianism baaaaaaa baaaa bad you sheeple Did you know hannity own shitholes in Atlanta that where houses imported nigger flesh on behalf of Catholic charities Llc? 
No but I see you're some kind of silly nit! 
You don't think it's plausible? Also, have you not noticed the recent Steve hilton-ification of primetime fox programming castigating identity politics as evil and democratic populism as good? 
Not really plausible at all. I'm not a Hannity fan, but this is fake news bullshit intended to make him look like a hypocrite for saying anything bad about Onigger. >Well, you made money under the onigger thing you said you didn't like, so that means everything else you say is wrong. Only the right falls for this. 
It's not about Hannity, it's about his audience size and now many of those are tuning in early and catching Tucker. If they can turn some away in disgust from Hannity, those are ones who will never catch the influence of Tucker. 
I'm aware of that, it still produced the desired effect didn't it? Right now the Api is being populated by, . Oh yee of little faith. 
Eh, we're in clownworld along a trajectory at this point. Things that must happen will happen so things that may happen can happen. 
Yeah, well didn't stop his investments capitalizing on the contraction of mine and a shit ton of others. Which obj is aok, but given his embedment w Zionist cohorts, I'm quite confident he got an unfair advantage. 
Precisely, not nescessarily an adherant, but like trump said, All options are on the table. I don't think the opposition will show up for pistols at dawn. 
I watch Tucker, but hannitys audience is dying irl every day, bc they're old. If we offer no alternative we're just letting our numbers pile up on the rocks. 
Why is the media still talking about that royal mud baby duchess? This is getting so annoying. Now I can see why Princess Diana died trying to evade the media in 1997. 
Prince harry is a nigger loving whore like his mumsy 
Something tells me that the mud baby duchess is going to be driven crazy by the media at some point. Never trust a mud baby. 
She'll cause a major scandal. Spawned by mudmother and wacko niggerlover. I hope she's barren. But nigger cunts usually have lots of niglets 
Meghan Markle is the scum of the Royal family. She couldn't cut it in Hollywood and she'll cause a lot of chaos. Hopefully when Prince William becomes king, he'll kick out the Muslims, take control over the Parliament, and put a leash on that mud baby duchess. Queen Elizabeth Ii is the worst person in the history of Britain. 
I only see an insecure little twat who complains about everything and probably has nefarious means for doing so. 
You may want to sit down. Sheila Jackson Lee has a Bachelor's from Yale University and a Jd from the University of Virginia. So she may not be your average she-boon. But I can't say. 
Just another nigger w a head to me. 
The Affirmative Action sheboon cunt doesn't know the difference between Mars and the Moon: 
Hey Jessica Smalls, you can come take all my seamen, I have flotillas full of em, come right on over honey and get to work, I got plenty of work for ya. Or you can shut your snout up and learn something worthwhile in life and stop being an annoying cunt for a few minutes. 
Read Tolkien Faggot 
The white trash trumpukelican wet dream: an America as closed to everyone they fear and hate as their barely recognizable minds and hearts are. Then the country will be full of inbred assholes just like them and America will the shithole country they've always wanted because they know no better. 
Well that's good, we have people that specializes in helping the retarded 
. That's terrible! Of course he was "homeless in Broward" in a sparkly new van plastered in Trump. In Scott Israel's jurisdiction. Of course! This is beyond retard level 8. 
Go fuck your mom in the ass cock sucking faggot mother fucker 
A nigger called Derek G Haslam now hiding in Downham Market framed animal welfare activists. His pal is porn star and mudshark Alice Brooks of Chesterffeld and a nig nog known as Sameed Damji of SW19. Oh Samweed made death threats to Tommy Robinson's family. 
Johan! Please stop using that bullshit term "Asian" to describe Muslims. We Americans hear Asian and we think Chinaman or Jap, maybe Viet, Thai or Korean. Certainly Not Muslim. Lose the Pc bro'. 
2/ Let's get one thing straight first: I think Trump is doing a very good job as Potus. But let's also get one thing straight: that's not because he's a genius. All he's been doing is Un-doing what Obama did, which any retard could do and would lead to similarly predictable results. Now, many (like Jeb or Kasich) wouldn't have, so I give him that. 
The Uk sure has some retarded judges 
Written by a christard yesterday in here, They choose that goddamn sand nigger Over their race 
Go worship your kike 
The Carolyn Emerick camp of paganism, everyone. These are pagans piggybacking on the Alt-Right to promote their bullshit religion 
Carolyn is your leader if you’re Folk Right. You’re lead with an emotional idiot. Aren’t you that larping faggot that pretends he’s a Viking? Anyone who has remotely paid attention to your posts realizes you’re a fool. I grew up knowing pagans. You guys make them look stupid. 
There are only a select few retarded sheep that take this scag accuser seriously. 
My feed now after days of really trying is a conglomeration of anime cat people, retarded political views, religious discussions by fundamentalists, and a bunch of women showing loose vagina? What the literal fuck is going on here? 
You sick cunt 
Awwwws what wrong with you faggots cunt you not get laid today 
Hey jew@jew don't think shit dick. Just keep sucking it like you're hungry. Jew, when you can name a bone in your body that does not contain the Lie Dna of a Jew then we can measure the level of your excitement. Until then use your zio-monster dino bone and see if you can T-hex a bitch with a witching stick. Jew don't poison the water again. No more tips. 
God I hate retarded people 
Did someone actually pay that stupid cunt to write this? 
Muzzle that Muzzie bitch. 
I can't wait to vote against that faggot Beto. 
Funny you say sand nigger when referring to Jews. Say that shit to a Muslim you weak kneed coward. Getting my point yet! Women and children raped and killed by Muslims and you're on here bitching and whining about make believe Jooz! Get your shit straight you drooling moron. 
I hate censorship. Hate it. I dropped the Nsfw in the name, because their filtering bullshit is as gay as a faggot gargling fresh jizzed nutjuice. Since there are so many LeeLee's already here, I'll stick with Impresaria. 
The Uk plastic pretend cops sure came down heavy on the 'do not Dare breath a word on Social Media' biz. 'Do not speculate that the perpetrator is a rapefugee-immigrant 75 Iq retard of the marauding Islamic cult, or we will throw you in jail'. They didn't quite phrase it that way, but that's the message. "This is 1984, we are the pigs, and you Be Quiet. " I could Never live in the Uk. I'd be locked up within a week. The key thrown away. 
I would not appreciate taking my children to Berlin only to be jailed for "holocaust denial" because of social media posts I had made whilst in my own country. Unless the West is freed from Marxism/Jewry/Islam I would consider it almost a certainty in years ahead. 
What Is illegal these days? ( outside of being white) can I identify as a wetback and go down there and start killing given laws don't apply to low Iq 3rd worlders? 
If I could push a button and instantly kill every last fucking nigger on Earth in the most violent possible way, I would do it without hesitation. I'm so god damn sick of seeing stories like this. 
No they didn't you dumb mgtow faggot, in 2008 obongo got just 46% of the white female vote, and only 42% in 2012. Stop being a fucking retard and focus on the real problem- mass nonwhite immigration. 
Your low iq is showing. I didn't say how many white women voted for Obama. 42% and 46% is too much. Your gay insults just show your tendencies. Project your gayness somewhere else idiot. L 
Lol ok faggot 
"I gotst the dollars and this is my lambo" I hate the goofy retard music too. 
Around 4: 40 robo nigger blames the formation of those gangs in those countries because they were deported? Apparently the npc doesn't even understand what they are talking about, just making the right mouth noises 
I agree 100%. I just think it does not matter whether this girl was anti apartheid or not. She was a victim of a horrible, unforgivable crime, whatever her politics. And nigger monsters would not care anyway, not like they would have let her go. 
Dumb jew. It was like a nigger crashing a Kkk meeting 
Not a Fact at all, Mattys Modern life, don't you think there were 18, 19, 20, 21, Etc. Year olds Voting back in 1996, thats around the time the idiot brigade wanted Guns outlawed because they were told a retarded kid with a rifle shot 35 people ( a large number were moving head shots ) on his own, yet not even the best sniper would be that good, 
She’s so ugly she has to sneak up on mirrors but let’s try to focus on a positive solution instead of being negative and mean without offering anything up. Lets see. Boy she sure is fugly if I didn’t know better id ask if she was a special ed retard or something i mean yikes. Ok i got something! Maybe she could take those pretty blonde bangs and grow them a little longer and bring them down a little past her chin! That would help! 
Typical Jewess 
He’s a faggot 
This Cunt Needs A Helipopter Ride. 
Unless they're a nigger, a kike, a wetback or anyone else non white. Only whites need saving, Fuck the rest of the savage turd world cunts! 
After the Blasey Ford fiasco, Bill Cosby will win his appeal. He was railroaded by lying Title 9 liberal man-hating whores just like Kavanaugh. Every single one of their accusations was as ridiculous as the Blasey Ford, Ramirez, & Swetnick allegations yet he was convicted under the FemiNazi fascist "women have a right to be believed" doctrine. Andrea Constand's close friend Sheri Williams said Constand bragged about how she was looking to use her university connections to falsely accuse a celebrity of rape. Her testimony was ignored by the retarded jury. It won't be after Blasey Ford. Having more than one whore pointing a finger Still doesn't mean truth. It means you have a lot of man-hating Title 9 liberal whores willing to get rich putting innocent men in prison. Notice how conservative women almost Never make rape accusations against celebrities & college athletes. Only twerking liberal skanks do. 
Race realism is a beautiful thing, like nature realism and looking in the mirror realism, and financial realism and chronological realism and sex realism and score realism. What kind of retard starts from the platform of attacking realism except one whose goal is subversion? Make Realism great again! 
We summoned an ancient Egyptian deity, does that mean we're going to hell? I don't know but that Cunt Hillary Clinton lost! 
If only stupid fucks could get outraged over the Us govt funding and arming Al Qaeda as they do over Khabib bitch slapping that cunt Danis. 
Fuck khaboob and islam 
More Muslim lies. Do you idiots ever stop and take responsibility for the terrorists you create? Yeah Fu 
Damn homeboy. Your a nigger in 4 diffrent countrys. Acording to people in 4 diffrent countrys. Your victimhood has spread. Just like your non species mud babies. Not white. Not black. Some off breed. Shit you fuckin niggers keep your dogs more pure than your children. You got a mutt. Or a razor back pit bull? 
When will enough be enough for the sodomite? Never. It had to be in your face 24/7. In your face, and your children's faces. They will not be satisfied until you participate, and this nasty little faggot can't understand why he is Hated along with the niggers and Jews. 
- No one really cares if Ian McKellen is a fag among those critical of Hollywood’s attitude toward queer movie stars. Or if no openly homo man has ever won a "best actor" Oscar, but 52 Straight actors have been nominated for playing faggots- 2 of them winning "best actor". (from The Guardian, Oct. 20) 
So says the sand nigger cocksucker 
From what your timeline has on it, *you* worship 'sand niggers' (jews) and 'cocks'. ) 
Here's the liberal cunt who stole the real Gee's id Mute it! 
Yes you done nothing wrong it cunt that do dirty on good places where people like talk about thing that on there mines and meet people from the Usa and other countries it like being down the pub 
Does anyone believe that the Roman Legionary Mooning Incident killed ten thousand jews. Given what we know about the jew and lying for sympathy So even though you might chuckle at the idea of the semites being so retarded that they crush one other to death in a disorderly rampage reminiscent of the muslim pilgrims attending the Hajj in Mecca, i am somewhat circumspect about this claim. Props to chief thunderhorse for the img. 
Flake is being built up to be the new maverick faggot 
Maverick is just a pretty looking word for shitlib 
Nazi faggots that I can't hang yet get muted. Join the club. 
Sup, Shlomo. Faggot kikes in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. 
Kike communities exile their pedo hebes to Israel instead of sending them to prison. That's why the whole of Israel is doomed to go to faggot hell. 
I do not want to read about what you do with your fairy gay faggot boyfriend in the privacy of your own bedroom. Thank you very much. 
The articles don’t have her name. They don’t have her picture. Know why? She was White. That nigger killed a white woman. And they don’t even put her name in there. That’s disgusting. She was wrong to ever date a nigger, but the media hiding that is unacceptable. 
A Twelve year-old just called me a Nigger in the B. E. T. A test for Fallout 76 a few moments ago. I think i'll wait until he buys the full game before i contact Sony to Ban his Psn account. 
She is not one of the nigger loving jews sanz 
We've reached faggot levels that were once thought to be impossible 
You're an idiot. Grow the fuck up retarded kid raised by commies. 
Not That strong and single! They obviously pulled up on stupid cunt Feminazi Mode long enough for a sperm injection. 
Religion is gay, loser 
Lol get f*ked, heathen faggot ) 
As far ass Negroes in ghettoes - 99. 999% of them couldn't care Less about improving themselves. They are just fine a long as they keep existing as parasites. Living off Whitey's taxbux. The Only reason they complain is when they want more Whitey taxbux. Stop Lying. 
They hang around waiting for the inevitable nigger being shot by a cop. Then opportunity to riot and Loot 
She "doesn't feel safe". So she wants money. Send the cunt back to her shithole country. Muslims do not belong in the west. Period. 
No cunt tossed a brick a window of the Van. Brand spanking new Van, No Police tickets for obstructed view. Seems Legit 100% False Flag. 
Bwahaha. She probably hopes that some haji will try to fuck her now - my guess. She won't like it when she'll try to leave islam though, with a death fatwa pending on her head, after she'll get bored of it or for some other retarded female reason. 
Pencil neck faggot 
Boko Haram literally means books are bad. What else would you expect from the in-bred, retarded followers of the pedophile false-prophet of Satan? 
So. Let's wrap this up. If you follow me, and are into child porn style Hentai. And I find you. Im calling you out, so fucking Do Not Follow Me. You call it art, but me, the serially molested as a child adult who is rational and critical thinking, calls Bs and refuses you faggots to follow me. Your sex life will be as retarded as you are. Fuck off. 
You will end up impregnating her and abandoning the little mulatto (who I will then have to smother) at best or assaulting her and setting her on fire at worst. We will read about it in the papers and say tut tut. Typical. She better watch that finger too, or someone is gonna rip it off and shove it up your nigger ass. 
You sad cunt 
That nigger is using code words that he and Barry set up. Remember all those felons Barry released? I believe they are leaders his guerilla warriors, just like the released jihadi's for Bergdahl. I truly believe they have urban warfare in mind. Be ready, be armed. 
Remember when you were a child. And the retarded angry kid would throw rocks at you. When you turn to go face them, they run away. Until you stop chasing them, then they start throwing rocks again. 
Class A commie faggot 
On yet another National Faggot Day, it’s important to learn the facts about things Jews lie about. Matthew Shepard was assaulted during a robbery, not because he was a faggot. He had drugs they wanted. Matthew Shepard was a prostitute & had Hiv. One of his killers was also a prostitute & they had sexual encounters. Mathew Shepard was a meth addict & dealer. He had access to a $10, 000 supply of meth the night he was robbed. Matthew Shepard had previously been gang raped in Morocco, why didn’t his family cause an international incident about that? Jews turned Shepard into a gay martyr to champion hate crime laws. Hate crime laws are only ever used against white people. 
I also joined as a boy soldier at 15 not allowed to fight until 18 unlike this young man I didn't lie about my age. First operational tour 18 years & 4 months. Look at the twat on the right. May have broke his mother's heart but he wouldn't break mine. 
The twat on the right is parroting trash fed him by the left - Brexit didn't steal his future, Brexit just gave him back his future. He will regret this pic in the future 
Holy fuck. Based. And then the dumb cunt just takes it. 
That ugly old nigger is scary without the knife 
The media is claiming this idiot is of Seminole Indian and Filipino heritage. Lol. My ass! Dudes a total fuckin spic / beaner. Just look at him. 
That's why Trump was elected. Biden played second fiddle to a half-wit half nigger faggot 
Proud to be a child killer. Must be a lefty. " I don’t even care, it’s your body. " Must be a cunt who has thought nothing through but has bought into lefty slogans. 
Me as a white nigger would be fine with that. After all abortion is the best solution 25 y after birth 
I'm so glad the Cunt Bitch is out of the administration; I hope she dies of cervical cancer! 
Trump Administration Acknowledges Climate Change - Predicts Large Rise In Global Temperatures 
So now the Trump fans are starting to believe in Climate Change. Some of us are way ahead of you there nigger. 
Well nigger/Nazi, climate change is not an issue of believe. Climate change has been happening all of the time and it is Not man-made! Wake The Fuck Up! +1 (Neo) 
Way ahead of you there again nigger. But you needed Trump to guide you to this "revelation". 
Nigger/loser/Nazi, you are only ahead of Me in your wet dreams and fertile imagination. ) Lol! +1 (Neo) 
I'm 10 steps ahead of whatever you're going to post because I don't need a Jew to think for me. 
Well nigger/Nazi/loser, I Am at least 100000 steps ahead of you by definition. ) Either case nigger, what jew is that now? +1 (Neo) 
Have you forgotten already? Your Israeli governors of course and look who's currently serving Israel's post: Trump, your chum, your prophet. 
Nigger/loser/fascist/Nazi, you are now stuck in a vicious cycle. But then again you always were. Trump is a nationalist. America First. Wake The Fuck Up! +1 (Neo) 
Thanks for the laugh. Trump: "I'm a Nationalist and a Globalist. I'm both. " 
Well loser, he is covering all of his basis but his actions show Us the truth. America first. More jobs to America. Growing UsA economy again, etc, etccool: +1 (Neo) 
Like this America? Thanks for the laugh again. More banks is the only thing America needs at this point. 
Nazi, and what you need is something up yoursroll: +1 (Neo) 
Snowflaking isn't the answer to the quagmire you created. 
Faggot/Nazi, what quagmire is that now! 
It's interesting to find Jews on your postings for somebody claiming to be "America First". Get out of town nigger because this is looking like a parody with that "Trump's covering all his basis". Trump's bogus horse shit has been well known and his governance has only cemented the fact. Come up with something better that's not going to make me laugh. 
Faggot/Nazi/Nigger, who are these Jews on My postings now? What are you mumbling about? What bogus horse shit! Are You STUPIDeek: 
Shoot The Boomer Shoot Shoot Shoot The Boomer Shoot Shoot (I hope this cunt is raped to death by kebab) 
>baby boomers never had any fun when we were young citation fuking needed bitch 
It's called censorship. It's what Jews do to hide their guilt, and the Jew controls the Msm and social media. 
"fuck off retard" works for both SJWs and incel hitler fanboys. Thats prob why they banned the word retard on twitter. Hits too close to truth for the leftists 
In this case "Mob" is more in line with the Npc term for Monster. Since the typical definition of a "Mob" is a mass of typically angry people. There is only the one guy it seems. The rest seem to be telling the deranged retard to leave. 
You want to have a fun game, cunt sucker? 
. And he calls out the retarded stuff for what it is so very unashamedly. 
To me Zionism is a political ideology and any cunt can be one. Including Us presidents. True Jews who follow the old testament, do not support the existence of Israel. 
That nazi faggot flag belongs in twitter 
You mean these faggot flags? Thanks for gaslighting yourself. 
Her dad looks like a cuck that wouldn’t get mad if you farted on him. She married a nigger because he wouldn’t stand up to you, believe me, if she was my daughter I’d tell you off. 
It was a safe choice. She backed a candidate I'm sure most her fans have never heard of. She didn't go full retard 
The retard is funding & thinks gasses his own people when it's drumph's Isis butt-buddies committing the. Trump is a total stooge 
Another retard without a clue. Why should two states alone (Ny and Ca) determine the presidential election? Because under "popular vote" that is exactly what would happen, disenfranchising the other states. The electoral college was setup for that reason. Now shutup and go make someone a sandwich. 
Tv ads are trying hard to meme white men with nigger bitches. It’s hillariously painful 
Welcome to u nigger faggot. 
Everywhere those evil Jews they infiltrate everything to tear it down. 
They were looking for an excuse and that retard gave it to them on a silver platter. The guy was a nazi and anti Trump, he was one of them. I'm kinda surprised the nazi's are still running their mouths after this shit, the Fbi is watching and taking names. 
The silly white twat can't even speak English. A white women. Come On! 
Did any of you directly tweet a Senator or higher rank, call them a faggot and keep your Twitter account? Probably not because your timeline wasn't filled with Jewish Rt's. 
Lock the deranged cunt up 
Dear mudskins, something you need to remember. White people are nice, until they aren't anymore. Do not mistake our kindness for weakness. Because when the white man has had enough, we decimate continents. We wipe out entire races. There is nothing more frightening in this world than the bloodlust of the white race when it has suffered too much for too long. 
Its called a tan, retard 
The vengeance we are going to exact on these retarded apes is beyond what even the sickest minds can imagine. 
You mean war on whites. Not war on niggers. Retarded boomers gave niggers their rights. Look at what happens when you let the apes out of the cage. This "war on blacks" is really funny to see it unfold. You keep poking the lion, it will attack back. The ignorance of whites these days are going to get our race killed off. 
Md, Mph, Cunt 
Fibby nigger tries to play the "da Fbi be rayciss n sheeit, an I be a woke whistleblower" card, and gets Btfo'd. Learns "dats rayciss" agitation only works in DemSM media. Plans career as community organizer. 
What a leaky twat 
Order 11 cuck and possibly a faggot with a Kike Bf. Vast if verified. 
>Paying a self admitted fbi informant and a deradicalization shill. Kys, retard. 
Another Cantwell post another buttmad faggot shill calling him a fed How's Anglin's dick taste bitch 
Perjury is all I have seen. With her bull dyke lawyer. Take this skank down! 
Pro 6 hours ago in Porn does Not belong on Gab There have been discussions about whether or not Gab should be 18+ or the Nsfw content should require verification for the sake of children wanting to join Gab. This wouldn't even be an issue if Andrew just banned porn. The porn content on Gab has gotten out of hand. There are now pedophiles on Gab posting loli porn (anime child porn) in which I kn. Repost because this faggot got butthurt 
What a faggot 
Says the big gay 
You have to wonder how so many people can be so completely retarded without the excuse of a birth defect. 
Bitch face cunt 
How do these Retarded Niggers Get Elected? 
Unfortunately, the fairy gay faggot is still Prime Minister. There has to be a vote of non-confidence in Parliament in order to bring his government down. 
I'll respond with nigger jew bitch sandpeople cracker and Hitler did nothing wrong. Just to prove that yes sir here you can say anything you want. Welcome 
Dyke 
A negro in Ireland is like a Eskimo in the Sahara. 
The problem is the Census now judges races by what people identify as. So there’s jews & mixed races who say they’re white. My husband and I dnt buy kosher nor do we shop at departments staffed with minorities. We try not to support businesses who support diversity. Living in middle of nowhere helps. I only see a nigger 1-2 a month 
Hindus did it a bit differently - "Your life sucks even though you're a good person, that's because you've been a cunt in your past life. So suck it up, obey us and give us your money" 
Faggot 
Shill/Troll Alert Shill/Troll Alert Shill/Troll Alert Block this cunt Rprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprprp 
Nigger pleaaaaassse! Shut the fuck up and go play with yourself until it bleeds! 
Just Another Low Iq Nigger Talking Her Ignorant Bs. 
Ryanair should be Really worried - and that little twat who runs that shit 'airline' needs to Stfu about a British matter. 
Again, I can't stop you continuing to demonstrate you're a total loser with nothing better to do. I can pretend to be retarded too. I don't spend two days trolling people to do so. 
A prayer for judgement in Nc means the case will be dismissed. They may or may not put stipulations on it. Not surprised. This fat nigger will walk with a slap on the wrist. In the court's eyes she dindu nuffin. 
"everyone I don't like is a Nazi and a democrat" - cuckservative NPCs 
I know, so Retarded. 
No you're retarded for not watching dinesh d'souza and thinking he's a genius 
What's amazing about it is that he actually Pulled that punch. If he'd not done so. That faggot would have been dead in one shot. 
So she needs to commit suicide. She will not because she is a Fraud and a Liar like all on the Left. They only know Hate, Lies, Propaganda, being Criminals. The Left are Lemmings who don't think for themselves they follow daily talking points and repeat everything they are told to. 
I wonder why she is letting the white people behind her live? Why isn't the cowardly cunt taking them out? Maybe she is in such a dark bubble she can't see the crowd of White people behind her? Or maybe her Dts is so progressed that she is now also blind, besides deaf and Dumb. 
Give it up whore, you lost you fucking cunt 
And you pro niggers act like your sumthing with your purchased followers. You guys give money and made the hardware network and the coders pay, and thx for that. But us anons that care, do what we do bc we want to correct this mess that your blind servatude brought us to. You may be Eastwood's, but we are Lee majors. 
There is nothing more disgusting to me than straight white guys being offended by faggot, nigger, spic or other racial insults 
Can you imagine how she'd treat your retarded child if she knew you were a conservative? Why does it take so little to trigger these idiots? Have they no logic, can't research anything or think for themselves? Pathetic. 
I know agreed, i love that fucking cunt 
So basically, what you're saying is that the silent majority is screwed. They're already backed into the corner of political correctness and too afraid to fight their way out. When schools in certain cities started teaching gender neutrality, it was all over for the silent majority that didn't stand up and crush that effort. Face it, most men aren't men anymore and that's where the real strength used to be in this country. It's a woman's world now, they're in charge. Now take a look around it and see it in a nose dive straight to the ground. I say let it crash & burn. It'll clean out the women and the Muslim filth who are trying to control everything so the men can step back in and make something that works again. 
God you are shit at this no im not i have kids asshole. Have you removed me yet or are you just going to stand their like a twat in your cheesy wrap around sunglasses like a budget Neo? 
White being demonized for busting unruly niglet. Nogs want him. Video of police officer arm-locking 12-year-old child rapper Lil C-Note goes viral 
Never an abuse of power to get a nigger under control. The nigger needs to be constantly reminded of its place at the bottom of the social hierarchy 
Look if you want to fuck 50 year old grannies, like a fucking degenerate & limit yourself to 2 or 3 kids, instead of 10 or more, like a pussified cuck Go ahead, faggot 
I'm sure I am not the only one who is 100% fedup with this fuckn muzzie bitch Sarsour. Someday soon she will be put in her place. Just saying 
Oh look another self hating white cunt spouting off against white men 
Look, another retard that doesn't understand sarcasm. 
British tongue. Don't blame Jews. Blame Hitler, fucked up the opportunity because the backward retarded prick loved his drugs to much. Don't and will never exist. 
I turned that retarded tv box off in the 90's. It was obvious then, it is obvious now. But all jews are not Hollywood. All jews are not Israel. 
Only the Jew knew that by an able and persistent use of propaganda, heaven itself can be presented to the people as if it were hell and, vice versa, the most miserable kind of life can be presented as if it were paradise. ~ Mein Kampf ( ʖ ) 
Was there any form of filth or shamelessness, particularly in cultural life, without at least one Jew involved in it? If you cut even cautiously into such an abscess, you foundlike a maggot in a rotting body often dazzled by the sudden lighta little Jew. Mein Kampf 
California? Pelosi is putting out the Wetback warning. Everybody Vote. It's up to Us! 
Haha yep but the nigger will still say wez kangs 
Identify as a black retarded female. Your guaranteed the job! 
Jimmy the Douchechurch is a burnt-out California cunt pseudo rocker. You just know that, if he had a hobby, he would produce child porn flix. Churchflix 4 Vatican, for example. Now I gave him an idea or three. 
Lol! Want a good laugh. Listen to this retard monkey's idiot remarks. 
Faggot must have got lost 
Perfect meme to describe how retarded the 'maga-pedes' are. White Genocide full speed ahead, in America, while Trump swallows for Shlomo 
That's nice, faggot 
What's a Cnn? Communist Nigger News? 
Dumb reporter gets Triggered by Kayne's dragon energy, calls it an "assault on our White House. " Piss off, you retarded skank 
A fucking peacock with one brain cell and faggot socks! But what one expects from a son of a retarded party whore? 
Hahaha! You dumbass hebe! Hahaha! You are just ridiculous! Lame hymie! 
2-3% nigger dna? LMAOooo I've never seen such ignorance. You're pretty pathetic. A "White planet"? LMAOoo < 
Faggot boys deserve to be blown the fuck out. Its fun watching them beat up autistic, drugged up trannies, but they are ultimately anti-white race traitors or shitskins opposed to white identity because they want to continue taking advantage of whites. They are not our friends, and never were. 
A nigger who Didn’T rape a woman. Are you sure this isn’t a fantasy movie? Oh wait. It was a nigger sow. Not even the bucks want to touch them. 
Commie, Nazi - there's no real difference. Both are retarded socialist bigots. 
Keep eating your South Korean Dog Meat, you inbred bull dyke cave dweller, you have the Iq. Of Lint! 
Irene Zisblatt is a lying yenta. Her story is just another Jewish lie about the "holocaust" that has been widely accepted by the masses of retarded Npc's who don't objectively look into anything because of muh anti-semitism and racism. 
Hi stopped watching when they kept having the Puerto Rican nigger Jaun Williams on! 
Now, all one needs do is, set Explosives on either End of Bridge, sit back & Watch the Fireworks, & find Cover from falling Spic Debris Parts. 
No I'd Say "at least half" Is A Gross Understatement. The Vast Majority of People In Florida are Focking Retards. Retards From Ny, Retards From Jersey, Retards From Mass, California and Washington State. Retards From Cuba and Haiti. Pretty Much Any Retard Who Couldn't Make it In Their Home State/Land Oozed Into Florida Like Sewage or Toxic Waste. 
"How to Retard for Dummies" - a book, amazingly, believe it or not written by Alex Cortez. 
Kill these nigger dogs Now. Pitbull Genocide 
It's pretty hilarious how ppl on Gab are slobbering over Kanye West and idolizing him. Then, as soon as he says something they disagree with, they go back to claiming he's a retard and calling him racial slurs. But it works bc ppl on Gab are retarded have have 10 second memories. 
Not at all the soy boys and fat dyke lezbos would go down fast. I used to do stage lighting for a biker based music tour. I think the gangs would be a safe place to be. I'd probably hook up with the hell's Angel's. Js. Lol 
That stupid fake spic could raise 70 billion and it wouldn't matter. No matter how much he raises, Texas doesn't want his dumb liberal ass. Period. 
Speaking in retarded drivel doesn’t make you impressive. 
No they don’t you cunt 
2024* Trump has 8 years you retard 
That is pretty retarded logic. Almost as retarded as "You hate Wn? You Hate White People" 
The explanation for the Bible, as our retarded kosher friend can't seem to explain, was "inspired by" God. So yes, it was written by men and deliberated on by a council which dictated the books it would contain. You're correct. 
You're a faggot who likes pedophiles and songs about faggots dressing up like girls 
Who would you Least trust from a Jeremy Corbyn led Labour govt on National Security? Basically the choice is an Ira Hamas arselicker, a lunatic Stalinist cunt, a fat arse bitch who hates the white working class, another fat arsed bitch thick cunt and a Muslim rape gang fan. 
Sooner have the No. 10 cat than Any if those cunts If get power there will be Civil War 
Fagbook suspended me for this, proving once again we are under a faggot Jew dicktatership! 
Fuck off Chris, no one gives a shit about you or your retard forums 
BingoSoros funds so much of this shit. I'd like to see him captured and turned over to Putin as a goodwill gift. I'm sure they have some great methods of torture. Evil jew bastard. 
I'm a Nigger Pig Cunt? 
Well the thieving faggot still got what he deserved. Execute the illegals. Execute them all! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Omfg The bitch has the biggest smile the kid looks scared. Somebody, before the cops get her, needs to beat her to a bloody mess! Put that cunt in the hospital! 
Another nigger heard from! We Need the Star Chamber to eliminate these black mf's! 
No thanks, saw a nigger 27 seconds into the trailer. Think I will pass. (Race-mixing pushing Hollywood) is dead to me. Same goes to (CableTV. 
Yeah, poor Dickie will be raped by alimony, that now he "ows her"; the cunt will milk him for what is worth, whatever that is, besides getting the custody of their children. Poor Dickie will probably go full implicit after this nightmare! 
He's a complete retard it's not really shocking 
You must be new here, so i'll go easy on you kid. 1. If you think ad hominens are going to affect me you clearly haven't been on Gab long enough to know I literally give not a single fuck about the opinions of fellow Gabbers. See how many followers I have? 1, 900something? See how many I'm following? Only 300. I gathered a following. Idk how, but there are a lot more people that want to hear what I have to say than not. 2. I have nothing but disdain for Eurofags. I trust Kenyans more than I do Europeans. Europeans are "white" but had absolutely zero problem allowing their whole continent to get fucked over so god damn hard the only way it'll survive is forcing american companies to pay penalties to the Eu. Boy that's sure sustainable isn't it? What if those American companies simply oh idk Abandoned Europe? Ya'll would be fucked 100% 3. I can't believe I'm actually dedicating the time to explain this all in detail to you, because normally I either just mute the mentally retarded who somehow think America needs Europe - Since 1776 we have not needed Europe once. The idea that America needs Europe is as stupid and retarded as the idea that America needs those disgusting sand people that practice Islam. We don't need Islam, and we don't need Europeans. Period 4. If you don't like my views on the inferior Western Europe, unfollow me then. I won't care. 5. Poland, Hungary, Russia, Italy, Switzerland, - all are working on saving their own Nations. These European Nations I'm okay with. Italy is working on purging the migrants, Poland hasn't taken one migrant, Hungary has fucked Soros over so god damn hard, Russia is Russia, and they're all okay in my book. 6. France, Spain, Portugal, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, The Uk, Ireland, Austria, and any of the western european nations are so decayed and so worthless they're not worth saving. Honestly if they fell as hard as North Korea it may be the best for them. I couldn't give a fuck even if you held a gun to my head. Now if you keep going after this, I'm gonna flood your notifications with. Do us all a favor, and stay the fuck down. 
Jim (penis sucker) acosta is a nigger 
Lol, what an utter entitled twat who thinks by having a index finger up, is a sign to make her famous? Please, just please can she just not exist. She is an embarrassment. 
Truth Fears No Investigations Jews are Khazars. Publications proving that. Save. To debate with the faggot shills. 
Faggot drama queen takes his sickness out on a black man. Fag racism by the Latino is goofy & disgusting. When ridesharing goes wrong. 
It's kind of amazing how every single detail of this tweet is retarded 
The Lesbo Loser 
That's right. That dyke and that Hogg bullied Nikolas Cruz everyday until he snapped. 
(Feinstein) for sure. That cunt literally does the happy merchant hand rub meme, in real life. She's a sub human beast. She's this half dead corpse, who more then likely has dementia and yet she's in a powerful political position. 
Nice conspiracy theory there so to try to write off that we in this movement basically hold the same ideas as the Framers. Get fucked. Faggot 
Quite humourous that u expect not only a reading, but also a reply, 2 the wall of text. If u made registered business of jew naming and ran 4 leader of free world, then wall of text may b read. 
I thought my statement was worthy of a rersponse. Sorry if it was too long and not enough pictures 
She doesn't out the Jew, right? 
Little has the best course of action. Name the jew as a registered biz, seek 2 even make it profitable. Cre8 jobs in new naming sector as industry leader, then cre8 jobs in jew removal sector as potus. 
The very first thing Little did was street stunts in his beginnings. I feel sure, he was always planning to do this stunt thing as part of whatever strategy he is implementing which seems to be a let him say as much radical anti-Jew stuff on the streets of America till the Jews false flag an event of his and point to it all in order to brand us more evil than Muslims as an explanation to the idiots he parades in front of 
It takes far more bravery 2 b a little revolutionary interacting with general population than 2 b a keyboard warrior that takes no risks. Big risk, big reward. 
And he was hanging out with that shill Jew dyke Emily Youcis. They are definitely cryptos. Jews killed babies yes we all know that but announcing it as he did makes us卐 look like nuts 
R the biggest 
Ha, I bet I go out yelling ala Akbar on a filthy muzzie and slingshot Sausage links at them. 
Nigger gets away with shooting unarmed White man because "muh raycizzum". 
Man After My Own Heart. Its Just Like The Word Jew, If You Cant Say It You Cant Target TheM For TheIR InJustICES. Kike, Nigger, Polock Spic Cracker Are All Descriptives For The Individual Who May Not Like The Behavior Of Ignorant And Or Highly Deceptive People Or Both Not Bound By COLOr. MOrE Bound By The SHIt Hole One Reigns From / Has AllEGIANCE To. No Duel CItIZENSHIP Should Be AllOWED In Congress. JewS Are 2% Of Our Population But Hold 26% of congress, 33% of the Supreme Court, 60% of the Harvard freshman class. Jews are a world domination centrist cult no different than the muslim and in fact Mossad in many cases is the alleged Muslim. They hire, advance, promote, loan, include only their own kind when ever possible and exclude all others and consider them "Controlled". It is there nature and as effortless for them as you breath. They own the Not Federal Reserve and have stolen "All" of our wealth caused wars & as of late assisted greatly to make 9/11 possible to the extent they planted the charges Fact! The BUILDInG Was Demolished Period Via Timed Explosives But I Digress concerning the problem that we all have called the Jew. Know your Jew. Reg 2: 6 I know those who call themselves jews but are the synagog of Satan. " Jesus knew his Jew. 
A living traitor that made propaganda to the commies criticizing the best ever. Another mentally retarded hollywieee! 
Pisssssssssssssssssssssss bang that the mental gome evil monster cunt 
If the niggers and moslems are anti christ im da anti nigger sanz 
Those tards are boring. On a high note, I just realized Sergei Kharitonov knocked out Roy Nelson. I used to watch Kharitonov in Pride, I didn't even know he still fought. I remember when he lost to steroid nigger Overeem, then beat him in the rematch. 
And he has a fat, ugly, nigger loving mudshark wife. If I was Mike Pence I would get real mad and slap the Bible out of her hand and tell them to get fucking lost. 
Just learned that 3 cities in montana are teaching gay sex ed to kindergarteners and 1st grade. Despite over 700 people flooding the school board to oppose the measure. These lgbt faggots deserve to die a horrible death. These monsters should be tortured for grooming children for pedos. 
Missoula has been overtaken by shit-hole types at this point. Nigger creep is going North. Saw a fat black sow in my local grocery the other day. Almost lost my appetite. 
Without anything to gain from eating them? Hell Mf No! That's a retarded Stupid Question! 
All primarily populated by blacks. Of course, Sweden has been destroyed by blacks, as well. They imported the muslims, and 'the Kalergi plan' being to Never actually assimilate or contribute, but rather to destroy the white culture and peoples. Yes, there is a difference between races. If Sweden would keep and actually disclose the accurate numbers for Who is committing all those rapes? Of course we know, without a doubt, that it is the nigger muslims. But Sweden just as the Uk doesn't 'keep those statistics'. Of course, best of all? Go ahead. Criticize the nigger muslims. Criticize government for betraying people by forcing the nigger muslims in. And end up in jail. 
Reality white girls run off with older black bucks who rape 13 yo girls if Utah is this bad? 
Nigger preys on vulnerable young white girl, she eventually rejects him, she is either raped or tortured then murdered. Sad she died, perhaps she could have learned from this. I'm happy he killed himself. 
Woolfe. Jew nigger mongrel 
Hey socialist. You aren't "blocked". I don't mute anyone. Capitalism isn't destroying anything. It's what built European nations. Left wing globalism pushed by your global socialist cousins is the problem. Have a word with them faggot 
Gross there will be faggot blood everywhere 
That should be, fairy gay faggot blood everywhere. 
Lol trolling the mentally retarded is fun! 
You're probably too young to be a boomer. If, as your cartoon profile implies, you're female, then you're safe from ever being a faggot, though rug-munching is always a possibility. I doubt I'll ever be a faggot either. Tried it once 36 years ago, and discovered that I have no sexual interest whatsoever in men. Nothing's changed since then. But humans are intensely malleable creatures. Who knows? 
Why negros be extinct, without gibs? Because negros are literally too fucking retarded to feed themselves. Their too retarded to grow vegetables and shit. Their that slow. 
Large portions of florida are still majority white, the area hit was one of these. When my area was hit few years ago we got nothing from the media and nothing from the govt. They only care when it's niggers. We don't make the news unless they can blame us for something. 
Religious faggot 
Atheist faggot. 
Wrong again, dumb kikesucker 
Man. She is one ugly "thing. " Can't call her a man or woman. 
He's another fucking twat Remainer shilling for the globalists just like Majid Nawaz 
If isn't a subversive jew, I'll eat my maga hat. This article is from May 4th 2018. 
Hmm. Faggot tier shaming. There seems to be a really odd common thread that these are the people that demand and command 100% thought compliance but do fuck all for others. As far as I know, I don't agree 100% with and he can cope and carry on with his mission. Seems like a good point in his favor. 
I have no idea what he thinks his mission is. From what I see, it is mostly sowing doubt. Thought compliance? Well, it is the mark of a leftist to secretly demand conformity of thought while ostensibly encouraging debate. It is the mark of the Right to demand conformity of behavior while encouraging independent thought. I have no problem with someone pondering the issue and asking tough questions. I have a real problem with guys like him discouraging others and undermining their faith in our nation. He isn't asking questions or thinking; he's getting people alarmed with false news that the cause is lost. Remember, he was telling people to vote the Republicans out of office; I guess he hates everyone. "Faggot tier shaming" is a good line. I only snapped because I was hit with bullshit replies. You and are the only guys that actually appear to have put some thought into it. Frankly, there are a lot of young guys who never had a father and want things to be better and have no idea how to get things done. The cry and curse, and for them, faggot tier shaming seems about on the mark. It's the language they speak. 
That is the most insecure cunt I've ever seen. "But. She's almost naked and. And. Posing with a Communist flag! ". Yeah. In her safe space. Where she can'. Who gives a shit, kill the stain. 
She'S The Living Definition Of A Fucking Nigger 
Do any of you fucking morons know what philosophy is? It's not your retarded opinion on politics. 
Go get 'em, tiger 
Half these clowns on here can't even spell philosophy without the spell checker! 
Could be political philosophy. 
Hateful, fuckin nigger 
Because most people are retarded troglodytes 
Seeing these retarded immigrants marching into our country with their flag makes me think the Nazis had the right idea with eugenics. 
Cut junk off + insert in mouth + sew lips shut = one less nigger pedo stinking up the planet. 
And just what career was the faggot promoting? 
U must be a troll. Gary Johnson What a faggot 
Rotflmao! And they actually believe this? Either retarded or dumber than a box of rocks. Talk about living in a bubble. 
Wow, talk about projection. You really are a clueless cunt aren't you. 
This is going to get canceled soon. Abc had a hit on their hands, but their nigger president fired Roseanne over a joke tweet. Shows how butthurt Disney and Abc are. In the old days, you got fined first, then fired if you repeat the offense. 
Then speak in english you fucking retard 
Those Wetback Drug Cartel fuckers would send 'em on across the river, anyway - telling them, 'Don't worry. They've never shot anyone yet. ' 
Yeah time for you to go pray at the mosque you sand nigger lover! 
Written by a christard yesterday in here, They choose that goddamn sand nigger Over their race 
You are shitting up the alt right with you faggot ass candle shit 
What is surprising is that a nigger would buy a book 
You would know what a retard is. Look in the mirror 
So instead you'll just have more anal sex. Got it. 
You ain't gonna do shit faggot 
Fuck off with your premium content faggot 
God I wish this faggot would try this with my glorious American flag danglin of my front porch. 
Sadly representative of the state of things when this faggot Rino demonstrates more backbone than the rest of the Senate combined. 
Npc faggot 
Until the Faggot & Tranny took over the Wh I had No Idea what Left & Right where People would ask me what I was Since I had no idea I just said Middle Thought it was a Safe Area till I learned what it meant 
Germany: Muslim asylum seeker savagely rapes 13 yr-old schoolgirl who was teaching him German. More blood on the hands of the treasonous sow cunt. 
This one seems drugged. And I thought Joe Biden was a creepy ass fuck. I feel sorry for the poor captive Orcress here 
Drugged? She was running all over the place. Didn't post this for your benefit anyway. Just to make that jealous Marxist twat look stupid again with his fake girlfriend line lol 
Why was your fake gf running away from you pussyboy? Women really hate you being near them don't they? 
Still fake. Video bounces straight off the blind eye of this Marxist. And she was scampering off because she's shy lad. If she didn't want to see me she wouldn't have spent 2. 5 hours on the train coming to Eastbourne ya thick twat lol 
She ran away because she detests you pussy boy. Just tell the truth. 
Lol. Your lies don't work well pussyboy. All women detest you and that's why you have to make shit up. 
God this guys an outright commie looking at his profile. 
Oh yes mate. True-Brit is anything but a true Brit. One of the few real Marxists who dare be here. Still a coward and anonymous of course. Hates me because I ridicule his Islamo-Marxist ideology. Ironically some of the Nazis here who hate me too are quite happy to chat with him about me. I'm a genius. I've brought Marxists and Nazis together for the first time lol 
Some of the nat soc types are actually hard core Nazis who have no problem with that ideology. Some of them are just outraged at what's been done and look to it for a solution. 
Agreed. It's the latter who need to be shown that Nazism only plays to what the Left want. 
I'm not nat soc but I am a white nationalist, I feel we have a right to exist and respect our race and culture. We study sea steading on Minds. My take on why the west is in trouble is along these lines. 
Dont get upset because you are a pussyboy. You chose to live like one. It's funny that you pretend to be a hard man lol 
Why do you throw shit over people? Thats why you have no mates 
She's got nigger privilegeyou know, because they're so stupid 
Historically, niggers on the plantation have always hated the nigger who decides to leave the plantation 
Apple slave master, Tim Kook lies to retarded Vice "reporter" about banning. Provides Zero reason but states they aren't political. Lmao at over privileged leftist scum. 
I referred to someone who was acting just like a Retard and therefore called them RetardED next thing I know I'm in Twit - Mo prison 
Faggot 
The Gab Nazis are SJWs Irl, which is why they're trying to ruin this platform. If they actually believed any of the retarded shit they said, they'd be making arguments instead of photoshops and other faggotry. They might also be Saudi agents, but they're probably Soros funded; nobody is that stupid for free. 
Nigger "grandmother" in her 40's stabs 20 month old toddler and parboils her in the oven. Note the reference to a similar case of child roasting at the bottom of the article. Looks like the nogs' tastes have graduated from ghetto lobster to ghetto brisket. I blame MasterChef. 
Everyone should have disconnected from Google when I warned about this two years ago. Instead you all just keep walking down the slaughter chute, oblivious as retarded cows. 
They're not voting for her anymore, now that they realize what a twat she is! 
I take pride in knowing that I once called PeanutButterGamer a faggot in some thread and he read it out loud at a panel. 
Found it. Though apparently it was JonTron that I said was a faggot. Either way. Things are actually kind of switched now, I can tolerate JonTron but the other guy is fucking annoying. 
Wigger Sharia an article refuting White Sharia 
You’re a nigger 
Let the negroes keep their nigger problem to themselves, so that the Americans can be free again. Repatriate the blacks to africa. 
25th October 1971 the Ira murdered Robert Lindsay, 47. Catholic civilian described as mentally retarded fatally injured 2 days earlier walking down Grosvenor Rd. Bullet fired from Thompson submachine gun as Army lorry going past. Never claimed. 
I say again, the death wasn't a British soldier he was a mentally retarded civilian, nothing to do with the British Army. You are out of context that is why I object to your post. The allegation that I can't handle free speech is a bit rich from someone with a private account. 
General lee and his faggot modern day descendant. 
My family owned the quarry at Stone Mountain before the Civil War. Afterwards when the dust settled, my family was ran off their home place by carpetbagging opportunist. I still have a connection to the land there. If this twat thinks she’s capable of destroying this monument. She has another thing coming(cont) 
Yeah and Glr also said it's too late for that. "try to explain to the charging bull nigger how he’ll be better off amongst his own people without getting free shit from you, like the dumb fucking thing can even understand what you’re saying or cares. " 
Libs candidate deserves to win in a Landslide, as the Former Cunt has shown his colours of evil son of Alp whore, he should join the Alp commies ungrateful sob, coal power stations you evil cunt that is what got you Out twice you creepy Bastard 
They should get rid of them by throwing them in the center of a muzzie crowd. Two birds with one stone. 
I am an atheist and it pisses me off how much they shit on Christians. What makes it worse is they bend over backwards to promote muzzie murder cult rapists. 
Amazing how Jews can drop the Nigger bomb and careers remain unaffected. 
How about you get fucked nigger faggot 
Cry more cunt 
Dumb Commie Twat 
Just like every wanna-be wigger in the 90's was a member of a gang, when they flashed. If it's even a pro-White thing, it belongs to the Rainbow Flag equivalents. 
Third action for you folks: insurance/whatever they do- They don't seem to be airing the commercial anymore of a decent-looking white cunt & her nigger boyfriend (husband, supposedly, but I don't acknowledge such pairings), both supposedly Corps, playing w their nasty mocha kids. No matter- it's out there. Fuck their service, traitors 
Daft bitch trying to hide the fact that it's a fucking collage maker. God she's fucking retarded 
Toronto Faggot Jordan Hunt. Abuser of Women. 
Wait, so what did she do to her boyfriend? Can you give me the basic rundown so I don't have to watch this nigger bitch screech for an hour? 
Teach them not to lie to destroy a decent man! If you teach them Truth and Integrity, maybe they will grow up to be decent people and Not retarded Far Left Pos. 
The only thing worse than a Christkiller is a redneck biblethumping cunt. Ur muted 
What about the sex with animals in those fables? You guys are for that as a real thing that happened too? Plus you have done fuck all since the ice giant fable myth right? Still based on fables, New Age practices, and Nigger style spiritism. Not exactly something to commend it to normal Whites. 
I’m white. Ad infinitum. Mute me, you faggot kike! 
Fuckwit Nazi cunt blames Jews for Islam and Hamas terrorists, Al Qaeda and Isis - you fucking idiot 
There you go. The proud Nigger race. 
I'd rather sleep with a nigger than sleep with human garbage like you. You're nothing but a little bitch 
Cunt 
F'n Flame up some retarded hot dog rockets. Throw another one on the Barbie. Neil and Buzz actually landed on the moon. One thing, I do know. F'n commie bastards nowadays couldn't take a shit in a paper sack and walk backwards with out thier boots turning brown. 
Diversity is why Nigger ball chasers kneel for the anthem, it's why Niggers riot when one of their criminal kin folk gets shot or arrested, it's why Niggers loot during a crisis. Diversity is why our heroes monuments and our heritage is constantly attacked and they lay a guilt trip on Whites for being White. No, you can keep your diversity nonsense! 
A nigger bug 
I'm not a right-winger. I'm centre-right. Neither are you. You are just a socialist. Sticking National in front of it doesn't hide that red neck boy ) 
We never established anything, just in your own infantile mind you think you’re clever. The Koko the gorilla reference was to how Koko’s Iq was higher than the average black female you try to pull. The only question is is do you have to settle for them or do they have to settle for you? 
You literally ran this exact photo through a photoshop app you fucking retard lmao 
Oh that one you nutter. I thought we were talking about the one of me you posted. No pic of you then lover? 
The faggot betamale pozholes strike again! This woman was a voice actress who got fired & her twatter account deleted because of this. Seriously, fuck twitter 
1984. String this big nose cunt up from a lamp post 
For King Day somebody could make a flyer to tape on a window over their closed for King Day sign with a better message: Closed For National Nigger Day. Because the Jews made us. 
And when someone decides not to play your little game, and instead calls you the fucking retard you are, and shows you things you don't like, you cry and snitch and bitch and troll like a sniveling little cunt. Faggot. Snitch. 
You misspelled Faggot McInnes* 
Go play kick the can somewhere else if thats the best you can come up with because you know damn well the Warren Commission was a coverup. Back and to the left retarded boomer faggot. 
Poor little nigger boys need to be noticed to get pity again from the population, it seems more like a threat to law enforcement. 
Just got myself put in FakeBook Jail for posting a meme that says "Fuck Islam- the only good muzzie is a dead muzzie". FakeBook says it. Hmmm, I don't see it that way. 
Don'T Mudshark! Nigger Killed That White Track Athlete From Utah When She Spurned Him Finding Out He Lied To HeR ABOut Being In Jail! It Isn'T Worth Death For Nigger Cock! 
I am also a nigger and a Muslim so the modern democrats will give me a medal! 
They don’t need to control the entire world by gun point. Bribery, blackmail, nepotism and people like you being fucking retarded works just as easily. 
All founded, controlled by, or owned by jews: The Federal Reserve, the Msm, education, Hollywood and the porn industry. Most of The Deep State. E. G, Ford was surrounded by jews before, during & after her testimony. Google, Facebook, Tinder, Instagram. Brussels, the Eu, Imf, Anti-Brexit, Antifa, Neoconservatism. Rothschilds banking dynasty, Soros, 
The jews never question why everybody hates them. It must be devastating to find out that one's blood is tainted with yidicitis. Better to be part nigger like harry's bitch 
How retarded can someone be to not notice that there are different races? Obviously only a mentally insane lefty could come up with "there are no races. " If race is just a construct then why are there whites, Blacks, Asians etc? Of course these are Facts so I don't expect you to understand this! 
Don Lemon laughing his head off when anther black says this happens when negros don't read So i called Don Lemon a fucking dumb ass nigger and got my account features limited straight away on Twitter 
You might be the biggest retard on gab. Why can't I judge someone based on their Dna? I know for a fact that I'll never see a 180+ Iq negroid because of Dna. Why is it arbitrary? 
Was watching new show "Fbi" the other evening. Not bad but it is the perfect example of current year Sjw. "Strong female lead" (gag me), and a Muzzie for a partner. They even do fat pride, accidently, I think. See, the lead chick has an oversized rhino ass (and she's not black), the Muzzie guy is over weight too (and literally knock-kneed. Then there was a raid with tactical guys. I swear that nearly all of them had well-tended beer guts! Wtf? Swat and related tactical guys are usually the fittest guys in the bunch but These guys were chubbos. 
I got it. I was goughing the black cunt 
Candace Owens: Chris Evans ‘Basically Called Kanye a Dumb Ni*er’ over His Trump Support Chris Evans thinks he is better than you if you aren't a communist cunt like he is. Makes me sick that he plays Captain America, really sickening. Everyone should chime in on Chris Evan's post where he talks down to Kanye. These Hollywood Frauds really need to go away. I would love to see all of the bankrupted and end up on the street, that would be rather fitting for communist douchebags like Mr. Steroid Face here. 
Wetbacks don't understand the U. S. Constitution because their disrespect for this country has been encouraged. The wetback shouted about the lack of due process, showing she clearly doesn't understand that Brett Kavanaugh was cheated out of that 36 years ago. 
Damn. That's about the most retarded post I've seen today. 
That cocksucker should have had lead poisoning 25 years ago. Fuck that nigger muzzy scum sucking bastard. 
Muted can't be bothered with a twat 
All cops would gladly hand their families over to nigger rape squads if their affirmative action muslim tranny faggot chief ordered them to 
Faggot 
Kikesucker faggot english 
I’ve been pondering a question. It’s very difficult. Which are worse, niggers or faggots? Niggers are more violent and rape White women, but faggots molest little boys in huge numbers. 
On one hand the niggers are obviously worse in evry way but then again the argument can be made that niggers are born niggers, it’s not like they decided to become niggers. Somebody can choose to be a jew or a fag or a democrat but niggers are just naturally nigged from birf i would say niggers are worse cuz at least most fags are White. 
A nigger faggot by far. 
I recently happened upon a bunch of cheap faggots. Well, there you go. That is all. 
A faggot is a bundle of sticks. It is rumored that homosexuals were used to get the "fires going" when they burned witches at the stake. True or not true I do not know. It would explain a lot though. 
Faggot looking brother fucking asshole let me talk to him! 
Nigger News: Nigger with both Nigerian and British citizenship claims he's a Jew too - so he can hide out in Israel. Apparently, they bought it. He's been busy starting civil wars in Nigeria. 
I bet a lot of Americans do not think that a actual street nigger war will break out! It is nothing for truck loads of armed savages pulling up into a suburb and ripping and raping whites right out of their houses while Nobody does nothing! Get Ready to Get It On! 
Listening to MundaneFatt drives me crazy. Talking about triggering libs while he got so triggered by streams he flagged them. Had the gamergate council idea back in the day that would have ruined the whole thing. Most those people in the plebbit poll drifted right over the years. This Trump Derangement Syndrome retard needs to peacefully sunset himself. 
That's right. Give the nigger an inch and they'll be raping our wives and daughters. 
I am so sick and tired of Shepard Smith I’m I am so sick and tired of Shepard Smith on Fox News channel He needs to go to Cnn or Msnbc. Why is it every day between 3 and 4 Pm Monday through Friday he is allowed to degrade our President and Republicans consistently? Time to fire that no good son of a bitching faggot 
I won't watch Faux after 9AM. At 8 it goes back for Tucker. The daytime programming has been taken over by the Libtarded Murdoch Sons Leftist programming. 
The Russians won WW11. Not us. Now the have a fine White Army. Not a bunchn of spic and nigger mongrels 
And that does what, exactly, for the american people? Stupid evil cunt 
Remember, God made Adam and Eve not Adam and some skanky nappy nigger 
Faggot 
I'm telling ya, get video working, add "tips", ignore those "block" faggot demands, and you'll explode this shit. 
Trump is absolutely ruined the liberal elite and retarded fake news. Potus Is A Legend 
You get the "dumbest cunt of the day" award. 
The faggot shit is one thing. I mean not my flavor, but fuck who you want. You still shouldn't be a boy scout troop leader, but you aren't a complete waste. These tranny MFers though? Something is bad fucked up with them. Our nations kids shouldn't even know what a tranny is, much less have it pop on national news as a thing. 
She is a paki. Could pass as a sea nigger 
It is sand nigger. Just for the record I am mixed race Scottish/Paki 
Correct what you nigger lover 
The os for the. Where goes one retard goes them all 
That should read i am retardicas i am fakahontas i am a wigger i am a valor thief i am a attention whore 
Fake fuck faggot Nazi agenda account says what? 
"can't handle other opinions" you have the intellect of a cheesburger wrapper, we all already know about jews you retarded simpleton. Go shit up someone else's timeline you basic faggot 
Same place a wetback caught on video tossing the body of a 8yo white girl into a dumpster after he raped her to death was in the news. Local & international only during Trump's election yr 
Guns don't mean shit if you aint got balls it time for all niggas to be warriors gain we was kings and queens visiting the stars before the white devils came stoled are knowledge and enslaved us it gonna be a black planet white devils watch out 
The only Devil around here is you Nigger. 
Damn this nigger never fails to make me laugh 
The Packers have gone downhill along with the rest of the Nfl and the nigger kneelers 
Embarrassing 4 All Parties Concerned Hunter U Humiliate Yourself Live On Tv moron many fucking times, enjoy your stupid fuckng buks, being fuking abased, as a fool searches through them trying to find, Why U Fuking Did It Cunt A Good Name, Ill Reliev U Of It Fuk 
So I imagine "home land" means that land your people came from at a certain point but not any place or time before then. And it's funny that you mention this when whites systemically eradicate natives of the land they wish to steal which forcefully makes them said peoples a minority. Not only are you a retard you're also a fucking hypocrite Lol. 
Blah blah faggot 
This Jew cuck faggot needs to fuck a nigger and die of Aids 
Newsome is a fucking nutcase. Someone should do what that cunt teacher said about our justice Kavanaugh. He will totally destroy California if he wins, it’s pretty much damaged beyond repair now! 
Who cares about the Nigger Felon League 
*faggot faggot 
What a Cunt how dare he talk about civil rights and Civil Justice when his party is the party of the Mob and mob rule and his voters and the left have done nothing but burn and smash America. 
Unless the blonde is retarded this isn't even a contest. Nothing feminine about horse face there 
Fuck the conners they are a american Obama nation! Dont watch show boycott faggot democrats and small veiws of America society 
Now it's got nigger shoes on it. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news but everything in Washington D. C. Has nigger shoe prints on it, the city is like over 50% black. 
True. Female loves black and wants to plunge the universe into chaos and destroy the definitive lines separating each Color created by Creator. Thousands of years of the chance to evolve into something Higher, yet the nigger still lives in shit and wants to spread its shit everywhere. If Creator wanted to bless Africa with wisdom, He would have done so. 
So, this don lemon house nigger extraordinaire, literally sucks a shit covered big white dick every night and he wants to call kangye west an uncle Tom? 
They need to go full retard and announce that, if they get control of Congress, they will begin executing all white males. Never interrupt your enemy when they are making mistakes! 
Okay, faggot nigger. I got my definitions, too. 
Guy looked like some kinda spic to me 
Liberal & feminist women don't give one single fuck about rape, women, or "women's rights" All they care about is virtue signalling, attaining power & ruining men by using women & rape as weapons. 
Alyssa is obviously one of those that likes to be raped. 
Alyssa needs to be drop kicked in the vagina 
Here in Nm we call that a cunt punt! 
The 1st doesn't give the government the authority to regulate speech in a private forum and if you're willing to sacrifice the ability to advocate violence so you can use naughty words then you're a credulous retard and our freedom of speech needs to be protected from you. 
The faggot tears here are priceless. Whatever you think of the Proud Boys at least they aren't afraid to defend themselves against antifa faggots. 
So all those tribal conflicts by pure blood black tribes that raided each other for the "First Fucking Slaves" zulu warriors come to mind but hey believe what you want faggot your belief in no way changes the truth of history 
No it's not! You're fucking retarded! I dare you to fucking site me the law where anti-Semitism is against the law. I can call you a nigger, kike, chink, spic, and there's nothing you can fucking do about it. Every retard just like you, needs to fucking burn! 
I'm pointing out the techniques the Left use idiot. Making false allegations about people they hate to create doubt. Kavanagh is just one example and it's what that twat was trying to do with me with his screams of rapist lol 
My prediction. Hundreds of thousands of people that didn't even know what Gab is or that unlike Twitter it won't censor you will now know what Gab is. Once @a gets Gab. Com back online the user numbers will spike upwards maybe even by huge numbers like 100k etc etc. The left just doesn't get it. 
Oh we get it. We get you're retarded and need to be on a platform with nazis and racists so you can communicate with people that have similar IQs 
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Trumplover. You Are A Filthy Nazi-Like Racist Liar. You expose yourself and that you are an Owned Whore of the Globalists. Poor brain dead puppet scumbag traitor to humanity. 
Opposing viewpoints =/= nazis 
Re-read. Didn't say he was a nazi or racists but rather that they needed to be on the same platform with people who have similar iq's. Try to keep up 
A dumbass trying to be a smart-ass. If you don't want nazi's on here then mute and block them. 
I don't need to. I just screenshot the stuff and send it to law enforcement and let me deal with it. Doesn't bother me that they put their ignorance on display for the world to see 
Beta faggot who wears dresses and is a thief is the perfect dnc candidate 
No matter what Trump tries to do it'll get blocked by some faggot judge. 
Look, a nigger on the Dnc plantation going to work to entertain his masters by running around a dance floor and throwing a ball into a hoop like a trained gorilla. 
I'm thinking Wictor (W is the German V and this faggot doesn't say his name as "Victor" as he would if he supported its German roots) is a spy or shill. Et tu, Emannuel? 
Nigger English for people to black to understand real english 
I doubt knowing what they speak of would make much difference, the idea itself is still fucking retarded. It's like the dumb cunt forgot everything she learned in school about biology. It's like women who don't understand why men don't sit like they themselves do, It's almost like men and women are different on a biological level. 
Patriots didn't forget bitch! 
We're Elephants not Jackasses. We'll never forget. 
I Can'T Believe The Public Is So Blind And Oblivious To THIs Woman'S Arrogance, Evil And "DIsMIsSIVE Of Everyone Nature", It'S Simply ASToNIsHInG How THIs Megalomaniacal Cunt Still SLItheRS Around In SoCIETY! 
Bunch of retarded thugs. 
Without niggers and spic the Us would be purple. 
Share this everywhere and find this faggot soy boy 
Shoot them all at the border. They are a foreign invading army, not refuges. Democrats are so retarded they can't even see how they're being played Of course, when they support violence, rape, and the murder of white women, you can't be surprised by anything Dems do today. Maybe they aren't being played and really do like rape and murder. 
You are a retarded liberal moron. Housing is a human right? So the gov't will force contractors to build home for free? Who pays for the materials? Labor? God you liberals are fucking stupid. 
You've spammed this 50 times you faggot kike. 
Yep. Schumer Is A Sniveling Jew Fk, And Needs Destroyed By HIs Real Crimes. Just Like That Other Jew COMMUNIsT Cunt Feinstein. Both Are Just Pigs. 
Trump replaced conservative Scalia with Conservative Gorsuch and the left got pissy He replaced moderate Kennedy with Conservative Kavanaugh and the left went ballistic Imagine how fun it's going to be when he replaces liberal icon Ginsburg with conservative Barrett 
Oh Yea! 
No way. She has already proven, with her personal mess of a life, she cannot judge, impartially, any case that would come before her regarding Affirmative Action. I'll personally work to make sure my senator will not turn and vote for her. 
She has adopted 2 Haitian nigger kids. That proves to me she values limp wristed Sjw ideals more than the rule of law. Given she took 2 of them into her house, how could anyone believe she'd vote to do the right thing and shitcan the nigger quota law? 
I Hate So Much Niggas As A Proud Dutch WAsP Like You. They're inferior to us, they're like Monkeys With Too Much Sweat When They Talk To Me, They Disguss Me! I hope south carolina and all the south would split from the North like during the secession war, to split for the liberal orders. 
I Propose! All The Neggros In The North And The Liberals States (ny, Nj, Ma, Oregon, WASHInGTON And WASHInGTON Dc, California, and MaYBE Nevada And New Mexico. 
In The South like north CAROLInA, VIRGInIA, West VIRGInIA, Mississipi, Alabama Etc. My proposal is to recreate confederated white states, like all the states with a confederated Flag, with Only White And Wasp People Like Me! 
The Future SOutheRN Conservatives States Would Be: Only Wasp, To Recreate Kkk Groups, Heterosexual, And Of Course, White Only. All The Niggas, Asians, Muslims, Gay, Trans, etc. Get Out! 
Get Out Of The New SOutHERN Conservatives States, To Recreate A New American Revolution Like The Amish In Pennsylvania Or The Utat, Salt Lake City, With A Larg Part Of MOrMONS! Jeovah, SCIENToLOGIST Like ToM Cruise, Get Out! 
Another wigger like frazier glenn miller went on a shooting spree. Smh 
I’ve been pondering a question. It’s very difficult. Which are worse, niggers or faggots? Niggers are more violent and rape White women, but faggots molest little boys in huge numbers. 
On one hand the niggers are obviously worse in evry way but then again the argument can be made that niggers are born niggers, it’s not like they decided to become niggers. Somebody can choose to be a jew or a fag or a democrat but niggers are just naturally nigged from birf i would say niggers are worse cuz at least most fags are White. 
About the only thing worse than a nigger is a gay nigger 
The only thing worse than a nigger is 2 niggers 
2 gay niggers? 
Faggot 
Whites aren't raised to be racist. It comes from their unfortunate encounters with disgusting feral nigger savages. Niggers on the other hand are raised from birth to hate duh white debil 
You are now their slave. Whites are cheaper than a nigger slave now. Lol 
Whites lost their soul decades ago that's why so many young whites have embraced nigger culture and music. There is no such a thing anymore as "white culture" they sold their soul to the devil of comfort and affluence 
You're like a hemorrhoid Maga hat, you come in here and flare up at intervals. You can try and sweet talk me, but the bad news is you don't get to fuck me, I'm not that kind of mountain cracker. You should go hit on that faggot that just came out, I'm sure you could get some off him. Sorry you're so frustrated and kevetching, but you really need to fuck off. 
Would be a good bull for you. You seem like a catcher. I wish you two the best faggots. See you in the streets. 
A 21 year old, white girl was gang raped and then had her head bashed in with a rock by four African savages, and you're upset about fucking comments? Does the word nigger upset you more than white girls being brutally raped and murdered by blacks? Sickening. 
Faggot illiterate hipsters are buying sets of books by color. They don't even care what's written in them or the title. 
As if that nasally little faggot has a girlfriend, cunts got pillowbiter written all over him. 
"What if someone calls you a Faggot for doing that? " Tell your faggot friend that I don't care what somebody calls me. 
For centuries White people were gruesomely tortured to death for not believing in the fictional kike created faggot jew on a stick. Kikes & their shabbos goy ruled then as now. 
The Jew spews his vile hate at Christianity because the Jew is organized like an army of Satan, and to stand against them for more than just a short time, takes a movement not just based on political ideology, but also on Faith 
10/ Semi-related, that's the same with 2nd Amendment absolutists. Like Jim Losi seriously and literally says that there should be no restrictions on guns, including for criminals and the mentally ill. He told me that directly. If that's your position and you think you're a "super patriot, " you're actually just a retard. 
Fuck off nigger 
Martin Cizmar=Another Jewish Cunt Causing Problems, So Typical! 
Muzzies may suck but they are hardly a problem. The real problem is the Left and the illegitimate corrupt federal government. All govt. Actually, but the feds are the worst of eh lot. 
Islam is stupid and inherently imperialistic. However, in the modern world our muslim problem has been self-inflicted and self-induced. We created, armed, and deployed the Muzzie terrorists. We created the Mujaheddin, Al quaeda, and Isis. 
I Pick Up The Crown As I Kill U 4 Attempting The Feat Hunter Jesus U Foolish Fuk, you wander into the room, merrily point a fuking gun at my hed, And TheN Expect A Variety Of Grenades Not To Be Placed In Your Presence, Hunter, you do realize, that those grenades can only kill you, your STUpIDItY Will Shield Us, Retard THX4 the Name, Ill UsE It 
Gd Lrd Hunter, evry1 els ws busily plotting my murder untl u wre foolish enuf 2 giv dem a much more fun target enjoy the nxt few sconds b4 the grnades explode moron Both Mtaphriclly & Figuratively Now Die idiot Figurateively Now. Idiot. Thank you, I will steal the name idiot fcking use an abase it at this point u pul diz hell retard *ring* *ring* *ring* Fuking Moron 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Hahahahahahaha brilliant that self-loathing cunt can disappear all together I know I wont be shedding a tear for her 
Why waste your time watching this bullshit? Its all about kissin jew and nigger ass 
And again, you call names. Just another Nazi cunt trying to be Hitler edgy. 
Poll: How many nogs do you think are on Gab? 
Low Iq beta cucks like yourself are a manifestation of liberal brainwashed low Iq beta cucks living within the construct of low Iq liberal ideology. You're welcome. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Theres no such thing as "faggotry". There are procreationists only. Faggotry only results in extinction. The liberal words you use perpetuate your own mental illness which leads you further into a beta cuck abyss. You're welcome. 
U sound gay 
Low Iq beta cucks use liberal terminology like "gay", "nigger". Acceptance of liberal language is slavery. You're too low Iq to understand this. You're welcome. 
Go away, faggot. I’m worried I’ll get Aids just talking to you. 
Low Iq people like you have used the same approach which has been used continuously for the past 153 yrs without any uptick ie no success. Try a new approach retard. Thats my point. You're welcome. 
You ingest so much nigger semen I think it’s making your brain go soft. 
I'm guessing you're either a black man who prefers cock. Or a black female who prefers pussy. Your portrayal of the "stereotypical white male racists" is textbook. Take your meds. You're welcome. 
U sound like a gay nigger 
My bad, you're definitely a transgender, transracial black male who sucks cocks. 
Superman can't be a whingeing nigger he is the greatest! 
Is that supposed to be cleavage? What a limp wristed commie fist. And the democratic socialist Faggot badge. Nice She looks So outraged doesn't she? 
The whole argument for it assumes that trade partners intend to play by the same rules, and that mutual benefit is the only outcome. It's mathematically sound, realistically retarded 
Beta is a lying, faggot piece of Trash! Conman Extraordinaire, just like that other Commie Faggot Obama! Intentionally trying to fool poor people by pretending he’s a latina! Lying Cocksucker! 
Hurrah Trump! Can't stand that ugly ass little bald headed nigger freak Corey Booker! 
The un Can Go Suck Muzzie Dick After They Pull It Out Of The Goats Ass And Get The Fuck Out Of The Untied States! 
If you do not hate, then you do not truly love. No greater wound a man can get then seeing the things he cultivates to grow wither and die by the hands of another. His children the apples of his eye, turned degenerate or murdered? Surely he should hate that which plots this. His wife driven from him? Surely he must hate this. A man without hate is not a man, but a slave. 
1 John 3: 15 if you hate your brother you have not eternal life. What was left to Christ when crucified? Nothing and what did he do? He forgave. The religion of hate comes from the one who hates you beware you do not become the son of Lucifer. Lean not unto your own understanding but in all things trust Christ. 
And then you and your ilk should not cry when we get tired of hearing your false gods bullshit and the bullshit "message" you come to promote. How strange it is you christians act just like jews, you bitch and moan oppression when someone calls you on your shit, but then you spend every waking moment trying to preach and impose your beliefs on others. 
Take your argument walking away. I’ve no time for chumps that a re blinded by hate. And have a nice day! 
Don't look back in anger bro, be a good cuck and learn to love the sand nigger as he rapes your kids. 
Can't shut it's mouth. Emotionally triggered woman. She loved me - " they all do ". 
I can smell the bitches skanky cunt from here. 
Be interested in This little Cunt! I'm your God, now bow down to me or Die! 
Juan Carlos delean idiotispic zeraellawetback dirtybeabeaner spic Zanas. 
This nigger wanted to destroy all monuments in Virginia 
Most likely most of the people who know this stuff are dead now. This evil cunt needs to meet a firing squad! 
If my wife had fucked a nigger in her past, she would not be my wife. I chose her, carefully so. - I am not sure what is going on here but it seems strange to try and follow. We agree that mud-sharking is a degenerate character flaw. 
Said anyone who hates mudsharks lives in their basement, smokes weed all day and plays video games. I said that’s not true, a lot of people who hate mudsharks have careers and families. Than he went all crazy and started calling me a kike, putting words in my mouth, and saying no well adjusted White Man would ever be against a mudshark. 
Out of curiosity, have you anti-national socialist retarded individuals ever heard about the ''Gulags''? Muh 6 million jews! Why do you cry about 6 million that aren't even from your race but completely forget the 10 plus million Ukrainians that died there? 
May is stopping the Uk from ever leave even play has like lot of cunt s and we can see straight throw the evil cunt witch we want herfired 
Racist human sewage Democrat Scum! Just another Retarded monkey brain! 
How in the fuck do you get that from the word nationalist? You, and people like you, are fucking Retards. Probably some faggot ass Hillary supporter. 
You kidding? He just made his bones in Washington Dc and will soon be on Hillary's and Soros payroll! He looks like a righteous little faggot soyboy 
Welcome to San Francisco. This is Folsom Street yesterday (9/30/18. This is the California Senators Feinstein and Harris are working so hard to protect. 
Ok Reddit mod. What boatsinker get too hot for ya? All hear this: this is how redditors do. Wes rolling along, doing our thing, and here comes this faggot, coming in here offering and humanist argument, when in actuality his cause, is anything but. 
Your whole, I luv yumans not mobs plea. All so tiresome. Pick a side, don't be a pussy. If you're white be white, don't fight it; if you aren't, why are we talking? 
Whose fucking thread was this? Mine or yours, I forgot. Oh wait mine. My charge still stands. Your a Reddit straw nigger here to magnet christains into being afrad of calling a fag a fag. Regardless of what schlomo tells you, you are not an individual, and your actions do affect the group. 
Don't need your mute/not mute, it is unconditional for quoting you moron. 
Biblically so. Yaweh Akbar! 
Jewish Supremacy 
My head. This guy is such a dork. 
Reddit to the max. 
We favor castration for pedophiles and faggots. 
Of the head. 
That would be decapitation? 
I mean if you somehow find a way to be a bigger faggot than Lindsay Graham then your opinion is beyond irrelevant. 
Useless retard muted 
I'm sure its been said, but her claim that she hears it all the time is a bit retarded 
Another white person dead at the hands of a flithy nigger 
Lol All he did was say "Muh dick" like a nigger and chimped out. God that was such a sad exchange. 
Rapey Somaili Muslims Are The Very Worst Sand Niggers! 
Asians and Latinos coming into America are bad enough. But the niggers are the absolute scum of the earth. The bottom of the shit pit. They are the nightmare of nightmares the niggers. 
Ok nigger lover! Lol 
Hillbilly wife strikes again: "If he (the President) let's those cocksukers in he will lose the support of the people who have supported him. Grow a fucking pair and keep the sons of bitches out. " 
The only let in retarded migrants is a nice addition. Although i don't think the wife would let npc watch her and tyrone. 
She hasn't done her job alright. She should've banned her grandson from marrying a fucking nigger 
No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2. 0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros 
That fucking seditious cunt needs a shiv shoved up her cunt. 
Right wing fascist pigs should be purged from American soil. Fuck trump. Fuck all the retarded sheep who follow that shitstain 
No surprise there. Feinstein is the quintessential evil Jew. 
You are right, but Jews are obviously Racist Retards! Obviously all lefties are brainwashed retarded monkey brains! All lefties are human sewage! 
Degenerate Minds, Degenerate Acts, Degenerate People All trained and Supported by World jewry! 
All faggots and dykes are sinners and will be slaughtered on YHWHs holy day of vengeance. Along with every other vile evil subhuman piece of trash. This is why they hate christians. They hate being reminded of the truth! 
Then when their done terminating dvery last faggot dyke and freakazoid. We get to step in and start terminating cockroaches with prejudice! 
I would imagine that if someone made a campaign flyer for a black candidate featuring the candidates picture and a simple get out the vote message that says: Vote For The Nigger! That could be quite the local newsmaker. Lots of Whites would find it funny. Snowflakes, Marxists and self hating Whites would be appalled. All that makes it appealing +worthwhile. 
Finally the girlfriend shows up! Take anumber sweet pea and when iim done skulllfucking and assbamging your boyfriend (ya im doin bothat once cuz his heads so far up his arse i can) i get to you and give you the business daddy used to save for weekends and holidays. Faggot 
Lmfao! Watch 2 kikes get kicked out of a muslim event! Jewess (Faith Goldy) kissing (Loomer)'s ass as they promote homosexuality and try to shame the muslims for being against it. Um do these retarded ass bitches realize that it's the Jews that are importing the sand people that they keep whining about? Jewish cunts! I hope nothing good ever happens to them ever. 
No One Wants A Dumbfuck She-Boon Nigger As GOVERNoR! 
Fuck off nigger! 
Why didn’t the mean old Nazis just choke the lying cunt to death? 
Wrong again, nigger. You exhibit the low intellect of your kind. Call me Master, nigger. 
Ugly cunt Black men even hate her ugly transvestite ass 
Retard fuck off 
Trump Has Always Incensed Racists. He Literally Does It Every Single Rally. Only a total retard can’t see that 
Rural pride. Wow that is so fucked. Wtf is this shit? It makes America look like faggot pussies. 
I like it, so I can stop the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches from following meD 
I remember our earlier conversation. What an unattractive bint. No kaffir male could possibly lust after her No hellfire for that penguin. Ok. 
Just because a man makes nigger jokes and chortles about the jews does not mean he's necessarily /ourguys/. 
Yeah it's called inciting a riot. And for being a nigger 
Mere blood? Then go race mix with Aztecs and niggers. No one wants anyone to be cucked, and there are heaps of cucked Whites, but to say you have more in common with some spic than with an European, is much too much, and it's a very cucked thing to say. Lol 
This shit again? You keep using that word "informant". I dont think it means what you think it means. Next time your moms black boyfriend rapes your asshole, dont call the cops, you nigger loving informant. 
Twat needs to go back to her country. 
De Niro nigger lover pc liberal is a shame to all Italian-Americans! A disgrace! Infamia! 
Punk ass faggot at it again 
Fat nigger lover. 
Also, Identity Evropa and that faggot cocksucker Patrick Cassey are human filth. They are controlled opposition funded by the enemy. This is why I maintain the Us cannot be saved. It must be allowed to swallow itself in the 2030s. 
Because I defend all types of bigotry, regardless of religion or ethnic background. I advocate against hate crimes. 
Black men are 6% of the population whites are about 65 to 70% of the population and a lot of Non Whites are called white. So those numbers are skewed Af and white crime is actually Lower 
Change is coming but not in the way you think you better embrace the change. My Founders looked to 700 yrs of European history to create the Constitution and Bill of Rights to go forward, one must know their past you do not know the past 
If the past was made up of people like you, we would still be a barbaric country. We will never be the same country that Our founding fathers began. For better or for worse, we live in a new world now. 
You are allowing Muslims, Indians, Mexicans in they are Heavily involved in human trafficking & you call Me barbaric? The Chinese have been ramming our ships into one another bc the Clinton's and shithead Eisenstein have sold our technology for over 30 yrs 
What about slavery? What about mass killings of Native Americans by the white people? I could go on. White people are not innocent in human trafficking. And as I mentioned earlier, the problem is with our immigration laws. Why don't you focus on that instead of skin color? 
Those whites who do human trafficking will get the rope. Try and tell a nigger he will get the rope for it and Cries Of Racism 
Cunt 
Good. She can go fuck a nigger now 
No shit, you think you’re some muh big White Supremest, until you find out kike is a derogatory term that a Jew calls another Jew. Fukin retards 
Like nigger and blacks? 
How is it diffetent? Don't niggers call each other nigger? Isn't a nigger the only people politically correct in using the word nigger? 
No, kike is what a fuckin jew called another jew when he wanted to insult them. So a white person calling a jew a kike is therefore a jew himself, thus the comment before that douchebag Silver-whatever-the-fuck’s post before mine. And I said to him too with his retarted bad white supremacy memes 
Only kikes can use the word "Kike" to insult kikes, but that's different than niggers using the word "nigger" to insult niggers, for reasons. So, if you call a kike, a "kike", then you must be a kike or don't understand what the word "kike" is all about. Again, for reasons. Got it. 
So, wait, if a white person calls a kike, a "kike", he ceases being white and becomes a Jew? All this time I thought that the "my fellow white people" shit was shapeshifters, shape shifting. It might just be white people who called a Jew, a "kike" and got shapeshifted. Stick to. The "fuckin' Jews" label. 
Obviously your too dim to grasp the point of the original comment. How bout this: Y dont you fuckin stop, using every word, and Stfu. Ok problem solved, and look in the mirror and say Goy with my dick in your mouth, Gtfo 
I think the point of the orginal comment was that you're a fucking ninny. 
Yea I guess, look who I got responding to this, so what does that make u? 
Ur seriously fucked up 
Um I didnt invent the word, only stating facts. 
Nigger tush up. Erupting gush 
Keep the muzzie scum out of the Usa. Please. 
RooshV is a retarded brown, and should be hanging from a rope for the crime of raping unconscious white women. 
Dead Nigger Storage. Literally. 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
What? You can call me a Nazi I'm not shallow enough to get upset over a word, friend. You can call me a Potato nigger too (not that you would) since I'm mostly Irish and I still wouldn't care. 
Things that TwittLer support. You Suck Commie Faggot 
When you understand the inversion of the Orwellian world, you understand the racism is towards white people fomented by the Jew media and Jew sewage of hollywood. Skinheads are just as retarded the other way. But I do understand the reaction to the incessant Racism by the jew media. The programming is meant to divide and conquer, and America is full of Republican's too stupid to understand Democrats are retarded. Left vs. Right is a false paradigm. The Truth lies outside the box! 
Always remember our enemies know they’re a race, one they believe has sanction by god to rule over goyim, using any means necessary to that end. They and their apologists always lie and misdirect. 
The Jews never had more freedom and power than when Muslims were ruling Iberia (after retarded Christian infighting let that happen. 
Paki twat 
You obviously didn't read the post, cuck. If you did, you'd realize a fucking canadian is stating that an American should resign from being appointed you fucking retard. Typical canadian. You fucks are serious asshats. Zero fucks for every single one of you. Yours truly, redneck 
Whoo the cunt is leaving! 
That do dear if you could afford one if car a millions then you must be a billionaire likebuying packet of walkers crisps ever time there rich people real dont no how to have fun spoilt greedy cunt s if I. Had million pounds car ill us it every day if just go to garden centre and find place with no other car on it so I would see how fast my car would go 
Garbage. Give it a fucking rest idiot. Who ever wrote that book is a Low Iq Twat just like the Name the Jew Clowns are Low Iq buttfuckers whose 'information' comes from Jews, Fags and Subversives. The Church did more to combat than nazis ever did. Fucking Goons. 
Hey John Never Go Full Retard 
Intolerance ftw. Reasons I don’t associate with other races or race-mixers. I absolutely refuse to. No exceptions. I won’t even get fresh meat from our local grocery bc the one nigger in our area works behind that counter. I’d rather drive further away to get meat. 
The little pussy in the blue hat is what Every Antifa faggot looks like behind their gay little masksscrawny, weak, virgin. 
Hey faggot can you mute me, your shit's obnoxious 
If there is anybody that is more deserving a smoking than Nigger O or Killery it's this jihad cunt. 
And You Look Like A Faggot You Sob. 
Conservative Girls living in big cities: How many times has this (or variation of this) happened to you? I lived in Nyc while attending university and I lost count of how often it happened. Either that or the nigger thoughtfully rubbing his package while staring at me, or the weirdo drooler who would just whip it out and start masturbating while smirking at me. I never made a big case of it - it was just par for the course of the day in Jewtropolis. I didn't connect it to men in general or think my civil rights as a woman had been violated. 
As the ex-father of a 24 year old daughter who I tried hard to raise properly only to be stabbed in the back after I found she had taken a nigger as her current fiance', therefore forfeiting any further acknowledgement as a family member and who is now regarded as a degenerate former member of White society, I encourage niggers to slay their mudsharks, whether current or former. Burn the coal, pay the toll. 
Fuck that. She grew up knowing what the drill was. I saved her from many bad situations involving niggers where she was scared to death. I even put my own freedom and life at jeopardy to do so on several occasions. And that is how she repaid me. She was even 'sly' about it. She knew what my reaction would be yet she tried to play me. The Thot came out hard in her which was equally angering. She is an evil wench and she deserves everything she gets. And I would hope that no White Man would ever fall for her if that chance was presented. I would do everything possible to save Him from that hell. 
Only retarded ppl are eating that pudding. 
QAnon doesn't lure in seasoned veterans that have been around for some time. Only Tards new to the scene bite on the bullshit. Kinda like waking up to frauds like Alex Jones. It takes a while to "see" it. When Q gets some balls to talk about the Jewish power structure, please wake me up so I can hop on the bandwagon. Until then, I'm not buying. 
Now, it's reduced to Blather. Repeated failures to prove that is fake. Over and Over. And Over! Just Drivel, now. Desperate. Micro-Flatulence. Pathetic. Sad. #Q 
You can't prove Q is real. You need to prove that first. I got facts, you got nothing but support for a retarded troll who is mostly wrong. Support Trump, not a retarded troll. 
Lol this sad little kid is still triggered as fuck. Watch me walk away from his retardism as he talks further about me. That's how triggered this pussy is. 
Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives. 
Again, retard, you need to prove "Q" is real first. Damn maybe you are an ex-leftist? 
Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives. 
Q is both in the alphabet & works with Bond, James Bond. How much more proof do they need. 
Super Cunt 
Self-Hating White Cucks On Parade 
Giving my two cents to say Nigger 
Nigh Kumar is neither funny or intelligent although as a typical cocky immigrant he thinks he's both & entitled to stick his nose in on the sovereignty of a Nation when his roots are not even of this continent The only thing Kumar is. A massive cunt who should Stfu & Fo 
What if i dont judge niggers by their Dna but the content of their character? And i say niggers and not just "blacks" because there is a difference, if you dont know that go watch some tommy sotomayor you stupid fuck 
How you doing? Apparently I'm the stupid fuck, good to meet you my name is Darren, now what are we on about? Oh yeah don't judge niggars by their Dna, ? I'm concerned why I can't say fuck, but I can say Nigger with this Ai, regardless, Tommy Sotomayor is a socialist. Talk to me about free market 
They don't really make sense, but not sexist. No-one's stopping fat chicks from using them. If conservative women couldn't fit through doorways, they'd just use man sized tissues. Fat Liberals however will take issue with everything including the box color. It will be changed to pink soon. Wait for it. I wonder what they'll be called. Cunt Wipes? 
So far, two couples have been White, which is as it should be. White children, representing a White country. Oh shit, I just saw a Nigger hugging a young White girl. That is racism at its height. 
Bloody hell, check it out. A Nigger host just bragged about the woman who trained the young White blue-eyed blonde and the Nigger boy, about how she was his partner. She too is a White, blue-eyed blonde. The racism in this show is perhaps the worst I have ever seen in a show. It is blatant, in-your-face racism. 
Southwest Airlines passenger removed for calling flight attendant a nigger. I think I just found my new Bff! 
If I got on a flight and found that the attendant was a nigger, I'd ask to be moved to another flight. In flight meals are bad enough without the added nigger spit or other bodily fluids. That's if you don't die of starvation waiting for the lazy she-ape to serve them. And then there's being locked in a plane for several hours with their monkey stench. 
Psycho jew cunt 
The Faggot Police Are Here! The Effeminate Boys In Powder Puff Blue! Far Too Limp Wristed To Defend Themselves, Never Mind You! 
White People put Trump in office and his thanks to us is open borders, jew cucking & bragging about low nigger unemployment. Holy Fuck Now That Is Winning! 
Tommy is pro-Israel because they are fighting Islam too pillock. Enemy of my enemy. 
Twat, he loves them because they finance him. Book deals are a dead give away. 
I have a theory about these idiots who keep calling Tommy Jewish. They are either Right Wing Watch Trolls planting devide & conquer stories to demonize influential peoples reputations. Or they could be Muslim Trolls trying to do the same? Cause there can't be that many nutters that believe this shit. 
You’re actually worse than a Jew. You are a nigger loving white man who is complicit in the destruction of western civilization by pointing to the symptom (muzzies) as opposed to the disease (Jews) 
Do please tell us about this fancy participation trophy you stumbled upon. No one finds nigger ape skanks attractive, even nigger ape boys. It’s more likely you can’t find an attractive white woman willing to sleep with you. 
Jews advocate marrying Jews. Asians advocate marrying asians. Muslims advocate marrying Muslims. But if Whites advocate marrying whites and Not marrying fucking niggers - we’re racists! 
That isn't racist if you want to marry whites. That's your choice. What this lot on here do is call other races different species so me seeing a black girl is beastiality. Now that is slightly err racist. 
Is it racist if it’s true though? 
If it were true it would be a fact. The fact that you lot Try to make it true, when it isn't, for your own nefarious purposes makes it racist. Understand? 
This is fact: Niggers have never made anything better, anywhere in the world. 
This isn't what you were talking about is it. And non white Japanese certainly took our inventions and improved them considerably. 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
News ‘Colbert’ Writer On Kavanaugh: ‘I’m Just Glad We Ruined His Life’ (has to be a miserable little piss ant 
Colbert payback is a bitch get ready retard 
The losers at work sure love their nigger ball 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
Yes, I get it! Your mother and sister and daughter are the same. I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad. Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother. Dumbass 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
Try reformatting that sentence, as grammatically it makes no sense at all. This is what happens when you smoke pot and skip school, you end up as trash. Well done, you’re a credit to your tribe. 
Yeah, as I’m not afraid to admit, I’m scared of heights so I’ll never be able to lower myself down to your level. 
Hitler is His role model. Lol 
Ever thought about looking at Facts instead of all the despicable Racist askeNazi Jew Lies! Nazi JewS are subversive lying scum! Whatever they accuse someone of they are guilty! Nazi JewS have done every genocide and started every war! AskeNazi JewS are humans sewage! 
Actually, I can't remember which breed of retard you are, exactly. Holocaust denier, chemtrail dude, QAnon supporter, or flat earther? 
Pierce did not take infrastructure and logistics seriously - he literally bought the Okc scam and even went on Jew Tv to praise terrorism. No wonder you praise his Worst mistakes, you being a Jew Tv collaborator yourself. 
Whereupon I take that as permission to say anything I want against you ZOGbots. Those who destroy white families must be absolutely destroyed theysselfs root, branch and tender twig. Now I don't blame a shitskinned dotheaded mamzer ZOGbot faggot for calling a White Man a child molester because of your Genesis 3: 15 haet. 
That new soc, faggot ass, is fitting 4 you, epecially after what I saw last night looking at your' profile. Guess those stills you sent from your Chatterbate streams was to trigger me, but I'm basically a sociopath from being online too much. This kind of retardation is fun to me. See ya soon buddy 
The actor who played a cool urbane writer named "Castle" for many seasons, whose character worked with a pretty white slavic Nypd detective is now in a series called "The Rookie" where he plays a 40-something Lapd rookie cop whose field training officer is some ugly black cunt with an attitude. That this cat left a cool role to play a demeaning role is quite sad. 
Whoopi Is DIsEASED Gnarly Dna Deviant Nigger Her Face Is A Train Wreck Ugly Cunt Scum Ray Charles Wouldn'T Even Face Fuck That Monstrosity Skank 
I believe that the jew created it, and then the muslims hated the fact they had come up with something they liked, so later adopted the idea behind their way of bullshit made up religion, and thats where the fact proves that the book they read everyday is just a complete book of bullshit, i believe it was the book invented by libtards who wrote every retarded thing 
Leftists are all talk no walk. Know what happens to leftists that do? These two did. 
That faggot needs the white man’s laws to protect him 
< Rag Headed Sand Nigger Muslim 
Don't worry, I'll just mute you so you don't have to worry about me "stealing" your precious jpgs ever again, faggot 
These Culturally backward, retarded bastards need getting rid of. Pakis and Bengali are the main ethnic groups involved. 
Based Russki James Woods you're a faggot boomer. 
Faggot 
Every year, the cost of treating cancer rises. Last I checked, the average cancer treatment costs $300, 000. And Chemotherapy Is Nothing But Radiation! It's carcinogenic, yet the doctors are administering carcinogenic chemicals to treat cancer. That's retarded and deadly. 
I had to make it over the top otherwise I would sound like a grammar faggot 
Anglan looks like a nigger 
Fucking useless Cunt Theresa May and the inbred blights in Buckingham won't do shit. Watch 
He sounds like a cunt but is it another beat up are there any police records 
Goddamn, Ac: Odyssey character models are hideous. At least with Far Cry 5 the characters looked passable, here they look like retarded mannequins and potentially worse than they did in Origins. This is like the Fallout games and how they don't change at all between 3, New Vegas and 4. The gameplay is good though. But the writing & Alexios delivery is cringy. 
This faggot worked for Maggie Hassan And Sheila Jackson Lee 
Every Fking Raghead And Muslim Needs Removed From Our Nation. 
No shit! The sewage the filth puts out is destroying minds! Jews are morally degenerate sewage! 
Go away you vile brainwashed retarded Jewified monkey brain piece of shit! Quit telling me fucking Jew Lies! We would not have a muslim problem if not for a filty Racist JewS! Jews are Retarded! Go take your Jewified brain and shove it up your Ass! 
Lol, this retard claims that Jews are the ones making attacks after they're literally gunned down. What a dumb faggot. White supremacy involves lots of penises entering buttholes. 
It's heartbreaking to see because the nigger is incapable of genuine affection and caring. As lust deminishes violence and hatred will increase. No pure White children for this lust filled famale. 
Well said she's a cunt 
That's kind of a faggot shirt collar, pal. Your boyfriend pick that out for you? 
#Q What have I learned today? Satanists are just pathetic weakling edgelord teenagers who argue like SJWs and have nothing of value to say. Mysteriousm14 is the perfect example of such a loser faggot. 
I mean seriously, you think believing in nothing and being less than nothing means you have more than one who has the truth on his side? How much of a faggot retard would you have to be in order to believe that. Someone needs to euthanize mysteriousm14. All Satanists need it for being mentally ill, retarded eternal teenagers. 
Nigger faggot 
Well you better open you eyes to the real world and get out of phantsy land Our white population is dropping lower and lower with every Muslim nigger and Hispanic birth Wake up and start seeing the world how it is and not how you want it to be 
I knew this potato nigger was going to be problematic. 
Now keep it going - condemn all those Islamically- Challenged assholes and their faux following of a religion they know bugger all about. As for the twitter twats, shooting the messenger - they're all insane, supporting of filth! 
Bollox. That was the norm everywhere at that time, the Japs did it in WW2. The "Koran" excuse is a bullshit excuse used by retarded fckwits to justify their actions. That was 1400 Years ago - it has No relevance today. A Book does NoT make Anyone do that shit, it's personal choice. Following the Koran literally is a sin in Islam! Not that many have actually read it! 
I want to push a wall on my asshole Nigger Faggot Loving neighbor! 
The guy has no life. He is a pathetic piece of shit. Let that little pedo faggot cry all day long. I 
Retard 666 means jew - I bet he really believes his jewish made meme. Lol 
Any Nigger who is also a Cuck should Commit Suicide 
Thats cuz u aint everrrr had that cunt sucked proper, ya cunt! 
Thief must be a part of the Antifa faggot patrol. Dig the pink back pack! Lol! 
This asshat faggot has a go fund me page! Why hasn't he been arrested? 
Ball dont lie faggots, choke on that D arron rodgers ya fuckin fudge packer, getting one of my twitters censored ya faggot ass nfl fags 
Lol, what! How is veganism cultural Marxism? Retard alert. Was Marx a vegan? 
Awww. Cute little nigger 
Again, I'm not shocked. This fat nigger could've shot a white guy in Orange County, and the courts there would only sentence her to "time served" and order her release. 
It’s the middle of the day you rambunctious nigger 
Not really. They need the Welfare state or otherwise it is nigger famine. 
Telling nigger jokes to dogs 
They weren't thinking optics were they? This looks awful. Screaming during the moment of silence for the synagogue shooting victims. Why would the left be so retarded to do this? Because they know they're going to lose. They're lashing out. 
Lol. Faggot 
I used to like watching "Madam Secretary" I'll never watch it again. Last night they went full on retard, full on left, full on femmie wank. They had the jew Albright, the nigger Powell and Hitlery giving advice. 
You actually watched that crap? Even for a goof? 
What a racist thing to say from a faggot no talent bitch 
Cunt 
The other day he said the antifa satanist faggot who kicked a white woman was on "our" side. 
It does work. It just sounds retarded because antifa came up with it. 
We knew as soon as the idiots voted faggot marriage into law all number of disgusting teachings would ensue and alas it has started with fkwit shorten appeasing the faggot brigade to secure votes! 
You are right so many people i have spoken to thought it was just a gauging mechanism to see if a Vote was viable, the putrid Government was hijacked by the faggot brigade, just like in the netherlands, ireland etc. 
No Spiders. Just Filthy Nigger Beasts and Shit-Skin Spics. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Complicit in these crimes against humanity are Obama, and his gay faggot advisers who pushed to legalize this depraved perversion. 
"Just can't figure this out" - I guess you haven't been watching Tv lately, or looking at ads. Whites are being bombarded by race-mixing and nigger supremacist propaganda. From biracial couples to White males playing with their mixed race shitlets, to niggers being portrayed as richer and more successful than Whites, to the glorification of niggers in pro sports, to Tv and movie franchises with White characters being replaced with nigger actors, or "Magic Niggers" included to "outsmart" White characters. It's everywhere, and unfortunately more and more Whites are falling for it. Take a guess (who) is responsible for this mass brainwashing. 
What's with the dumb fucking Boomers supporting Sinema in Az? The same dumb fucks that allowed her to be on the ballot are going full retard on her commercials. She's liberal trash. It's like watching the geriatrics playing the slots at the Indian casinos, keep pressing the button, something might happen. 
It isn't dumb fucking boomers that are voting for her, it is LibTards, idiot. You are blaming a whole generation and calling us all dumb fucks. Only an idiot would do that. 
Wow and you believe what you see in a LibTards ad? You are too far gone, buddy. 
Take him off the plane! And hang his faggot ass! 
Just saying nigger 
Let the attention seeking retard believe that she’s won something in the ghetto of the interwebs. Frankly, everyone is very aware she’s a lying backstabbing bitch and nobody cares anymore. I know I don’t. 
America Needs To Pay Attention To This Post. Fucking Mudslimes Coming Across The Border Will Do This In A Heartbeat Here 
Oh please do come! I have so many bacon dipped bullets just waiting for a muzzie to eat! Oh and all that target practicing I have been doing, time to put some of that knowledge to use! 
So the current theory is that somebody redpilled a retarded democrat and it went horribly awry? 
Not that it matters. I don't ever watch her or the nigger football. 
What a faggot 
I can feel only pity for one so pathetic as you. Sad retard muted 
Stupid isn’t synonymous with bitch. It would be better to state: Cunt bitch Pussy bitch 
And that’s why I’m the leader! Ce. She has retarded meth head robert following her. She has quite a few following her, as well as Many Girls. They will see no problem with playing at pol and not breeding if allowed to play and encouraged to not. 
Rotfl A moslem woman doesn't feel safe in the modern West and claims she fears being raped by a judge who doesn't even know she exists so she might go back to 7th Century Mohammadland where women have no rights, are stoned for being raped, and can be raped for any reason whatsoever. This only exists because the left controls the media. 
She can always return to her beloved homeland, I am sure she will be safe there unless they have a goat fucker bomb-a-thon. 
Since you need at least 4 eye witnesses to even claim rape in Muslim countries I am not surprised their rape rates are so low. 
Have you ever got a whiff of one of those things? They stink as bad as their so called men. Who in their right mind would rape an outhouse? 
We are talking Muslim men here. They fuck goats and camels for Allahssakes! 
You are right, muzzie men feel right at home around all of that zoo aroma, I stand corrected. 
I cannot fathom the level of stupid it requires to vote for a Democrat. The majority of voters trust libtards on healthcare. Didn't you idiots see what Obama did with healthcare? He said he'd cut your insurance costs & you'd keep your health plan & doctor. Reality? Obama tripled your costs & Millions lost their doctor & healthcare plan. How retarded must one be to trust them with socialist healthcare? Forrest Gump stupid? I think it requires a flatline on your brain activity scan. Ask the next idiot who supports government-run healthcare if they've Ever had an experience with government that was pleasant. Then ask the imbecile if they want to be treated at the doctor's office the same way they are treated at the Department of Licensing: Overpaid unionized socialist scumbags you can't fire will be treating you like turds because they know they can't be fired. 
Our children have been brainwashed with participation trophies to believe they are entitled to everything from free healthcare & education to respect. Millennial turds do not believe they have to earn Anything. It's time to start treating these entitled little school-shooting bastards with the respect they deserve & not the respect they demand. Socialist libtard ideology causes school shootings not guns. 
She even fuckin made a lawsuit against dough fuckin stanhope jesus you need to stay away from me cunt 
Da geht nicht mal der hinterletzte Nigger aus dem Kongo dran. 
Are fucking retarded for asking such a stupid question? Are your parents responsible for raising such a dumbass? 
Retard It'S Read Me Not Hear Me Tranny B 
The Cunt Card 
Squeaks the sheep. In case you hadn't noticed asshole, we Still have a 2nd amendment and that gives Me and Any and All Americans the Right to own those types of firearms legally and to Shoot those firearms when, where an dhow we legally shall. Fucking soft crybaby cocksucking cunts like You assume that to do so is illegal! (Gasp) "Trash like me"? What kind of trash would that be fuckboy? Someone who knows how to shoot or just someone who could learn how to? So what if the Feds are watching me! They have been watching me for 20 fucking years so it's not like I'm not used to it. Useless faggots like you who don't have the balls or courage to do anything in defense of yourself, your family our your country makes me sick! You should thank me for doing 12 so your faggot commie ass can sit easy in your fucking mommys basement you soft cunt! 
Faggot 
"There is still time left for 2018 to become "the year of nigger neo-nazi rabbi spree-killings. " - Luis Castillo 
L O L an already thoroughly debunked crackpot youtube video not to mention, you'd have to have the mentality of a retard to find this entertaining to begin with 
Boomer & older = Robert Mathews, David Lane, Tom Metzger, Dr. Pierce, Revilo Oliver, Ben Klassen, George Lincoln Rockwell, David Duke(christ-insanity infection but reached many. Gen X & younger = Alex Linder, Matt Hale, Dylann Roof, Anders Behring Breivik (nobody has topped his deeds. Retarded to hate based on age rather than rational reasons. 
The latest in Muzzie Control wipe out a whole herd with one hand just toss and watch them die in fear 
With your shit score of minus 3, you ought to be asking for Clues, you retard 
Kamala the nigger groveling before the Jews. 
You love the Woody, faggot Lol 
Nigger 
Tell that red faggot to hang himself. 
Theresa May was fucking useless cunt as Home Secretary and a traitorous cunt as Pm. 
All I ever said is I don’t like them, nothing more, nothing less. You made up everything else on your own. I’m not going to take them back tho, like I said, I have a non mudshark wife so I don’t need nigger lovers. Maybe that’s all you can get tho, Idk? 
Easily fixed. Shoot every nigger on sight. 
Nigger 
For a nonosecond in your head. Then he shoots you, rapes your wife, daughter and son, robs the place and leaves. And its because you are a fucking retard and failed at the most basic thing a man must do. 
Facebook and Twitter are Nigger Spic Honky Rat Bastards. Had to let that out after being censored. 
Her hijab is on waaaaaaay too tight. Muzzy cunt 
U have nigger blood, not me 
Nicely handled. Exposed a twat and forced him to back away from his comments by not being frightened of him. Well done. 
Lmao. Right? Can you imagine waking up every day to practice, changing your diet, spending hours in they gym, forgoing spending time with family & friends- just so you could be the best at some sport you love- only to have some faggot in makeup show up & whoop your as because Xer has more muscle mass than you do? I bet that has to fucking suck for the chicks who aren't insane. 
It is time we stop this ridiculous "Emperor's New Clothes" nonsense. The dude is a dude who had parts sewn on, stuffed in, cut off, and inverted. It's a fucking and it deserves no respect. 
7th century retarded savages 
I Am Fucking Disgusted With Lefturd AmERICA. How Fucking Low Can You Degenerates Stoop. Oh wait, let me take that back, y'all nasty people seem to take that as a challenge. The Regressive Retarded Lefturd losers are trying to incite Us to violence. Do Not Give In. Let them have their Bullshit Day. They have nothing else. They All are Complicit - communists and their mouth organ, the lyingstream media; so-fucking-called entertainers; and now the News is doing fantasy - well at least for now. Fuck All You Traitors. LOOKInG Forward To The Day When You Hang For What You Have Put We The People Through For So Long. TheRE Is A Special Place In Hell For You, and a Worse place in hell for those who KNOWInGLY elected you. 
A nigger just brutally sucker punched a young, white woman, and easily could have killed her, just because she's white. Almost no Msm coverage, and no mention of the attacker being black. Compare the coverage of that story, to this non-story. This is what media looks like when it's completely controlled by evil, hate filled Jews. 
What an utter twat and embarrassment he is 
Hate crime training to brainwash the police being done by a vile Racist Jew Pig? Despicalbe Jews are human sewage! 
You can't even stick to your own narrative. Won't point it out to you. You absolute fucking retard for a troll. Whoever pays you is just as retarded for thinking this is worth the money or effort. 
Dems are so retarded they can't see past their hood ornaments. 
This retarded woman spews Pipe Dreams. All Day, Every Day. 
Oh look, a Based Negro. Fuck off, with your nigger loving virtue signaling. Gtfo 
Oh look another Ignorant white monkey low Iq boy 
I can’t imagine a leftist nigger being elected in Florida. 
With all the commie Cubans and Mexicans there, it’s definitely possible. 
Trump is a good politician. But you know inside he thinks kanye is a Pos useful nigger 
Suck my balls faggot 
Useless retard muted 
Finally1recogniz. B/C this 4nigga from Africa which are killing W/Farmers to starve n/generation then crying back to White man"feed me"and muzzie an Mex haters not for bleeding heart liberal/dems perverts. W/Men should Never More fight and Die 4 another Race ever again. I Can See Clearly Now The Rain Is Gone, I Can See All Obsticles In My Way 
For 9 assaults. Bail = $1m. Nogs out of control. If were white. Rapper Kaalan Walker charged with 9 counts of felony sexual assault 
Anytime a nigger commits a violent crime against a White person, the sentence should be death. Even if it's just hitting a White. That's the only way these monkeys will learn. It's how slaves were punished. It was right then, and would be right now. 
If you have it just fucking release it now and lets lock the cunt up for fucks sake. 
Oh, so half of whites have been brainwashed to kill themselves and go extinct, so that means whites should all do nothing and go extinct? What the fuck sort of anti white, cunt logic is that? 
The b*ch does that because she know thta the uk is ruled by mental retarded people. 
Arizona Democrat Kyrsten Sinema Attacked ‘Bullshit’ Stay-At-Home Moms For ‘Leeching Off Their Husbands’ 'These women who act like staying at home, leeching off their husbands or boyfriends, and just cashing the checks is some sort of feminism because they're choosing to live that life. ' Man, this Cunt better not get elected. Arizona we know you have a Horrible track record with who you elect (McCain, Flake. But lets this time pick the right person. This dike does not speak for anyone on the right or even the center. Feminism is cancer and this bitch is a tumor. 
It occurred to me, instead of standing in direct opposition of this tidal wave, how if we got out and pushed. The part that grieves me the most is, the Republicans, who say they want to Conserve America, are the ones who let this sub human trash in for profit. The Dems do it bc they're emotional globohomos. But the repubs love "cheap labor. " 
"The left are supposed to look out" The 'left' couldn't care less about any of the things you listed. For them it's simply a surrogate activity to gain power. That's why they seamlessly take diametrically opposed positions, to the eternal befuddlement of the incredulous retarded right. 
Get away from me faggot or i will break your jaw. 
What else you got. The retarded thing from all this is you keep talking to a gay psychopath loser online. Just because you can't get out of the questions that i answered but you can't. So sad 
Big black boot was nothing but a nigger affirmative action ass kissing bureaucrat. Damn pentagon token nigger. 
That cunt has the mind of a insane person. Dems are full of this kind of ppl 
Another leftist cunt that does not understand that 'fascism' is about control, just like socialism or communism. And it is a Reaction To Marxism. 
Everything Is On The Line I TheY Make TheRE Top Law Enforcement Officer A LawLESS Muslim COMMUNIsT Nigger TheY Deserve Whatever Befalls TheM. RIsE Up And Save Yourself 
Bbc Always proteks kidfuckers just like Jimmy Sick Faggot Saville 
As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you! 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
If any harm to her you stupid demon worshiping pig, and maybe if you fucks weren't sand nigger terrorists, like Isis we wouldn't have to worry about White women getting hurt by you Bitch 
And yet you're still a pussy assed faggot who refuses to advocate or defend political violence out of some kind loyalty to the "principle" of "civility" or some sheeit lmao. You people talk so much shit about normie conservatives and their misplaced affinity towards "muh constitution" but your refusal to defend violence is just as misplaced. 
I am arguing with someone who thinks I should never use the block button just cuz I blocked some retard making gay jokes. Um, yeah I don't play by your libertarian rule book, and I don't put up with low brow, stupid humour or perverts. 
Muzzie stomped the potato nagger with the big mouth. 
Soros and the Rothschildes are really getting a ramming here so, I don't know what you are talking about? Lyne can't show her cunt face in public anymore. 
I Cannot Even Read This Excrement Any More. How convenient the cunt had a "reboot" of her memory, after Kavanaugh published he was at "beach week" during the time in question. Wouldn't it be ironic if what Kavanaugh published was carefully constructed Bs to honey-trap a few bees? I don't believe this any more than I believed anything else Porn dog lawyer puts out. 
You are being an annoying retard right now. Nazis arrested flamboyant gay men and labeled them with a pink triangle, they weren't gay wearing pink triangles, you moron. 
I have no intention of stealing the identity of a moron, I'm pointing out how retarded you are for posting it online. And you talk a big game about antifa, when all you have as a counterargument is Tos violating spam. You have nothing. 
Minority rights means the minority can oppress the majority. So you can see why Jews are so much in favor of them. 
Jews invented "minority rights" both for themselves and other nigger groups to harass us and wear us down. Everywhere the cucks bend like willow trees 
Stupid nigger chink lmao 
You can spam that all you like you still have gay porn saved onto your computer. How could you even try to call someone gay while having that? Lmfao 
So are you mad now jew? You cant actually win by calling me a faggot or a "nazi" so you spam me? I mean that's what all of your kind does. Other than raping children. 
Go on spam away. Lol You still have gay porn saved. It doesnt make me mad it just makes you a degenerate who probably has aids. 
So when are you going to admit you like dick? 
Maybe you just like baby dicks like your rabbis. 
So faggot you done spamming? Are you going back to jerk your little jew dick to porn? 
More juden Blood Until you Evil jews Raus! 
They will sacrifice a few of their own so they start the process of moving all the Retarded Racist Jew to IsraHELL! It actually is part of the plan! AskeNAZI Jews are Liars! 
It is really only the few at the top that matter. The vast majority of Retarded Jews who are no more than programmed monkey brains can be sacrificed for the elites good. Unfortunately the average Jew has the intelligence of a typical Gnat. 
Hey is this "meme" of the American Psycho for real? Shit man I could fart a better meme after blowing a bucket load of diarrhea at your face. Jesus Christ woman, I trusted you. Now you f'n talk what the fuck is his name? Patrick Bateman? Shit, the f'n guy was actually a jew 'n you go with his jew defined gentile meme? No explanation? Rethink it cunt 
And if you Don'T think we're all flawed and need to be redeemed, then please explain modern society. 
Well when you have a bunch of self hating, self loathing folk, who hate themselves and hate their race, they hate their culture and hate their ancestors, you end up with a degenerate self serving society. Being as christianity has been at the head of the west for Oohhh so long, yet here we are anyway, it doesn't seem christianity works as far as redemption goes 
Thanks Gary, I do not know what happened there. 
A link doesnt prove anything, post some evidence, or admit you have no evidence 
You dumb bastard, Read the fucking thing, all the appropriate citations are there. Or maybe you are just a nigger or jew troll. White men can read. 
Cite your quotations or fuck off, a link to an entire website is not a goddamn citation 
Go fuck yourself and suck a nigger cock you fucking cuck. 
Some other twat said this years ago. 
A superrior white woman mixing with e nigger or similar race is discusting, how can a woman sleep with such stinking inferrior creatures? And as for asiens and white latinos I got nothing against. But look at demographics. We are lowering our numbers and the white treasonous whores are making kids with the invaders or with others? Wtf? 
The Jewish Way 
Exactly those fucking jews introduced Marxism in the Usa and liberals bought that shit cuz they was to stupid to see why hitler wanted them dead. Now its ok to be anything but a white male 
Conversano is a complete retard and a pure product of zion fuck that guy seriously how the fuck a guy that look like an arab can speak about france? 
A few things here. Let's get real. This woman is from Africa. And. This is not meant as an affront. Do you think that all white women look like this And that they will date you merely because you are also white? Kinda vapid. 
I dont know what that means so i wont lie 
Conservatism is based on respect for the individual. One cannot claim to judge others based on skin color and call themselves conservative. 
Conservitism means throwing away all of your traditional white values for faggots and brown people. If it worked this country would still have the demographics of the fifties. 
This makes no sense. The Welfare State, born in 1965, was pure leftism. 
Are you really this dull? The left is an extremist ideology. If you do not counter it with another extreme ideology you will lose. This is why conservitism is no longer valuable. 
Oh. Down is the new Up. I see. 
Your going to lose and when you do you will bend to the will of those who rule you. I promise 
"You're". It is a contraction of the words, "you" and"are". "Your" is a possessive pronoun. Homophones are hard. They're harder when you're stupid. 
This is an attempt for a conservative to debate me. Notice the lack of an argument. Also notice the amount of beta male orbiters are following this thot. This is a problem in our society 
Homo-phones are made by Apple. 'Xir is mine! " is a possessive pronoun. Lincoln is the Capitol of Nebraska, unless yore stupid. 
And this retarded bitch has over 5k followers. 
This is why alot of parks get closed off. Retarded faggots wrecking everything. Who cares about a ciggarette butt or two 
All loli looks too real for me and thus I have determined it is all child porn. See I can use legal gray area too retards. This us why @a banned all loli - because you can debate all you want but in the end the service providers will assume its illegal and fuck Gab over. But ya'll are too retarded to get that. So here - "all anime looks photo real and thus its all child porn and thus all illegal meaning you post it you get banned. " Too simple? Well go fuck yourself you really belong 6ft under. Idgaf about your arguments. Your existence disgusts me. 
Another white woman. Never a nigger or a jew or a brownskin in any of these fucking stories. Jüdenpresse is working hard to demonize whites eh? 
What's funny is that Trump could fuck this up at any moment. Say something horribly offensive about a black congresswoman on twitter. Etc. That'll turn out the nigger vote to Roy Moore levels. 
Calm down? What does that mean? Was I out of line? Did I not perceive the post in such a way, as you would have me? I am laughing at all the dummies who think someone would do something so stupid, as to endanger himself and others by being unsafe on the job, because only a retard would do that if they were full bottles. Think about it. 
Jews just have a good programmer. They are fucking retarded! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
Care to wager that this piece of shit is related to, and/or under the protection of, Turd Boy's Somali "immigration and refugees" minister? Niggers are world experts at nepotism and corruption, Somalis in particular because they're also muzzrotten to the core. There's nothing worse than a nigger that's also a mudslime. 
It's remarkable to see that chilly is still alive, and not dead from an overdose of prescription drugs. The cunt 
If Ford's allegations came up against Merrick Garland, retarded liberals would be singing the exact opposite tune. Just goes to show how you behave when your only morals are based upon a foundation of political thinking and nothing else. 
Why be mad at her? She's just a retard with a low Iq. No. Rather I'm mad at Pro Lifers eho preach all lives are precious, illegal alien babies on welfare just as valuable as white working families 
Christine Blasey Ford. Looks like she was a marine, whose face caught on fire, and someone put it out with a shovel. I know I know, no personal attacks. But the bitch bull dyke deserved it! 
So all you little fuckers that want to blame boomers for your light in life hunt this nigger down and take your $$$ back. 
Ignoramous the boomers didn't steal the $$$$$! Get off your lazy fucking nigger ass and earn your way just we did. You entitled faggots want everything for free. Keep voting for liberal cunts. Your're all stupid. You deserve to fail. 
Amen for my redneck home boys, miss y'all a lot 
Splatter your brains faggot 
This low-T faggot is getting added to my Royal Shit List. 
Tucker had two segments tonight with filthy commie spokesholes. First, a lying nigger commie named Quentin James who says there is as much uncivil public violence coming from the right as from the left. Second, bald-headed meth-teeth commie Democrat anal-yst & Clinton aide Richard Goodstein lying about Kavanaugh. It is too hard to watch Tucker anymore. 
(Peter Sanders) His entire gab wall is nothing but anti-christian posts. We live in a post Christian society and these kikes still envy our God. You would think that if atheism were a path of rich fruit, there would be substance to share. Nope, he is entirely focused on Christianity. Pathetic! 
Christ was talking about someone who had dies, idiot. By your logic, we should not defend our faith, or root out devils in our own Christian forums. I am not lukewarm. And I could give a fuck about this faggot peter. I do this to edify fellow Christians. You don't like it, I don't give a shit. 
Next time you link to a retard propaganda site, offer some warning. Damn, just went there and now I can't get the funk off of me! 
Sucha Morbidly Obese Autistic Fucking Nigger Faggot 
The Chad Renaissance Baby vs the weak gay retarded vaccinated idiot "modern baby" 
I sincerely hope that everyone who’s still active on the twatter is letting that faggot Boot know that he’s a fake Pos 
Nigger - it's what You said you wanted. Btw you're "checkinng your list" on Gab. So the left isn't your enemy - the right is? Are you Antifa? 
The fact is you are a nigger as well as a faggot. 
Retarded boomers that never figured out what neocons are adore the streetshitter. Of course entirely due to the female and nonwhite aspects combined with all the pro pissrael shit. 
You are a coward. A white Pos nigger lover. Drop dead rat. Lol 
Called " nigger swarming " 
His work was featured in Nr occasionally. Until 2007, when faggot Horowitz shoahed him from Frontpage Mag for having the audacity to point out that nignogs tend to rape white girls an awful lot 
Where did you find the Racist askeNAZI Jew losers? I think it is well known that all askeNAZI JewS are Retarded Racist losers! 
And then a retarded black midget backflipped out of a helicopter and called Trump a poopoo head. 
I hope that that Pos Kenyan faggot has fun being raped at Gitmo later 
Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
Islam isn't the enemy, Shlomo. Muslims don't own Facebook. So Muslims are not pushing the homosexual agenda. Muslims don't own Youtube. So it is not the muslims pushing abortion. Muslims don't own Apple. So it is not them pushing spying on everything. You won't fix anything by chasing Muslims. Jews are the enemy. 
Told you guys. The Jew haters love Islam. Just like the other socialists on Twitter. It isn't Jews raping their way across Europe is it. It isn't Jews bombing, shooting, knifing and lorrying people across Europe. It isn't Jews beheading people in the Middle East. Jews get on fine with everyone. Islam gets on with no-one. Even itself. 
Well no, it's not a conspiracy. Historically speaking Hitler loved the muzzies, because they hated dajoos, so thinking hard righters, would align with Islam, just like hard-lefters, isn't really all that hard of a stretch. Peace. The extremes meet, auroboros, full circle 
Ummm, America aids terrorists. 
Evidently Israel is a terrorist State Delly lol 
Israel openly admit to aiding, arming, training & giving air cover to Isis, Al Qaeda, giving them safe passage from Syria, to Israel then out to Turkey with new passports, where they then disperse throughout Europe where they either wait to strike, or forget they jihadi ways & fully integrate 
Well the Mossad guy didn't even mention most of that. He just said they treat wounded Syrian rebels and Al Quaeda humanely because they haven't attacked Israel. On all other issues they support the Us against Al Quaeda. Said they won't look after Hezbollah terrorists due to their past actions against Israel. No mention of sending terrorists into Europe. 
You know how many times they attacked al-nusra and others islamist rebels at the border between israel and syria? Zero you know why the druz shot an israeli ambulance? Ask yourself dumbo jesus fucking christ how retarded are you 
Nigger politicians can't spell "truth" much less allow it to escape from their boot lips. 
She's a dyke that just uses men for money. Just another hollyweird freak 
She married some old ugly guy, a producer to keep her career going. A sperm donor & money maker, then goes off with the girls on the side. You will find a lot of dykes do that. Call them bisexuals if you want, but dick is only a means to an end to them. 
12 dead F-22 stealth fighters at Tyndall, as they could not be flown out of the way of a storm, as they had been cannibalized for parts? Oh, and a lot of other retarded broken shit that can't win wars against goat fuckers? 
This Is Retarded 
- "This based faggot understood the importance of women never speaking to men unless spoken to- [but] the perfidious nature of the kikes was never reported". 
Looks Like A Closet Faggot To Me? Personal opinion 
I guess I could play Grand Theft Auto and shoot niggers but i feel like ive shot evry type of nigger they have at least 5 times they need to release an expansion pack with new niggers 
A nigger LARPing as a Muslim in Chicago has more balls on him than 99% of the American "right". 
Tell Torba to stop being a faggot by banning lolicon which is perfectly legal in the United States 
If you are 40 or over and didn't call people fags in middle school, you are a liar. It's just conservatives that have to pay for it now. 
Hell, I'm over sixty and back when I was in what is now called "middle school, " I'd never even Heard of queers! Ok, Ok, it was a small town. 
When I was in School there was no Middle School. Cigarettes were called faggots or fags, feeling happy and gay was a good thing, Perverts and Queers were called perverts and queers. It was a simple time. 
Cigarettes were called fags. A faggot was a stick of firewood. And yes, there was no such thing as "middle school. " It was called "Junior High. " 
He Should Have Taken That Little Faggot And Broken Him In Half. 
Israels illegal nukes are a nuclear state terrorist threat. I believe Iran has them (x-55 Iran Ukraine) and that's why the Zionazi entity has not attacked Iran. 
Lol. I am divorced. I didnt become a whiny faggot as a result. 
. Tbh being an uncaring, uninterested heartless twat sounds kinda fun. If somebody is trapped in a burning building i'll only give a shit about it by laughing my ass off at them. Otherwise ain't worth my precious wasted time. 
We are thinking about it, but Catholicism isn't a democracy. So when the Vatican decides to abandon Catholicism in favor of Protestantism, there is not a whole lot we can do about it. But when a pagan says something thats retarded on the internet its really easy to let them know why they are retarded. 
Haha you're the one lashing out like a bitch with your butthurt 300 word posts. Whats most funny is that you are a "nazi" but you sound like a ghetto nigga. "look at ma grillz" "look at ma hoes". And you are a half nigger if remember correctly. Greek, smh. 
This little faggot takes it up the ass 
If you are that retarded you need to be in jail 
A kike dyke 
Whadyaknow, a cocksucking Nutzi. Go away. 
Egypt, religion of peace. 
Kill every Kike you see. 
We're German. We especially can't stand Kikes. 
You sound like a Jew in disguise 
Show me on this Gif where the ovens hurt you? 
I Love ovens! And horror movies that terrify kikes. 
Maybe you should stick your head in one and do the world a favour and gas yourself Wilfred 
Such a Cunt you are my little facist 
Shit they threatened Kavanaugh’s wife and daughters with death threatsWhy can’t we threaten them also. One cunt cut off Trump’S head. Snoopie puppy shot Trump. 
What a bunch of misguided and educationally retarded children! "Open Borders" means that everyone in mexico & south america can come on up and slurp at the welfare trough. If mexico is go great, maybe we should use mexico's immigration system (look it up! 
Nigger facts and staying alive. * 
Good advice. I've noticed the same. Negroes seem to be well-behaved in predominately white environments, but revert back to apes in groups. 
Just niggaz doing nig nog things. 
That is an extremely useful list of do's and don'ts when forced to be around niggers. Interestingly, it was written by Bill Cosby. 
Tell your kids explicitly never trust or help any dark raced people. 
Someone finally noticed Brock Is A Tax Evading Cunt Hole Of A Faggot? 
The good Kennedys got whacked, while the retarded Kennedys live to ruin this country. 
'Horseface' Trends on Twitter for First Time Following Trump's Tweet Stormy Cavern Cunt 
Wrong Mary! Not every woman is a dyke man hating idiot! Only brain damaged feminazis think like you! 
Ha Ha Trump says he dreams about [which idiots will run] Thinks about them in his sleep [about what a shit show it will be and how he will gleefully mop the floor / expose the shit out of them / make them look like the retarded reptiles they are] at his rally today. [I am paraphrasing or something] These two would be magical. 
This British cunt Ian morn to be trusted no matter how it appears 
His wife isn’t gonna have to leave him hes a nigger rapper so before too long another nigger rapper will shoot him somewhere that’s how that always works itself out 
Why should we even care whether Cuck Kasich is happy about this? He had zero say in the matter. 
Bigger faggot than Jeff Flake even. 
TrumpsnSTILL owes a million $ But we all know he’s a fat stupid lying cunt who Never pays up. He has zero integrity 
Dr Christine Blasey fraud your a cunt and nothing but a cunt. 
Omfg kill yourself. Why dont you suck her dick if you are so worried about it. Your country is falling to pieces and you are worried about if a woman has a dick. Seriously you retard do you not even hear yourself? 
Can't wait for some big faggot Buck Nigga to start punching the shit out of female boxers, the worlds gone fucking mad since cast ya semen ya! Piece of shit wimp not gonna win a raffle never mind play with the girlies they are easy to beat if you're really a Man! 
Filthy commie cunt. Even the Watergate jew lawyer fired her ass for being a lying crook. She, Feinschtein, Pelosi, Warren, Waters, ad nauseam ought to be made prison whores for Gayds-infected nigger cons. 
I think they only have Muslims at Gitmo. 
Sand niggers will do. 
Dumbass twat 
Kill every goat fucking sand nigger in your country and you wont have that problem (dont worry. We here in the Us need to do the same thing. Man woman child and their pet goat 
Go Rape Another Camel & GoAT You Bunch Of Dumb Assed Idiots Go Read YouR You Brown & Black FAGGoT Scuzzies No White Faces Allowed Hahaha You Are All Ugly Just Ask And The Pigpiss Be Upon TheM And You 
Muhammad was a goat fucking pedophile. 
She's retarded don't be mean to her. 
Shitty nigger music ruins the whole video. How many times is this guy going to say "fuck", "shit" and "mother fucker"? He is worst than a ghetto nigger! 
This fuckin cunt with the big nose gesuz there are two of em one is a pig and the other is an fbi director pigs kid 
Fuck the Saudis. These goathumpers only have "Saudi" Arabia because of the stupid faggot brits and WW1 compounded by the stupid faggot brits and WW2. 
He is a faggot 
They are mixed with a bunch of shit and the egyptians were not white they were part nigger Nubian 
Lying cunt got caught. 
Asian women are quite disloyal to their men. My theory (which I have explained in a few posts) is that in evolutionarily domesticated societies and race like Whites and Asians, the women still aren't fully tamed and will jump on interloper alpha cock given the chance. 
Perhaps my experience with negresses is espeically poor, but I'm fairly confident that every negress would remain loyal to a white husband at all costs likewise, an arab or persian woman will do everything she can to keep that white husband normal white & asian women don't quit a marriage for black dick they're hunting for richer dick, not darker dick 
It's less about race than about perceived masculinity. Women crave "wild" men, but only to a point. This is why Asian women will go "wild" with a White man, but a nigger is a bridge too far. Asian men are very well-off in America, so the betrayal by their women has little to do with hunting for richer dick. 
McCaskill is A Liberal Sjw Cunt Bitch! 
Fuck that goddamn Nigger piece of fucking Shit! 
Is this another faggot that's going to hide when the niggers are rioting? 
Hate crime training to brainwash the police being done by a vile Racist Jew Pig? Despicalbe Jews are human sewage! 
Then what about all the other problem people who aren't Jews? Again, my mind isn't inverted. You are a retarded shill. 
My muslim pal asked me what it was like to be drunk, "Oh, you just make a cunt of yourself, talk shit and want to fight the world. " I told him. "So, it's just like Islam then? " He replied. 
I think I'm going to beat this cunt down just for fun, and film it and youtube it and monetize it. And live off the proceeds. Nothing more humiliating for a man than to be beat down by a tranny 
I found him, the biggest faggot on the internet: 
Wow guys with dicks in their mouths and aids are less gay 
Way back in the before times, InstaPundit would link to me. Then one day a twink like this told them I was a white supreeemist. Not another link. 
Wiki. The unintelligent cucks of the world. 
They do this "tone policing" because it works. Ace gets one whiff of that comment and he would never mention AmRen again. For all his ranting about the cucks at Nr and Weak Standard he has the same problem of a fierce desire to be accepted by his enemies. 
Time to revive the nigger hunt. 
Deathwish is a faggot 
Do you have a picture which shows all the countries which used swastikas in the past? I'm trying to search for it, show to some cunt who refuses to believe so. Thanks. 
This retard in the now viral video is a perfect example of someone whose brain is completely fried by social media addiction. The Npc machine-man might look goofy and harmless, but they are programmed to commit indiscriminate violence when politically prompted by the oligarchs. 
You have to love the morons who thinks he can turn White Christian America into dumbass sheet wearing cross burning card carrying members of the Party. Hey Cletus, your take over over the has failed. Crawl back to your rock. 
Me too. I was on the original Birther Committee to have Illegal Unvetted Faggot Muslim Fraud O'Vomit & his manwife Micheal Vaughn Robinson arrested, but no one would help us. Everyone blocked us including 5 star Generals & the Sgt at Arms in Dc who has the complete power to have stopped him. 
New operation Wetback for those illegal invaders that are already here, all thirty million of them. 
Faggot 
America has been sold out to (Israel), most Americans are too stupid to realize this, there is no such thing as an American Patriot and there will be no help for America, it's over, it's been over, I wouldn't fight for this piece of shit country or it's retarded people. Have fun getting murdered by Federal or Un forces. 
Detroit is one of the best example how a nigger infestation is worse than getting nuked 
Totally agree. It's all trash. If dems win a majority, there will be some Super retarded reasoning essentially saying: We can't tell the truth and prosecute murderous pedophiles (even though we "have it all") because blues control congress. Total garbage. 
If you want you're kid to be a mixed race dummy, marry a low Iq nigger 
Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
Hey, fucking retarded liberals, Trump Is Still Your President. Lol! 
A retard that needs castrating 
Rt your cunt 
Thinking. Plural. Thinking I'm better than you makes you truthful. Must of just started. Because you aint got a rich husband. Lies. Fabulous job still not explained. Lies makes you a lazy cunt 
And you obviously don't care a single fuck about what he stood for. You're a decisive little faggot. 
Look i linked the greatest story never told! Now I am infallible! Get bent you fucking faggot. Have fun dealing with the soul crushing reality of what a cuck you are when your retarded religion ushers in the Jewish Messiah. 
Also known as faggot book 
I am not dying on Nigger Hill. Fuck that. The Gop get No support from Colored Diversity of Any Kind. It is 90+% White Party. Goon Assholes. 
Forcing Democracy on nations is giving them back to the people. What a retarded George Bush thing to say. 
It's ok that you npc's dislike my comment. But you are attacking the symptom of having been conquered by your Jewish overlords instead of removing the disease. Then you attack me as if I don't have your best interest in mind. It's astonishing to say the least. 
Holy fuck you are a retard 
And then even after Conor has taken a mauling you still got Conor’s team mate screaming abuse at Khabib. I tell you what, when he went out of the cage to get that other cunt I wanted to scream you go, lad 
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you a goat fucking, inbred retarded savage. 
I truly believe these idiots are Twatter employee's set to sow discord just like the tranny porn person. 
Wait till cunt ginsburg croaks 
He is promoting a dependency/pre-requisite of antisemitism for someone to see that soros is a election manipulating cunt who funds leftist violence. What is (nathaniel's) deal? 
Is he the faggy looking part nigger senator (mulatto? They say we use the term nigger to feel superior. Let's try it. Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Wow it works! I feel better already. When I was a kid nigger was defined as a term to express contempt for negroids. Sounds good. Despise the despicable beasts. 
This Scum knows Dem's are the most retarded sec of any nation and will vote in all Muzhood by default. 
Why the Fuck is that nigger faggot commie Still hanging about, like some freaky, black mold? 
Because Anglo-Murican cowards are scared to openly callout his Mossad/kushi allegiance. He's a loxism tool. N-O-ggers are softies. 
And he's not responsible for what he's doing Cause his mother made him what he is And it's up against the wall Redneck Mother Mother, who has raised her son so well Drives a fifty-seven Gmc pickup truck He's got a gun rack"Goat ropers need love, too" sticker. 
The fact that you think it's ok for women to be sluts in general makes you retarded and this poll is still stupid. 
Nigger you're known as the crying nazi and you're trying to puff your chest out at me because I'm intelligent enough to see more than 1 move ahead? You've even stated not to reveal your identity unless necessary and now you're walking it back because I touched a nerve? You gonna cry again? 
How original, a parrot from the sycophant squad. Yes let me tell you everything I am doing because you hurt my ego by accusing me of being a bad actor. I'm calling out those with a platform that should use it responsibly. "Go support the Gop or else bad things will happen! " is retard level shit just like Cville. What have You done? 
Cat-calling is a nigger thing. Whites don't often cat-call. White and (often Asian, too) women cannot walk the streets of a Black city without getting attention or even followed. But, media likes to pretend it's White jocks doing all the cat-calling. 
Got a new for all you good folks out there in the Gabosphere: Hilton. Com, and by extension, Hotels. The Hilton family is crazy enough to merit staying away from that chain of lodges, but a recent commercial once again shows the nigger buck, compliant white whore, -and- two mutts. Nope. I'm not going to go there anymore. Screw 
Retarded 
Fuck off Ryan you shit faced cunt 
And the planet is actively being turned into a giant gulag retard 
Good. Now find a way to arrest the Portland Mayor on a Friday night, during a major national holiday and have him shipped to a jail in Northern Alaska after hearing about threats made against his life and for his own safety. Feed him seal blubber and fries for six weeks and then have a little chat about not being a cunt in future. 
MAGAtards suffering negro salvation complex? White people don't look to motherfucking niggers for answers to their problems. More evidence this country no longer thinks correctly. When I want nigger help I will make an offering of a bucket of fried chicken, watermelon and moon pies. So the ship has sailed on that shit because that's Never going to happen. 
You and cuckwell are the no brainers here. The r party in no way, shape or form represents white interests. They are even worse, they create the illusion of white political franchise in the minds of morons like you two, as we're getting swamped with nigger garbage. Your moronic strategy only leads to the pigs and the military being majority shitskins. 
True. I'd call you a Jewish cunt instead. When are you moving to Israel? 
Staged fuckery! A retard can see through this soro's stunt! 
How is this different than Facebook or Twitter? I remember a recent Facebook livestream of a retarded white guy being tortured by black guys. 
Nope. If Gab was a platform to support free speech they wouldn't have censored and banned numerous members of the community for no reason. @a banned my account because Laura Loomer was offended by it - not because it broke any rules. Gab is a platform designed to scam people like you (retards) into paying for pro accounts. 
Showing how some media idiots are really nothing more than brain-dead robots and all retard Leftists/shills that march to the tune of Soros. It's an inspired meme 
The overwhelming majority of sub-Sub Saharan blacks are intellecyually infetirior to Asians and whites. Research the demographics. I did, long ago. A few years in Africa only has confirmed my research and nothing can change it. 
It took me ten minutes to post that because some nigger lovers, likely Fbi, are hacking me and constantly rewriting my context as I write. Bute most of us have long realized that Fbi are psycho stone killers and American traitors? 
A flaming faggot And defender of the Jewish cult. Color me shocked. 
Lol, dozy cunt 
Hey look its a faggot trying to get us to vote for womens 
Serbs and Greeks are White, and there is nothing any creepy nordicist can do about it. Our genetics is White, our culture is White. Deal with it, or not. Your problem, not ours. We are White and we shall remain White, and with the pace North and West of Europe is swarmed by niggers and moslems, we might as well be the only Europe remaining in not so distant future 
"North and West of Europe is swarmed by niggers and moslems" Of course, a chetnik wouldn't be a chetnik without a completely undeserved sense of superiority. Serbia is chock full of gypsies. Good on them for burning the American embassy, but come on. It's a filthy little crime state which melds the worst sides of western consumerism and bleak eastern decay. 
You can enjoy having white women win beauty contests while you can. Just like you could enjoy Serbs beating the living shit out of faggots when they tried to have their degeneracy parades. Today, Belgrade is the faggot capital of the balkans. Keep living in the past. 
Istthis cunt ever gonna die? I thought she already was. 
Fucking halfwit there’s no such thing as a pro sexualisation March. 
What a fcukin retard you are. 
Ok where are all my people at? Follow Me! Got tired of being zucced so I'm here. I'm sorry but i just have to do this out of Facebook suppression. Liberals Are Tranny Faggot Bitch Ass Nigga Dyke Pig Fucking Muslim Hooknose Wetbacks! Ahhhh felt so good. 
Forgive my language, but fuck that faggot and his butthurt feelings. 
Truly glorious murders: George Zimmerman shooting up Trayvon - the biased media coverage radicalized a lot of white people. Yeah he is non-white too but results are results. Darren Wilson & Michael Brown - again, nigger riots radicalized whites, showed them how evil our enemies are. These were thugs who should have been euthanized. Not kids, nor old women. 
There's supposedly 20 million borderline retarded people working for this indefensible Zog government a good deal of them are Ron Swanson caricatures people who hate the very bureaucracy they work for and we seriously can't get anyone anyone to anonymously post about lax security and laughably ineffective procedures that might help us all out? 
Faggot 
Corey Booker faggot raped me. 
Why are these jihadi jane ingrates even in america in the first place? 
Completely and utterly wrong, faggot 
Are you high or just retarded rn 
Now that is a full blown nigger lover. 
I could write you a program that will call you a nigger a million times. I can even make the computer talk. 
Is there a dumber nigger in office than Trump? Example: Wh press leaks. Trump complains about it as if it's an evil conspiracy. A lot of the "anonymous" sources in the Nyt or WaPo have turned out to be true (e. G. Bannon being fired, not quitting. And yet Trump hired virtually all the people who do the leaking. Bannon himself leaked publicly. It's all his fault. 
This faggot is slowly transforming himself in a real man. Mc Cains dead was the end of a bad spell. And the gay frog then turned itself into a trumpy thug Senator. He is even enjoying the liberal tears! His Power level is rising to the skies! 
If the Us was a country of laws then Crooked Cunt would have been publicly executed on live Tv years ago. 
That meme is retarded that black guy is wearing a Malcom X shirt. Malcom x was a black nationalist. 
"John James is ahead because he is a good man with the best intentions for us Michiganders. " Commit suicide you brain dead nigger lover. 
Lolol! "Waa Waa Waa. The muzzy is hurting us! " Get Some Spine Brits! 
Price to pay for electing a Muzzie Paki for your Mayor. Now, you know what to do, next! 
Most Hated Twat 
Gab Nazi: "Jews control the world" Me: Actually Jews only represent 0. 2% of the world's population and besides. Muslims make up 24% of the population. Do Jews control them too? Gab Nazi: ". Kike! " 
Islam Talmud for the Goyim. Just another Jewish construct like the Holohoax. You Cunt 
Stupid Faggot Dicks Are For Chicks! 
The only reason Rosie O’Donnel is going after Potus the way she is, is because reality has caught up with her. She is a fat, abrasive, unattractive dyke wamelo whose existence serves no purpose. 
Zuckercunt is a thought police nazi cunt who should fuck off and die. 
Fuck this retarded whore 
One Commie Pinko Faggot down voted this! 
Is little cunt and a modern day house slave. The only thing he's missing is a giant white leftist fist up his ass. Sincerely, 
Disgusting Nyt hired this racist, ignorant bitch. She is going to be Served a Large Dose of from God! #WWG1WGA#Trump2020 #GabFam 
But this little slope cunt loves white cock. Go figure 
Jew and nigger hate is rising all the timemaybe we can use the law to get your ip address, you never know 
Miss Piggy goes o the Market! Jew Cunt! 
Fuck that pampered little faggot bitch 
Annnnnnd Megyn Kelly goes full retard here! 
Again, Tay did more to help "your supposed bs cause" than that nigger is going to. 
More cred for the stupid nigger 
To all the trolls maybe you should read my website to learn a thing or two Satanist pagan heathens are worse than niggers 
Agios o Satanas, faggot 
Cunt 
Ben is a pussy. Don’t be like Ben. 
's best song. Look at what a happy, organic, jew-free society looks like. I have visited with old people who lived under the Reich starting in the 1990s. Even if they have been brain-washed into self hatred since, they all admitted that the time of the Reich was the happiest, healthiest time in their lives, and some were moved to tears when telling of the times they got to see Hitler, the man who, for close to a generation, freed a people from the tyranny and demoralizing rule of the jew. Never forget, we fight for the human dignity of our women, our children, and the legacy of our ancestors, who, for a time, could rise in the morning and lay down to bed at night, having breathed every breath of their day as free men. Live free or die, come to respect the man who Gandhi deemed one of the most just men in history There are many paths to restoring health, and one of the best ones is to see through jewish historical revisionism, and accept Hitler into your heart as a liberator of man and a champion of human dignity. 
Great video but why the fucking nigger rap music? Fuck that nigger shit 
It is nigger music. Only a kike would try and infect the movement with this nigger music shit. So fuck off kike and go gas yourself. 
Religious faggot 
I have tried to be open minded towards them, however they do seem to be a hard headed lot. Now we have our young Commie millennials roving around in here testing us and trying to trip us up so they can report back to their green haired Dyke America hating 5th grade level college professors and $150, 000. 00 per year Diversity officers. In addition to that we now have Feds moving around in addition to the usual so called "Deep State" agent provocateurs. What the fuck I say, who's running the show. Just watch yourself and mind your step. 
Bye, bish! 
That ol horsefaced cunt should Not have had a security clearance to begin with. Ever! 
Either mentally retarded or viciously evil. 
The Royal Nigger Baby Is Coming. I hope its as dark as asphalt. 
This looks different from every angle. Is it a baby, a monkey, or a doll? 
The white race is the most diverse on the planet, we have different color eyes and hair compared to the nigger and all the other races. The Jews want to breed out our diverse looks. 
What Do Expect From The Pos De Blasio. He Flew To Europe To Protest, While A Nypd Female Officer Was Being Buried. Fuck Him And All His Friends ToO! No Respect At All. Faggot 
And because the retarded so-called libertarian Never Trump party opposed Every Single republican candidate in Texas thus dilutiing votes for Cruz. I was a supporter of libertarians Until I saw this on the ballot. They are libtards and aligned with demoncrats. Done! 
Still being a stupid cunt I see. 
Witches' fingers with nigger toes would be a good combo 
When a liberal fucking retard like this approaches you and plans to hurt you, don’t dial 9-1-1, dial. 357 
Raping us through technology? Holy shit! Retarded left. 
Why don't you go brush your teeth faggot I can smell the smeg on your breath over the internet. 
Is it some sort of retard club? 
A real study shows that your more than likely to be shot in any place where black population is more than 20 percent-why. Because ignorant society that thinks entitled to ignorant things and not get shot for it 
Everybody in America, even the niggers, are more likely to be shot by a nigger than a police officer 
This fat retarded bitch don’t even know what she is protesting about 
Oh no that guy liberalist gee called me a triggered faggot snowflake! Once again not a single counter to the idea that you are *not* liberal and *not* a woman. Mr. Gee you have no rhetorical skills, says me the triggered, gay, faggot snowflake. 
White supremacy equals being a retard and then shrieking in terror and hiding behind another group the instant someone responds. 
Mate. I also own 5 properties, a sports car and a healthy bank balance. Private medical insurance etc etc. I'm not forsaking my good life just so a bit of my taxes don't go to some lazy twats. Which will actually make me a lazy twat too. 
Black leftists hate black people that aren't leftists. If you aren't on their team, you're a legitimate target. If you Are on their team, you're a complete ass and barely worth the price of a bullet. That redneck motherfucker needs his tiny little baby maker kicked inside out. 
Well thats it tortured all over canada tortured in uk and for three years germans tortured me all fake redneck scottish politics who sold me now luxembourg dead on the street tomorrow been to the church everything terrorised from the moment i got here. I fought this for six years 
They had home economics in school when i went, and i chose the class because there was a hot girl in there that i liked. Now she is a senseless fat nasty libtard cow, and i am ever so greatful that i learned how to do those things for myself. I'll tell her you said Hi. I married the fuckin cunt 
Google software Faggot Fatboy advocated for censorship of Tn Republican senate candidate Marsha Blackburn, calling her a "terrorist" or "thug" for. Libtard reasons. 
For me nothing is more dangerous than those zombie magapedes. Because they support every retarded move trump can think about without thinking if there was a back gay jewish tranny nominated they might at least express something. Because right now it's all about 'trusting the plan' 
No great loss. Fucking nigger lover. 
It would be good if they would all just drop dead & stop the half breed factories. Im so sick of this crap. 
I'm sick of those race traitor whores. 
If every nigger in the hood suddenly voted Republican, would the hood suddenly be a great place to picnic with the family? I find it amazing how easily people lose perspective. 
"If every nigger in the hood suddenly voted Republican. " Democrats would justifiably want voter Id laws 
Remind me of where the Germans are now. Working overtime to feed half of Europe and if they speak out against it, their skulls get cracked by state-funded Antifaschistische Aktion that makes American Antifa look like a 5y/o retard with a firecracker. I know it, by the way. They pay for my trains. 
Faggot and a nigger. 
Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
All Jews are human sewage obviously! They are the complete pieces of sewage! All are just programmed robots who cannot think. Jews offer no culture and are parasitical cancer. But these are Facts and Jews are too retarded to understand Facts! 
Lol this coming from the little faggot that has to use someone else pic for his Avi hehhehe Lol you little fucking munchkin 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Operation Wetback is all I want for Christmas! 
My dad was a Border Patrolman during Eisenhower's Operation Wetback. He got a letter of commendation. The High Wages that Americas enjoyed in the 50's were the result of this Operation. 
Get the wall built and let me run operation wetback and life would get good fast. 
Got An Idea If All The Stinking HONDURAnS Are Here Why Don T We Go AnD Take Over The Entire Country That Is Now Empty We CAn Make It A Huge Penal Colony. 
Your right send this faggot back to Kenya 
The only good faggot is a dead faggot. The Lbgt community can drop dead today. Please. Friggin perverts. 
Oh, and who signal boosts the retarded meme that 'Gab racists are Dem trolls', why none other than Andrew Torba himself! This after not only inviting noted Twitter hater John Rivers and verifying his fake name, but making said hater a Gab beta tester! 
I have just declared that filthy joke of a Hawaiian Senator Mazie "Øh nø! " Hirønø to be the 2nd-most feckless cunt born in Hawaii, right behind the most feckless cunt, øbama. 
So the fun new conspiracy theory making the rounds is that both President's Bush & Obama knew where Obl was all along - hiding in Iran - and said nothing while we lost soldiers looking for him in Afghansistan. People are fucking retarded. 
People are fucking retarded to think that 15 Saudis hijacked planes and flew them into buildings and we attacked Afghanistan! Not Saudi! Ghwb, Gwb, are Globalist Bullshit Artists. We got bombed by Japan at Pearl Harbor, and then we bombed Japan! 
Oh hell yeah. A nigger will shoot you for anything. In a heartbeat they'll shoot you. They are savages. 
Who knows what this massive dyke wants! 
And give that faggot jack more eyeballs? No way 
"Atheists only exist if God does". That's the most retarded statement I've seen in a while. "Science has studied", yeah and those scientists were most likely theists because they get their dirty little paws into everything 
This evil cunt needs to hang in public. Not be allowed to fade into oblivion upon her military tribunal and subsequent conviction for treason, crimes against humanity, child sacrificing, satanic evil deeds! We Must Demand These Evil Creatures Be Hanged In Public For All To See What Happens When You BeTRAY "The People" 
So you post a link to Engels, I give you a quote that he said, and now your response is to post nigger porn? You are absolutely deranged. Kikes are really messed up. Great rebuttal. 
Prays those prayers in the name of Jesus? Wow. The stupid is astounding. The dumb fuck doesn't know that jews consider Jesus resides in a vat of boiling piss and shit in the bowels of Hell. In a way I'm glad Gab is going down. It's dumb fuckers like this that need their voices shut down by the kikes. I'd like to think that this turd would put two and two together and realize why but I know better. This is the same type of stupid that runs into muzzie bullets to save Isntreal. 
Really! Instead of ninja turtles they’re going to dress up as dildos? What a bunch of retarded idiots! Lock them up! 
Reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
Yet idolatry continues in. The Wooden idol on the right is from the. Is the evildoer, the belligerent, the attacker, and the destroyer of our native cultural heritage. Therefore we have Zero tolerance for in any of its forms. 
It's called and if you have zero tolerance for it, you have zero tolerance for civilized society or rule of law thus no tolerance for Western civilization. 
Is all about unity: Unity in. Is all about the global brotherhood of man, irrespective of race or species (yes, the is a different species according to, as well as modern. Source Of Image: 
Seems to be doing a fucking good job at keeping the & hordes at bayrolleyes: Without charitability and a false ) idea of a brotherhood of man (with wrongly categorized as human) all of us would live in our 100% White ethnostates with closed and heavily guarded borders. 
In order for Christendom to be saved, the purge of all evil must ensue, especially the worship of false idols. 
's problems are not our problems. Some of you have a silly "idol allergy"D But we will continue with our, as we have since the (which is how old the Wooden idol seen on the right is. Can Never die out, for it is in our Blood and! 
Paganism died centuries ago. A minority of morons are just too ignorant to understand why. 
You are not worthy of my time. Adieu! *muted* 
Lol Fags! 
We took this Druid Oak Tree and turned into Our tree. Pagans keep losing. 
Reeeeeee Cultural Appropriation 
Atleast one Pagan has muted me on account of this little gem. 
Here is a better one and damn mother fucking right 
An uncanny resemblance. 
He's a wop too, I would have figured that you two would have more in common. 
Budriss isn't Italian. He calls me a pasta nigger at least once a day. 
How is this possible? Convicted pedo felon & illegal wetback gets Probation for Dui? Jfc! 
Yeah, well, this wackjob obviously isn't hitting on all cylinders! So locking her up until she's at least out of menopause is the right thing for Sweden's gene pool! Weed the defective women and muzzie lovers Out of Sweden! 
The Niggers there are trying to commit White Genocide, And All The White People TheRE Need To Form Up As One Army And Take Out All The Nigger Scumbags. That'S The Only Way This Will End. 
No mate, it's typical of Jews & NPCs to accuse anyone revealing 'the man behind the curtain' of being a Muslim. Islam has no place in western society but Muslims are inbred retards not capable of coming up with globally coordinated schemes to take over the west, they are let in by Jews who have for centuries declared they intend to wipe out the white race. 
Because you're a fucking retarded faggot calling people islamonazis when we're trying to solve the same problem. 
I remember not liking this now Kanye is a Trump supporter and Swift has become a cunt supporting Demo rats my how things have change. 
Faggot Alert! 
@a, we see right through you. This is just you catering to moronic boomercucks like who won't move to Gab because every retarded thing he says will get Btfo. The truth fears no investigations. Just Ip ban porn spammer and the porn problem will be solved. And ban porn in general- it isn't free speech. 
Fuck cats. They are jews of the animal kingdom. Your cat is burning in hell. 
Well I'm not a nigger christard, so I'm not crucifying cats. But your insults all pretty much revolve around child rearing because that's all you're good for. 
You faggots are mad, lol. It's not my fault you're both pussies who whine and can't take criticism or even light bantz. 
You can't even talk to me directly, gotta quote those posts to show your superiority. You're a faggot of the highest order. Long side arcs and disposable characters, lol it only adapted the content of the books. Enjoy your garbage. 
Whoever downvoted this is a Nigger Faggot League loving illiterate soyboy cuck. 
Faggot 
Wow. Kanye is really trying to Red Pill the zombie sheeple 
Well, I try to remember his past and try to figure out if he is doing something similar to what he did before, and I figure that he could redpill a lot of people but the 13th shit was dumb as hell. Just paying that he wont fuck shit up and be retarded yet again like he did before. A few things also should happen so that we could change all this faster and faster 
Yes, our President needs our support over the establishment that; was selling us down the river as a nation. The cunt Hillary Clinton is a dike bitch, cackling like a fat old chickenshit. 
Nigger 
This Nazi cunt just shot up a synagoge in my home town. When shitlibs ask me why I carry, it’s because of fascist scum like this. 
Justin Trudeau is such a fucking retarded asshole that anytime he opens his mouth to speak, he creates another cringeworthy moment. He is a walking cringeworthy moment. Any Canadian that was stupid enough to vote for this moron should slap themselves across the face for being so stupid. 
I'm so mixed the mutt on my avatar is a pretty good assessment of my family genealogy. I've always lived as a hard working and partying country redneck white trash weirdo. Meh, it's a livin. ) 
Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote: Nazbowl siege man Silverdawn Proud Wasp Vanilla Nilla * A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
How fucking stupid can you "people" be? Who said they deserve respect. I said people in Gab who have that forced in their face don't all need to see it. But just go fuck off and annoy someone else, or find a retard who's on the same mental level as you to talk to. 
Pro: large white family Con: all retarded 
You hurt from the Muzzie beatings you get everyday from your Muzzie handler. 
Tell the wigger he can’t be intimidating while wearing a boy bun. Wanna bet single mother (turned mudshark? 
They do this all the time. Anytime these loonies wanna protest or make a statement, they take their clothes off. Look at their pride parades, their slut walks, Peta, etc. Why can't these idiots sit down and debate their points like grown adults? Instead they choose to strip down and run around like a bunch of retarded toddlers. It's baffling. 
Aww poor faggot I thought you put me on ignore? Lmfao 
What does this dumb cunt think about all of the black on black violence in Chicongo? Are those black-sanctioned killings? 
It's niggers, that is how they think. 
She’s a top shelf retard. Surprised she hasn’t been asked to run for office by the Dnc 
One less sand nigger to worry about. Honestly, I think we should do the same to journalists here. 
Uppity, cocksucking nigger I has the audacity to call a white president a racist! Sorry, not sorry! You don’t get to go all racist and not expect to be called out on your own racism, asshole! 
Thick twat spelt Trains wrong! 
Fuck those faggot house niggers Vote Red Wave 
That would be 8 you retarded bitch. Simple 
Booker needs to open his uneducated leftard mouth more often in order to convince the rest of us that he indeed is a retard as originally suspected 
Bragging about owning a retard like Hillary Clinton is like bragging about beating a quadriplegic at kickboxing. 
Well she was dating a nigger so no loss to society. In fact its a net gain, a coal burner is removed and a nigger is removed from society. Win / Win. I blame her parents for this, let me guess they are liberal freaks that worship niggers and think they are super. Bet they thought it was so awesome that their daughter was raised not to be racist. 
Tom, you're a buff looking dude, so why don't you go down to the border and intimidate those spic mongrels by flexing your biceps? 
Please use this: It saves me the time of looking at your profile to see if it's sarcasm or just the typical retard on the left. Thankfully sarcasm! 
Faggot! 
Code word for cunt is ( see you inn tee ) get it? 
This one got me booted off Fb for a week. I find it to be one of the most insanely ridiculous things I've ever seen. The retarded liberals who came up with this concept are living in another reality. Pathetic. 
White guilt is the stupidest concept ever. I can't believe that people this moronic actually exist. This is one of the absolute most retarded virtue signaling attempts I've ever seen. I'll never apologize for things I didn't do! 
I guess some retard thinks we dont have a problem with muslims just because we dont talk about them. We have enough faggots like you talking about them. Someone else needs to talk about the jews destroying the west. 
It's a faggot too hence the utter insanity at work. 
Dumb cunt gash eater 
Lmao Elizabeth Warren what a dumb twat 
What? Another innocent nigger thug being blamed? Lawdy Lawdy Lawdy mis claudy. 
The video doesn't show another nigger getting hot lead. Bummer 
As is abundantly obvious we have a big problem in America. The dumbing down of American’s has been immense given our current situation. The ability to make American’s believe the absurdities is beyond belief. America is full of Republican’s too stupid to understand Npc Democrats are retarded and pretty much mentally insane at this point. Certainly, it is not my white male privilege to have people be Racist and Sexist against me simply because I am a white male. If someone is too fucking stupid to realize this you are not even remotely conscious. Other people’s Jealousy of me is repulsive and extremely offensive especially of all the monkey brain Democrats. Any brainwashed retard who believes any of the puppet show of the vile Racist lying Zionist Jewish Supremacist main stream media or the morally degenerate scum of Hollywood lives in La La land. Quit watching the brainwashing on Tv. It is clear that George Orwell was not only prescient when he wrote 1984 about the inverted world we live in, he told us what was going to happen and it certainly did. The masses cannot think and that is why when I say the Truth it is so offensive to the brainwashed mind. I assure you, the blatantly vile Racism and Sexism directly towards myself by Zionist Jews and Democrats is what is offensive, not me. I just point it out. I merely have a functioning brain. Since everything is a complete Lie, such as the history we have been told, modern medicine, Gmo’s, Vaccines, and fluoride in the water, it is quite amazing how it all was foisted on the masses. The masses are no more than cattle to the satanic rulers of the world as all the lies come as a wolf but in a sheep’s clothing. What is good is viewed as bad and what is bad is good. There is a complete inversion of reality where people’s minds are controlled in a perpetual deception of ubiquitous delusions which keeps the masses minds locked into their own prison and they will scream at any person who tries to break the chains on their mind. While the voting for a Republican is completely suspect, voting for a blatantly Racist Sexist mindless Democrat is similar to sticking a knife into your heart and then trying to figure out who hurt you. The complete moral degeneracy with supporting the murdering eugenics of Planned Parenthood, Birth Control Feminists, and perpetual human sewage Lgbt is to be in line with society’s complete and utter devastation. The slavery Democratic Party is simply human sewage full of lifeless mindless souls determined to keep their head up their ass until their last breathe. The Truth is only offensive to those who live outside of it. You may either continue to believe all the mendacious lies and hate me for telling you the truth, or you can actually wake up to the reality that what you believe is a bunch of shit. That choice is yours. I cannot teach you anything, I can only try to make you think! Socrates 
For sure. This common core bullshit has destroyed critical thinking skills. Get all the kids out of school, we need to burn all the grabage history books with false information, and go back to all the basics. We need to teach everyone about what parasitical cancer all Jews are! Everyday all students should recite at the beginning of the day "Jews are human sewage" and have to repeat that at least 7 times per day. They would be programmed correctly then! 
Amen! 
I hope libtards don't make the mistake of thinking that we're all gonna just stand their and get yelled at by some cunt with broken English and not throw a right cross square in her mug. Gonna be in for a big surprise 
That cunt needs taking out 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
How'd it feel if a nigger fucked your white woman, Gabbers? 
Hahaha Some Faggot Is Saying Yuck! But Then Goes And Sticks A Cock In HIs Mouth. Lol 
It’s even worse when nigger lovers pretend like they’re right wing. They’re fucking stupid 
We were already digitally kettled over here for just that purpose I'd say. This place will be glow in the dark faggot spooked to fuck, observing, taking notes, running algos, cross referencing data etc. 
Nyc Proud Boys are being charged with rioting and assault because they defended themselves from Antifa. The video evidence is incontrovertible and the Nypd acknowledges this and is still charging them. We make fun of pantifa for being noodle-armed faggots who get their semen-clogged assess handed to them whenever a real fight starts. But the point isn't for them to win a street fight. It's to start the fight. That's it. Once you fight back, even if you "win", you will be arrested and charged. And even if they also get charged, those charges will be dropped, regardless of the evidence against them. Crazy, yeah? It strikes at the heart of our most basic notion of justice. But this is what happens when the legal system is thoroughly controlled by a certain tribe of cultural aliens: they work together with their tribesmen in extralegal terror groups to control their enemy: you. 
Are the faggot pantifa being charged? Time to mask up. Confuse them all 
Cory Booker Is A Fucking Retarded Scumbag! 
That commie twat - owned! 
Nasty lesbo. 
A real fucking piece of shit, that Dyke bitch should be arrested and prosecuted. 
Ah, no. We don't need more Negroes to represent us. In the end they always work for their people just as much as we need to work for our people. 
I can almost agree with you there, bro. I'd rather have a Nigger Republican than a Democrat Anything, and a Democrat Anything rather than a Jew. Coon or not, Mr. James is the best in the race. What does that say about Michigan Politics^( 
Imagine spending your whole life fighting globalism only to be called a globalist 70 years later by mentally retarded boomers who can't read "Jews, they are the only ones who are truly international for they can do their business anywhere. It is a small rootless international clique who set the people against each other and do not want them to know peace. " 
Filthy kike bastards 
Seriously, why is the American "right-wing" deepthroating the entire Gop roster, swallowing and begging for seconds like a bunch of cheerleader whores do their nigger team? 
You should fault them. Or at least be vocal about that retarded faggotry. 
Democrats have no intelligence to even understand a single Fact much less fractions! All Democrats are brainwashed retarded and only repeat what they have been told! Democrats are human sewage! 
Arrest that dyke for obstruction 
Why not just jump in front of a bus since life is so terrible u have to protest by paying some junky freak to give u hepatitis with a needle they used on a nigger an hour before 
Little Millennial cunt is a race traitor, looking to help erase her own history. 
If you wouldn't act like such a mean cunt all the time I wouldn't even know it was you. 
This lazy nigger has a six-hour-per-week show. Haha. He muted me. Now he wants to block me. 
Why alleged? Always alleged when we get attacked and always stated as fact when they lie about getting attacked. Deep State retard narratives 
No One Who Is NoT A Fucking Moron believes a Low Iq Faggot could have pulled the Fake Bomb thing off! Stinks of False Flag Deep State Bullshit! 
Post spanking porn, faggot 
Retarded delusional cunt 
Discrimination triggers morons that kill, you can't Discriminate for any without Discriminating against millions of others. Any discriminated against goes retard & commits an attrocity, continue your madness with more discrimination you're likely to trigger more you are equally responsible. Discrimination can never end Discrimination! 
Anyone who thinks Trump is on our side is retarded 
Search warrant? For what? Did a retard reporter want 35 year old farts collected and sniffed? 
Keep trying faggot LOLzy 
I seriously think you may be Too Dumb to stay. Or. You can actually Read The Post Instead Of Following Your Retarded Friends! 
He is a jew 
Modern jews have a some real jew still in them 
You do realize it's still all sand nigger shit Right 
Vote this lying cunt out 
Just. Retarded 
This cunt tried to join the Alp, remember? The commies didn't like him he wasn't read enough for their liking 
I make fools out of left wing Liberal morons constantly on Twitter mate. There aren't many of them here. Is one of them here. Thick as a bag of broken biscuits he is lol And NatSocs aren't right wingers. They really like socialist Corbyn. Told me as much. They are just honest socialists who don't hide their Jew hatred to try and get elected ) 
Here's the cultural Marxist again folks. On Twitter if you've come across the thick twat there ) 
Little faggot Chad is going right for the Kavanaugh impeachment phase 
That’s right freeloader. We invented it all. We made it work. Retarded assholes like you are parasites that feed off of our sewage. 
And some faggot said their was no leadership in Britain. Sounds great guys. 
Only your Democrat Slave-Masters can give y'all niggers the permission to speak. 
Cnn has opened the door to using the words Negro and Nigger again. Aren't they so respectful and caring of our black brothers and sisters! 
Illegal Faggot Muslim Usurper Communist Marxist Fraud Obama never saw Hawaii until the age of 3 yrs old. As a pre teen he prostituted himself for cocaine & others drugs. He was a miserable Pos in school from day one, having beeen raised by devout Communists all sides. Its all the Sob has ever known. He was born in Kenya. Execute The Bastard & Hurry Up 
Journalists need to start turning up dead with swastika business cards stapled to their foreheads. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
What a cunt you are! Listen bimbo You'Re Not The PReSIDENT, TheRe ARe OTheR Things To Accomplish Along With The Wall. You bash him over bringing home American Citizens that were basically held hostage by other countries? What a twat you are you scumbag, ya know who cares about the 17 ppl he and his administration has brought home? TheIR Families, The American People, The PReSIDENT, Vp Pence, And Again Most Importantly TheIR Families Or Do TheY Not Matter Because The Wall Isn'T DoNE Yet You Dingbat! 
That little Faggot was awe struck that his superman sucker punch was stopped so suddenly! He is so lucky that big man was of Christian faith and did not Bitch slap him! 
Atlanta was also the intended target the muzzie in Nm was training the kids for who has connections to Obama 
That is the Orwellian inverted world! The True Nazi are the askeNazi Jews! AskeNazi Jews are also the commies and they are Liars Murderers and Thieves! Jews are Scum! 
Well you got a little of it down! I agree the German's are not the Nazi's! There were National Socialists as the Germans! They were called the vile term Nazi's by a despicable filthy askeNazi Jew which is a Fact and Proves the term Nazi refers to filthy sewage JewS! I have a functioning brain and you don't dumbshit! 
Fuck you! How retarded are you? The True Nazi's of WW2 were despicable fucking askeNazi Jews! Obviously you are not a rocket scientist are you? The Facts right in front of you face and you still deny! 
Just because a nigger killed another nigger doesn't mean the murderer shouldn't be hung. 
Dipshit Nigger! She-Boon Hates America! 
You aren't human if don't laugh at the word nigger 
And you aren’t human if you like niggers 
And I ask, what`s to love there? A bitching cunt who wants your shekels? 
Have you been following the retarded crap that's been going on in the Mayoral race in Toronto? Faith Goldy rocks. Sadly, too many Torontonians suffer Trudeau Derangement Syndrome. Only unlike Trump. Trudeau really is deranged. 
All I know, is Trudy's a fag. 
The nigger was high on Pcp, naked, stealing from cars and damaging cars and refused to drop a knife while a million cops surrounded him and an entire street had to be shut down and somehow the Cops are at fault here? Makes no fucking sense but evidently the police are supposed to let naked stoned niggers run around stabbing shit with a knife so guess what this city is gonna look like now 
Build a wall around them and leave the niggers to kill each other off, whites shouldn't apply to be police in non-white areas 
I'd rather have them not "assimilate". Hispanics intermarry at 50% with whites, and their children typically identify as white, which sullies our gene pool with African and Indian genes. Up to this point American whites have been relatively pure (to the tune of 99%), even in southern states where the negro population exceeds 20%. Why ruin a good thing? 
I would also rather they not assimilate. I'm just observing that rather than adding a "third race" to america's black/white dichotomy, they're drifting into whitening or blackening. Some Latin American immigrants are actually, factually White, but they're the exception, and I would also rather even the "bright 'n light" ones stay home. 
Best stick with claiming to be pure whigger trash as a ZOGtard. 
$100? No wonder democrats want more $5 wetback BJs 
Since we have A Nigger from Twitter on Gab rustling "Kkk" jimmies by posting photos of his mudshark slut and he's showing her our replies and comments: Dear Mudshark: This is how it usually ends, sooner or later - length of relationship means absolutely nothing when living and sleeping with a feral negro - they cannot be domesticated and end up chimping out and killing you. 
And the Mudshark nigglet? Dont forget to take him to hell too 
Disaster? War? The left talks a lot of shit and have been pushing buttons and their luck a little to much for a group of folks who do not believe in guns. Gonna be a slaughter like shooting retarded fish in a barrel. Smh 
Faggot nigger 
First, we have this. ". Her attempts to bring the full force of the police state down on his small shoulders were rooted in her own White Supremacy. ". Then. "The white woman been identified as Teresa Klein. " Jews are White now? 
Jews are white when they want to be extremely Racist against white people! The Jew accuses people of exactly what the pieces of shit are guilty of! 
I'm so surprised! I also love how it is always the White guy who does the school shootings (always Jew and Retarded programmed Democrats) and advertising and movies always portray white guys as the bad guys and stupid! The Orwellian world in all its inversion! They know it works unfortunately! 
God will not save Britons until they admit Hitler was right. 
Nazi hund have u even read mein kampf? Hitler loved muzzies hated, charlemenge of all people. He certainly was more fond of muzzie members then jewish ones 
When you hear "white man this. White man that. " The only appropriate response is "Fuck off retard of color" 
Nigger with an I. Q. Of 80! 
Npc Cuckboy. 
What a complete faggot 
The rice nigger is a blue check mark and assuming that same rice nigger was given every opportunity thinkable to slide into a doctorate program. Under The Patriarchy! 
This ‘muslim woman of colour’ isn’t going to miss out on an opportunity to take some money from gullible morons. 
>a sand nigger doesn't feel safe because "muh rape" the irony is unbelievable 
This is the List of Moral Alignment Chaotic Good: Crusader for Yahweh Lawful Good: Fight for White Justice Neutral Good: Will Help a Fellow White Man in Need Neutral: Could Care Less either Way Neutral Evil: Would Watch Folk Die & Not Help Lawful Evil: Cold Blooded Nigger Killer Chaotic Evil: Jew Rabbi or Serial Killer 
This sad faggot ordered the Gab Boomer starter pack. 
Jews r the real nazi. No they are just Jews. 
Yeah. I keep waiting for some kike faggot to get prostate cancer so we can get a great big nation-wide org formed so another kike can be in charge of it and all the donation given can be stolen for their own personal gain. Just like Susan B Komens org! Yeah! That's the ticket! 
Mattis is a cunt who I hope has a heart attack soon. 
The guy at the elevator door (I assume security/police) should have grabbed her finger and snapped her fucking wrist. Bunch of screeching retarded cunts. 
A Quick look At Your Site, I See Your A Typical Little Coward Anonymous Faggot Left Of Center Libertarian Clown, At Least Check My Fuckin Timelines Since I Joined Gab, I'm A Fuckin Atheist, You Stupid MotherFucker, Christians, Jews, Moslems & Buddhist Can All Die For All I Fuckin Care, Go Wait For The Next Conspiracy Or False Flag, Dumb Fuck Pussy 
The cunt just can't stop flapping her gums! 
Maybe they are puerto rican. That's what they do when a storm comes. If you stay, you gotta pay. Only a retarded democrat would not evacuate a 155 mph hurricane. 
I think they're more than retarded, brain dead maybe, as all liberals are. 
Hey ya little douchebag hows the spelling grammar nazi today? Hey ya kill anything today beat your wife or the dog ya redneck piece of shit lol, hey my daughter wrote that one for me ya fucked face ignorant cunt 
White people need to realize the fight of Democrats vs Republicansor left vs right is literally meaningless when your race is being wiped out. Niggers and muds aren’t going to respect your constitutional rights when they take over. Wake up. 
Apparently, the jewish created engine of future growth (White Genocide) will have a sub 90 Iq brownies (like retarded sub 90 Iq israelis) who commit crime waves, rapes, and financial fraud (jewish specialty. You can't have a 1st world nation with muds and slimy smelly shitbag disgusting jews. Jews = Assholes 
Leftists can be anyone retarded enough to be a degenerate. We are talking about the Deep State, the Soviets, and the Un when talking about them shutting us down. They are powerful, despite being a minority. 
A nuke sent to Teheran might fuck up the muzzie supply system 
What a Cunt 
That's not a family. That's some nigger whore with her two bastards and her pimp 
With the midterms coming you may be asking yourself "Is the dude I'm about to vote for a total faggot on immigration? " Find out at the Numbers Usa Immigration Report Card 
Yeah what ever. Try Focusing on reality, rather than trying to meme it into existence. You are a peasant if you think 'Dems' are Anywhere Near as deadly as Sunni Islam. Tool. 
That cunt should be hung! 
Italians don’t Larp on the internet, trying to prove how hard they are with their fed-posting. They just up and seize government buildings, raid Antifa HQs and go on nigger revenge killing sprees. Roy Batty, Staff, Daily Stormer 
It's not a "migrant caravan". It's a Soros-funded Invasion and should be treated as such. With Military Force. Period Send Out Military Now Smh #PatriotsFight #Q #TrumpTrain 
A wetback stole it and mailed to wetbackland 
Low Iq individuals are going to go along with your nonsense, but I can't save them from the scammer Torba. That's going to fall to the Sec. Torba will rot in prison. How many others in the cult will go with him? We'll see. 
But can you prove it's a lie beyond a reasonable doubt? I get that you trust Torba with your life, but that isn't proof. 
That doesn't prove anything 
Here it is Looks like something Cnn would do 
Seems legit to me If that's the best argument you have, we have nothing else to talk about 
It's legit It's just extremely biased and rigged 
How is it biased? If every post is assigned a post number and you make two posts 24 hours apart and subtract the first from the second, that's literally how many posts we're made that day. How is that biased? You're an idiot. 
He rigged it by following the reddit accounts at midnight He cries slider spam whenever you bring this up, because he knows it's Bs (Weak insult game btw) 
It doesn't matter what time you start counting if it's a 24 hour period retard 
But when you favorite only the Reddit accounts as he explained you're not going to get the same results He's cries slider spam when you bring this up because he knows its weak: 3 and not being able to make it 2 minutes without calling someone a name is pretty weak btw 
A Nigger and a Jew Kike! 
It's official. Youtube now auto-deletes comments containing "slurs". I tried making a comment using the word "nigger", refreshed the page and it was gone. Then I tried ni99er, and it was there. 
I use the term NigRoid or GrossNigGross! Works like a champ and gets the point across! Nigger Ai will Never Win! 
I wonder if niggger works. I'll try next time. 
That is also how retard obama had people attend his rallies, extra credit. 
An official degree in libtard studies 
Was (spartacus) a faggot also? 
Maybe if these stupid whores would just stop murdering their babies, they wouldn't have to get all bent out of shape when the good guys take control of the government. 
Inb4 nigger babies tho 
Btw, his Muzzie Girlfriend must dress him 
A marvel star wars crossover is possibly the most lame and gay shit Disney could pull out of their faggot ass holes. 
I would have substituted "The" for "A" as my opener if I was suggesting that a Marvel Star Wars crossover was "Definitely" happening, but I was not. Regardless. If it were to take place, it would be gay and I don't mean the happy gay, I mean it would be the lame gay, stupid, ignorant, a flop, pointless, retarded. 
Useless retard muted 
Notice how these nigger attackers only go after the elderly and week keep you selves strong so when the niggers come for you youcan defend your selves 
If you read the text, the courts actually signed off on the plan to pimp out this retarded white woman to Muslims. The state backed the care home plan. 
Triggering fucktards. Dems Vs Repubs by the numbers. *last 50 yrs Years held Presidency Repub-28yrs Dem-22 yrs Total jobs created Repub-24 Million Dem-42 Million Stock market return Repub-109% Dem-992% Gdp Repub-2. 7% Dem-4. 1% Income growth Rep-0. 6% Dem-2. 2% (source politico, bloomberg, Usdl) 
Hey cunt this is not a democrcy 
Mccaskill's a lying ass nigger 
She takes money to kill babies, that's a nigger no matter what the skin color is 
Your cunt stinks and no one will ever love you 
Kanye= Wants to get nigger criminals out of prison. Kushner= wants to dump American money on Israel. Neither care about White Gentiles. Kanye is a revolting poop skin chimpanzee. Trump cuddles him to make cowardly White boomers feel not r-r-r-racist like the Jew media screeches they are. 
Funny how some spineless cunt comes through here downvoting everyone but offers zero counter argument as to why its okay to be a bolshevik who supports Zimbabwe niggers and advocates kikes be given a place in "eurasia" etc. 
The brit fags are bending over for muzzies. The piece of shit mayor of London is a muzzie as are other mayors. Stupidity rules Britannia. 
We gonna whip that nigger lover to death. 
What does being Jewish have to do with Zionism? Is every Brit a liberal cunt because their government is? I fully support the country of Israel's right to exist and put up borders between themselves and the same Muslim hordes that are successfully invading all of the Uk. 
Why? She's cute. She is also retarded. So I thought there was a good change she'd done a porno. Cute + retarded is the magic combination for becoming a pornstar. 
No. The Moron is the faggot in a dress. 
Wait, so you committed a crime, took a picture of it, And posted it for the world to see? That's just fckin retarded isn't it. 
Why would you call someone a nigger even before seeing the color of is skin. #QuickToJudge 
Is going to lose millions because it is to much about the money than the people, Fuck you Gab ban me Bitch, i brought you 90% you subscribers ill end you'er ass cunts! Fix my video issue or suffer the consequnces Fact cunt! 
The moment you feel compelled to ask your neighborhood Neurologist; How much does a Retarded Physical Gene affect the Mental Process? 
Since when to the retarded 3rd world fags at the Un have jurisdiction over the United States? 
Well gab was always nigger aids anyway. I did like killing time at work posting cool pics and music but I guess this will free up more time for hentai 
What did the retards ever do to you to attack them with such vitriol? 
You attacked somebody grieving a dead cat. Your variety of trolling was a blatant demonstration of pathological behavior of Aspies like yourself. You are not retarded in the usual sense but you are socially retarded, actually. Attacking a grieving person yet posturing that you are an attacked protected class? Nice try! 
You brought up the slur "retard". I only explained that Aspies like you are not retarded in the traditional sense, though you are in fact socially retarded. It's not difficult for normal (neurotypical) people to recognize your autistic thought when you make sick comments about cats to a grieving cat owner. 
YouTube is now committing outright theft on Superchats. What retarded Ceo okay'd committing mass felonies? 
No. One happened in the real world. All the e-celeb coat tail riding for Trump and as The Movement Turns faggot tier drama isn't worth 1 day lost for the guys that got political sentences. All the e-shit and optics and vote straight R fucktards to the ovens for the freedom of the guys that Big Zog came down on. 
Tricky choice nigger or jew. Obama is a fairly yeller nigger. Paul reubin is all jew. It's a really tough call for you girls. 
It is astonishing how these Whitey McCrackers like Sean King, Rachel D, Beto, Elizabeth Warren, et al are posing as servants of non-whites. Imagine being some Nig or Spic having these crackers blow smoke up your ass. Such brazen posturing! I hope the Nigs refuse to support White Democrats because they've pushed this bullshit to the edge. 
I think Retarded celebrities endorsement is a great indicator that everybody should run away from that candidate! Hollywood is a morally degenerate sewer! 
Lol you're funny nutzy faggot ) 
Clearly perjury. She'll get the cunt and libturd pass squared and never be held accountable. 
Sessions Doesn"T Have The Balls To Take This Sorry Cunt To Trial. Hopefully After The Mid Terms Sessions Will Become A Distant Bad Memory. 
You, with all due respect, are a rebel without a cause. This is a fight that is not yours and we are all here due to twitter being nigger nazis. We have far more freedom here than anywhere else. Enjoy the ride. 
And what ever European paganism that is still in Catholicism, it is fucking tainted with nigger jew shit 
I don't understand why cops don't arrest street shitters. We have a nigger that like clock work shits on the side walk the street from the civil rights museum, in Jackson Mississippi, every day at around 11: 15, right on the sidewalk, cops called almost daily, they don't do shit. 
Fuck you nigger 
"it's designed to make everything easier" If you're too much of a retard to memorize passwords or use cards, I don't want you in my society anyway, why would this ever be a good thing lmao 
Gab. Ai is redirecting you to gab. Com. Its retarded but you have to log in to use the. Com site separately from the. Ai site (which keeps kicking me over to. Com) 
? He is mad that doxxing of innocent ppl. Made my Boyfriend Sidephase leave Gab & that my name is Carla. Which it’s not but they are so special that if they think they got a win, you just ok, my special retarded friend. I don’t know about those other groups in the. Explains a lot. I believe he is bitter and lots of things like God. He doesn’t have spiritual duct tape. He’s just a sad meat sack. Cc: 
Rumor has it that Brett Kavanaugh was involved in the Patriot's deflated football scandal. I, myself, don't watch the Nigger Football League, so don't really care. 
Good riddance. Maybe they will stop murdering defenseless animals, because they are fucking pussies. Go murder a nigger or a jew you bitch ass lames. 
I wouldn’t have a Vasectomy. I’ve always thought dudes that did that because it’s supposedly easier on the guy than having the woman get her tubes tied were faggot pussies. If a man and woman have like six kids and she doesn’t want to have anymore than she can sterilize herself. 
With the orange and blue hair she would get stoned, raped and thrown off a building but she isn't against the Islamic religion and if she was she might face the Saudi Meat Saw. What a (insert-your-favorite-profanity-here) loony retard 
Did this cunt really say this? Fuck you liarwatha, how about you spread your legs for an entire gang of rapists to prove Your commitment to diversity. Wtf is wrong with these people? They are giving Savages the right to rape. 
Truth causes panic attacks for Tards best they stay on Fakeb and Twat this platform could cause them to lose it. 
Milo is a Jewish faggot but I agree feminism hates women and is cancer. 
She's an Aipac puppet so of course she would act in a manner that produces the worst possible results for Trump and our side. That said, I'm happy the cunt is leaving. 
These fuckers are retarded lul. They'll pull anything out of the air to try n trigger lul. Next Hitler will b rastafarian lul 
I think it was in Denmark where women were impregnated by sperm from a retarded African, thinking it was from a White man. Steer clear of any sperm or egg donation. 
Humans are Not Equal. Breeding has NotHING to do with it. Moron Nigger Lover. 
If you believed they would have been, then you’re a dumb fucking retard. Nothing less than the destruction of the American nation will save the white race in America. If you think you’re gonna legislate your way free if this then you’re a bigger dumbass than it’s been believed to be possible. 
Fuck you. We see how things went down the drain with two-terms of the nigger in the Wh, e. G. , legalization of fag marriage, two Jews placed on the S. C. And the promotion and elevation of these sick transsexuals If that wasn't cause for White America to rise up and revolt Nothing Ever Will. 
They are neither semitic nor are they real Jews. They were converted in the 7th century and were descedents from Attila the Hun not abraham. They really are barbarians! Jews are Lying sewage! 
So you are telling me you hear my original phrases alot? I sincerely doubt it as nobody told me these things, I came up with them myself! Unlike you I actually come up original thought. As far as the Jew thing I most certainly am not. Jews are almost all completely Retarded Racist Pigs! Thank god I have a functioning brain, Jews are blithering idiots! 
Lol. Your perception is quite different than reality. Your mind is simply inverted and you believe the filthy Jew Lies! It is no more complicated than that. I don't believe a single thing from any Jew source Ever. You do. That is why we are diametrically opposed in our belief systems. It is simply that black and white. 
I'll take pics if my horns don't come out looking retarded lol 
Hitler would have dabbed on all of these tatted up trashy "nazis" Stalin would have dabbed on all of these literal faggot twitter "communists" This whole thing is a big joke lol 
Looks horsefaced enough to be John Kerry's long lost son. And just as retarded 
Never a Muzzie in sight when you need one! I guess even they wouldn't rape this piece of white ape meat! 
Who was that piece of shit Jew faggot that used to spam everyone with tranny porn. Guarantee that's what it was. 
Well, after blowing Jfk's brains out, Lbj said he would have niggers voting for the next 200 years. 
You are lucky. I am in nigger hell St Louis 
I am in one of the remaining white areas. Older parents. When they are gone, I will move looking for whiter areas, but also hoping for a Wakanda movement to happen. Lots of niggers returning to Africa 
In Stl you are forced to see race bc the blks run & ruin shit we are still being lectured about Micheal Brown, blks who run for office say they are going to govern based on race if you move to a darker place, you will consider race, you won't have a choice shitskins won't let you forget they are shitskins St Louis is a hellhole because of niggers, not the bc of the Amish 
I would rather deal with the mafia than the niggers. Niggers are feral 
There was no need to 'deal' with the mafia really, it was just kid of understood that they ran shit. Nobody was really upset over it. Lol 
St Louis had mafia at one time. Now we just have niggers 
Nah you dumb cunt that's a train and you'd be dead Rip lol 
A typical leftist article in a jew owned paper, writed by a nigger about how bad are the White Women cause they support Trump and resist to be euthanized -via feminism, lesbianism, abort and drugs Mr. Jammal dislikes those European White families, but no, he will no go back to Africa. He want to be here and leech us and blame us. 
Good fkn lord. Another Racist fuck on Gab! Hey retard the Only thing the Jews did to you were the things You were to stupid or Lazy to prevent! Cont. 
Gop Do what's right for all people of the Republic. You work for us! We, the People! We are awake now and we are watching! 
22 trillion in debt and the baby boomers are still trying to play it off like this is not 100% on their heads. Hang in there guys. We are the first generation that had no elders. Look on the bright side, historically men do not live this long. We really do not need old old elders advice. 
I retired when I was 57 so boom that you millennial faggot 
2nd time seeing this, still confused about what it is or was. Maybe it’s mother is proud not sure of what but parents love their demonic retarded offspring. What does it do for a living bat mitvahs? Scare your daughter with this as an example? 
Christian attacks a Christian who attempted to stand for her White Race, as underneath they know, like we all do, that Christianities end point, the sum of all it's parts, is multicultural and anti White. The JesusJew comes before race. 
Muh scofield bible. Jews jewing, an already jewed religion, makes zero difference You christian identerians are jews, You white israelite cultists, already call yourself jews, the real israelites You literally call yourself the real white jews How on earth is that christian? Oh yea its not. 
The fact, you're so retarded, calling yourself a real white jew, has absolutely zero to do with christianity You guys claim to hate jews, but call yourself a real jew, has to be one of the most retarded shit ive ever heard Face facts, you hate whites who refuse to be white israelite jews, the exact same way christians, muslims hate whites who refuse to convert 
No problem, thanks for showing yours. Real black Russian. 
Now go read the talmud, real white israelite. 
I used to work on building sites where at tea break it was mandatory to ask for the sugar like this; "Oi cunt face, pass the fucking sugar for me fucking tea and don't forget the fucking spoon". One soon got into the habit but it could be embarrasing when the bishop came round our house on a Sunday. 
Tfw you’re so retarded you think opposites are equal. 
Her fam moved back to Sweden - she'll probably end up married to some moslem raper nigger 
Shoot the sand nigger in the face 
"Turkish Nazi Muslims" huh retard Hey, try forming real sentences instead of half of your worlds being fucking hashtags, fuckwit. 
Paralyzed Nigger Murders Man. Only a Nigger, & i Repeat, Only a Nigger would do this Shit. 
Not only can we We Already have. Repeatedly You simply dismiss everything that disproves your childish flat earth conspiracy theory or you reply with cartoon memes or some retard playing the fiddle in a crackpot youtube video. Utterly lacking in any real science whatsoever 
Fucking mouth breathers! If that doesn't give you all you need to make an evaluation of this fucking retard then I don't know what will. 
Hero Cop Who Killed Disreputable Nigger Convicted Support: Register: *Anonymously report aliens: (866) 347-2423 
Another well paid cunt 
My last job: I replaced an x-acto blade with a razor shaped piece of mylar I painted silver. A crazy redneck coworker from Missouri took it and shook it in a jew's face. Kike went all "Hey hey! " She "stabbed" him in the neck with it. The jew went ghost white thinking he was gonna die. This needs to happen to Acosta. 
This faggot hates America, the West, and wants to support those who are actively engaged in taking down Western nations he plans to cripple you with playground name calling of Antisemitic slurs. 
The attacks will get worse on the Jewish people it is in the bible and we are living in the end times. Islam is of the devil the are pedophiles that beat and stone their women so how are the the religion of peace 
They have to wake up to their inherent evil. Jews bought out the Vatican in the late 1700's, the Pope is a Jew. They run Hollywood, porn, media, education, push homosexuality, pedo shit. And if whites reject it, we are attacked 
First they came for the Weev but I did not speak out bc I was not a stormer, then they came for the Patrick Little but I did not speak out bc I was not a Whignat, then they came for the tranny shit but did not speak out bc I was not a tranny chaser, then they came for the lolis but I did not speak out bc I was not a lolifag. 
I skimmed your profile and you sound like a retarded version of me from like 4 years ago lmao. Have fun guy. 
I think the best thing i can say is: the lack of retarded and dank memes here is disturbing i think im going to create a page myself. 
Around blacks - never relax. Whites need to educate themselves about personal security around niggers. Like if you're standing on a subway platform and one comes towards you, don't look at them, pretend you don't notice them and move away. Same goes for a street corner. Never let a nigger get within 2x arm's reach. If you're walking somewhere and you see a group of them ahead on the sidewalk, cross the street. If you live in an apartment building and you see them hanging around the main entrance as you come home, pretend you forgot something in your car (even if you don't have a car) and go to a side entrance, while calling 911 and reporting suspicious persons to the cops. Definitely call 911 if they follow you. Too many NPCs just let them in and then wonder why their apartment or car gets broken into or the elevators are full of urine and graffiti. 
Another favourite target is anyone who uses a mobility aid. When I started using a walker I noticed a definite increase in nigger violence and threats towards me. Niggers are cowards and bullies who always go for the weak members of the herd. That's why they gravitate to jobs involving caring for children, the sick and the elderly. I'm not a senior yet so I can set the brakes on my walker and still kick ass if I have to. I live in Canada so very few weapons are legal to carry. We have to be creative. Pepper spray is banned. However, my cane (which I keep strapped to the side of my walker) is actually a war club I ordered from Knife Zone, and I also carry a concealed stun gun and have kubotans strapped to my shoe laces. I've learned about personal security from living in a niggerhood for 11 years. Being threatened and bullied is a regular occurrence, as is encountering them loitering around my building trying to intimidate people into letting them in. I wish I could afford to move! 
I saw a loose Nigger in Kroger and I'm disappointed that animal control didn't come and dispatch it. 
The niggers kill and rape far, far more whites than vice versa. You wimp ass nigger lover. Drop dead rat. 
Hewitt Moore is going to be slaughtered. Stupid retard. 
Cory Booker is a dumb nigger faggot. Him and don’s lemon would hit it off perfectly. Imagine that Retardakus is a dick eater. 
I think some bull dyke should use a strap-on on You! Hilarity Would Ensue! There's some hurtful "truth" for ya! 
Judge Retard has made yet another troll account Lol Does that douche have a life? 
Nope. Sc upholds it. As long as that exists, no, it's not fact. No matter how retarded you act. Second, he's wrong there too. It's own home country isn't the one wondering if children can consent. The right has it's own npc problem and its not just the gop. 
And they send out a Faggot with obvious Mental Disorders to sell You their news! 
Faggot 
Faggot 
Don't let these fool you. They are not like you. They are pure trash pretending to relate with you on moral issues when they are 100% immoral themselves. They will sometimes claim they are Christians, but ask them to elaborate and they vomit out nothing but heresy. They will chant with you against the liberal opposition coming out of but applaud them for putting clinics in minority areas. They believe in and. They even support for the elderly, and underdeveloped. A lot of them are even Scottish Rite Freemasons who's great, great grand fathers were a part of the Order of the Golden Circle that opposed the early Gop founded by and assassinated Lincoln. It is because of their Freemasonic ranks that many of them got skipped up in ranks in the military, and police. The ones seemingly more honorable because of that really cheated. They Are Not Your Friends! 
You follow a Jew who, with other Jews, created an ideology for non-Jews. I like the part where you don't punish Jews if they do you wrong, you have to forgive them (love them even) and I like the other part where you have to share all your stuff with them. 
It's showing them that the christianity to which they honestly and wholeheartedly adhere is not observed by their "fellow christians" were you ever christian? If so, what caused the break for you? 
Never been a Christian or religious in any way. Found out that all the groovy things about Christianity, Christmas, Easter, the cross symbol, were in fact European paganism. Then realised that it was brought to Europe from the middle east and that Jews created it (to keep non-Jews occupied. 
Then you need to trust me when I tell you christians don't quit the religion easily 
I don't trust you. And It doesn't matter about the low Iq hardcore retarded Christians, they're in a small minority, the ones that matter are the ones that simply default to Christian when somebody asks them if they're religious. They are the ones who are receptive to the truth. 
You're poasting like a leftist atheist, especially the "low-Iq" stuff so the trust deficit goes both ways 
Everybody who disagrees with me is a leftist atheist. Nice. 
You opened by calling me a christian. So i guess we're even 
You were quoting scripture in the affirmative. 
Why does an old nigger iron his hair; he should straighten himself out. 
Get to the midterms and if we win life will get easier for free speech gawd its like spoon feeding retarded apes around here sometimes 
Fuck that nigger cunt, we should sandblast her black ass! 
Hello, we are rich negroes, we don't need no nigger competition. So stay in your place on the plantation. 
Why are you screwing with my "freedom of speech" @a, @e, ? I use the tag and you hear a nazi faggot scream or even threaten someone and your answer is to shadow ban me. I hope the Fbi take you down. 
Trust me. Nobody in their right mind would ever think of raping. My God woman! Wear a burka! 
Go get fucked you retarded whore 
Let me guess they had a nigger jump out first on the moon and he was shaking his booty. Doing the moon walk. 
Fucking Faggot Kicks Women In The Face, Would Not Dare To Do That To A Real Man! Soy Fuckhole! 
That open mouthed soy boy faggot picture. Why do the nocs love that? 
Woman released them all from detention centers. City is 60% nigger and runs off of tourism to places Whites built, and now asks for Jews to film their movies here. I didn't know Ie had a presence in Atlanta, though! Love to meet you guys! 
Legit nobody is paying attention to your troll account. It is quite sad. Go back to facebook you nigger loving faggot. 
I seriously hope this dumb fucking cunt is the reason Pence ends up having to cast the tie breaking vote. I need fuel for her ouster 
What kike is that? 
C'mon Jared, it still matters shes a kike lol 
Spartacus the faggot 
This topic is cancer. 100% cancer. There is nothing here worth debating, so I'm going to literally flood this topic with whatever the fuck I can find. You're all retarded, you're all disgusting degenerates, and you really should consider leaving Gab. No one here will miss you. Enjoy the flood! 
Being an insufferable faggot is okay with @a as long as you dick ride him and gibs shekels like a good little paypiggy. 
Goddamnit Nigger Open Ur Door, Im At Ur House! I Brought My PS4! Quit Being A Faggot & Make Some Friggin Nachos U 3RD RAtE Mexican, Fug! 
Yeah. Not going back on a site that's actively working to reduce White men like me to Nigger status and helping rig elections. 
If you would note Drake named his son 'Adonis'. Nice Nigger name, yes? Wait, no, it is not. It is a Greek name. Greeks are White. Cultural-appropriation, anyone? The fawning over the blue eyes, the Greek name, proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that both Niggers absolutely despise their own races. This is extreme racism of the highest order. 
You are a dumb cunt if you think all that shit matters. No one is in jail and we are still being invaded. As soon as the left takes over with all those illegal votes you will see what was important. Close your legs and engage your brain. They will undo everything and you will pay. 
Proving beyond any doubt that she is a feckless cunt 
You just love sand nigger cock own it cocksucker 
Dude guns don't make me uncomfortable. I was taught weapons retention with a. 223 and a. 45 when I was 8 years old and was hitting marks at 11. What Scares Me Is The OTheR People, Not The Gun. People on the average are so fucking retarded you can't trust them with safety. 
You're a rapist and the devil. Anything else. Apart from faggot. 
Molly was a member of the Brat Pack. Now has joined the Rat Pack Gfy Molly you sucked as an actor. I guess you suck (on it) to keep getting work 
Yeah i never saw the attraction, even in her youth, before countless surgeries, she looked kid of retarded to me. Still this get her some publicity & thats all she's bothered about 
Use the words feral dirty Muslim retarded scum works well. 
Dead hippy faggot 
Kike 
Spic bastard steals hatchet, gets shot twice and croaks. Locals 2nd guess commissioner. Criticism politically motivated? Florida city commissioner shoots, kills alleged shoplifter, surveillance video shows 
Stupid dumb cunt Npc'S lol Restaurant Owner Called A ‘Nazi Sympathizer, ’ Life Threatened For Renting Room To Marsha Blackburn 
I feel dirty just reading this, what is wrong with you nigger faggots? 
Cunt 
The jew-dicial system makes me sick! This is supposed to be america not the united states of kikeistan. Ive waited around for 7 years wondering when my liscense is going to show up after having to flee a state because i wanted medicinal weed, and 7 years of my life are wasted because of non driving misdemeanor warrents blocking my drivers liscense. 
Why did i ever ask the president to stop north korea from nuking america just to be opressed by this nigger infested abomination called america like this. 
They are calling him a "Native American" on Fox News. Douchebag faggot Shitbreath Smith was basically placing the blame right on. 
Don't forget that Cnn's fave maggot faggot Anderson Cooper is also on Cbs's 60 Minutes team. 
Home office fuck of you paki bastards 
The cunt needs two in the head. 
Jew York full of mouthy jews. Some nigger decided to shut one up 
Guarantee it’ll be nothing like how he’s just explained it, like the numerous times this retard has been wrong 
Well, Italians if we are being honest. But we give them a pass because they hate niggers more than the rest of europe combined. Really talented nigger haters actually. 
Gab Nazi: "Jews control the world" Me: Actually Jews only represent 0. 2% of the world's population and besides. Muslims make up 24% of the population. Do Jews control them too? Gab Nazi: ". Kike! " 
Actually it's only "awesome" if you have the disposition of a retard 
I'm doing a Hitler mustache baby! And I'm goin out in it. Oh yeah. 
Dress up as Kisten Powers in one of them DemonCrap pussy outfits in Grey, be a Dnc Cunt Npc just like her! 
Hitler stasch will work much better 4 me 
We are going out in Burkahs to terrorise the locals & see if the Pussies from the Imams Yellow Army will risk arresting us! 
The same in video games! I start to speak or write in French, after 2 seconds, a retarded is telling me "Hey! English! " That woman is not only Drunk and Alcoholic, she is moast of all a fat yankee pig unabble to speak any other language than hers, and very bad, Btw! 
Sand Nigger 
If theft was nigger or pami she would get 20 years. Uk is a dumbfuckistan 
McDonald wouldn't dare utter these words anywhere else just another lily livered lefty twat 
Haha the nigger being a nigger got niggered. 
The average leftist cannot be reasoned with, this is a summary of a 'debate' I just engaged in with some on fb - Trump is racist [prove it] Trump is a bigot for banning Muslims [Look at what they're doing in Europe. It isn't bigotry to ban child rapists] What about the Catholic church! [We don't need to import more problems than we already have] You can't blame the whole group, what about these white individuals doing bad things! [All of them are doing it and you're complicit for defending them] You're a Nazi! You share memes about protesters getting hit by cars in private groups so nobody knows you're a Nazi! [Are reading off a list of buzzwords? ] Democracy has been stolen, Trump doesn't represent the majority! [*points out the electoral map has more red than blue*] Trump supporters are all stupid and can't do math! [This is why he won] *they start posting retarded lefty memes that have nothing to do with the subject about trump supporters typing in all caps and Merkel pushing Trump in a pram* I thought the left couldn't meme [New person chimes in: The left can't win] [You lefties have given up arguing in favour of yelling about nazis] "Sometimes these things just end" *Op deletes thread* 
All leftist cannot be reasoned with as they are just a programmed robot. They are vile Racist Sexist Pigs yet their programming says they not. Their programming says they are smart yet they actually have no intellect at all! They are only swayed by emotion! Democrats are all Retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons. Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place. Most immigrants fall into this category. The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling. They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function. Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet. They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive. All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway. They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction. Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather. They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains! 
Lol so literally the only people still clinging onto it even think Sargon is fucking retarded wow. 
"Nigger! Dumb Fucking Illiterate Field Negro! Nigger Nigger Nigger! - Cnn, almost verbatim, yesterday. Tell me again about the tolerance of the left and the (tm) of the democrats. 
Lol, what do you expect from Don Lemon, Cnn's house nigger. 
This is what true "niggers" do! Project and call other blacks Niggers! Their true inner colors are Oozing out of their wretched bodies. Donny here is the actual nigger! 
Hey Cnn I hear your ratings are lower than hemorrhoid commercials. Can't imagine why. 
Lemon sounds about right. Lemon: an item bought with many problems which warrants a refund. 
I should have said lonely pikey cunt who can't get a girlfriend 
Some Southerners had love affair with nigs. Concerned for nig welfare more than for Whites. Same in Rhodesia/South Africa. Southern elites wanted to spread niggers to the territories (west) & to other countries. Having nigger slaves here was bad for most Whites then & the results (still having them here) r worse. South did that! No White side in that war. 
Don Lemon says Kanye should stop acting like he needs white people around. Meet Faggot Don Lemon's White husband. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Note how they demonize masculinity & take a jab at Kavannaugh. If your kids are at Toronto University, watch out for this dyke, she'll be after them. She'll just make shit up, trust me. Shoot the cunt 
Faggot needs to look in the mirror if he wants someone to blane 
Fuck you nigger 
Such an evil cunt 
One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post 
I love when tryhard faggot liberals run to churches and religion three days out of the year, and then protest against Christmas and Easter displays every other day. 
Becoming the head faggot means you get extra jizz on your Debbie Cake. 
Lmfao You found me out Jewton Devonair. I rather be a nigger any day of the week over being a subversive kike with no morals. Jesus called your kind children of satan for a reason. 
That uppity nigger may be right. Kavanaugh is no friend of the Bill of Rights. He is a Gw Bush neocon who will always rule in favor of the cops, big business and the government. 
St. Nancy. Patron Cunt of Democrats 
Where I come from a tranny needs a mechanic. Not sex 
How can someone be Caucasian and a nigger at the same time? Inquiring minds would like to know. 
You do realize you're arguing with a nigger, right? 
I think "winding up" would be more appropriate. I am seeing if i can literally get him to smash his computer in a monkey rage. 
When i was in london in april, i saw an arab kicking a homeless nigger in the face. It was terribly diverse. 
Nigger + Mudshark = a Death toll to pay 
You want a real laugh a Retarded woman is Displaying False Outrage with the story Snow White because the prince kisses the girl to wake her up. Guess they need to discontinue Cpr on people. Fixed it! 
Is Lodi Silverstein a faggot? 
We can thank the Boomers and their retarded party politics circus for this one. 
Found the nigger 
Scenario: A Feminazi is getting raped by a recipient of multiculturalism enrichment. She's screaming incessantly for help, or something equally annoying. Do you. A) Keep walking. B) Tape her mouth. 
It was a trick question but the answer is, you wait for the muzzie to kill the Feminazi, then kill the muzzie. Two enemy taken off the battlefield and you look like a hero. 
Just got my masters degree in nigger hating y’all! 
I'm pretty sure the Saudis did kill that journalist. To be honest, I really don't give a shit. I mean, I've got a long list of things I hate about those fuckers but killing some fellow sand nigger who was bad mouthing their Crown Prince is way down at the bottom of that list. 
Unfortunately it’s an opportunity that will be missed. Nothing will be done, save for some stern warning, and they’ll continue funding the vast majority of sand nigger antics around the world. 
She's just an Irish nigger 
Nigger dumb enough to get scammed by a child Q 
Yeah it looks like everyone hates your guts. Nigger lovers don’t make it very far around these parts. 
No Wonder They Are All So Retarded 
Im pretty sure weve gone over this and youre ignoring reality because you dont like it. First, he psyopped the kikes and thats documented on Gates of Vienna, the community he was from. Second, a communist open borders anti-racist party that opposes Israel because its a Jewish ethnostate alone while embracing Jews is not our ally. Youd have to be retarded 
Hay, if you told these idiots not to vote in the super pedo devil mafia no term limits politicians too, I don't see why we can't agree on this boomer are retarded thing. 
What really gets me is how Gab is labeled as a "white-supremacist" social media outlet. If I said something negative about a globalist conservative president like George Bush or if I criticized Ronald Reagan for granting amnesty to illegal aliens, I would have multiple 65 year old men in my notifications calling me a "fucking retarded nazi". 
He look nothing like his evil cunt dad look like Muslim in breed Popeye were your mum was mum a test tube 
Pathetic. Spam. Bots. You already lost. Flailing. Weak. Just Pathetic. Micro-Flatulence. Please Turn To Page 3 of the Media Matters Handbook. Then? Gfy, Moron. #Q 
Retarded liberals that worship satan, trying to clown Q with their demonic so called art, bring on the tribunals. 
Little monkeys fling poo. It's what they do. 
Yep, she says you're a terrible Pearl-clutching thin-skinned busy-body faggot telling me how to post. She's a wise lady 
I couldn't find that Tweet, so it's possible she deleted it? Either way, her Tl is headache-inducing. She basically Tweets every thought that comes into her head, like an autistic retard. 
Those retarded tweets are coming out of her Leftwing ass. 
Not only would we lynch a raping nigger of a mob of 5000 we would post it on the front page of the paper. That is also how those nigger rights groups found out about us and sent that cunt who fucked it all up idk y she did not get a lynching herself 
"Hit" my ass. The only people that go to those bullshit faggot plays in Nyc are the same folks none of us can stand. Rarely does your average, everyday, pro-America, working class go to watch queers prance around on a stage. Dummies that come to Nyc for a vacation go too, & i bet they get disappointed 
Damnit Angela you took my thoughts. Every time I think Broadway or IceCapades i immediately think Fag! You're right. No one, in their right mind, goes to see this shit. Unfortunately many Do go to the movie theaters and still get the same rhetoric in these films. 
Exactly how close are you to putting your nigger first through your Pc right now? 1 - 10 
Fuckin faggot 
If black or white are different races, why isn't short or tall different races? Why not put everyone with a big head in their own racial category? Because the very idea is fucking stupid! The same as black or white or any other Cnnshit shit you pull out of your ass! 
This nigger is the NAXALTiest nigger on all of Gab. 
I wasn't comparing the two incidents, because Trump never made fun of that reporter's "disability". That was an Msm lie. The truth in the meme is that Rosie Is the fat, retarded child that Trump made fun of ( a long time ago), and the Left doesn't even realize it. 
Kill A Moslem Today! For The Good Of The Planet! 
This has nothing to with religion retard these illegal private zoo you can see everywhere around the world 
Eat My Shit Islam Loving Faggot 
Fuck! Fuck! Noo! The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America! Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court! You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites! And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
Zhir's acting like a faggot again. But crying oceans of liberal tears. 
Now we just have to find someone blacker than Nigger Joe's Tar soap for the ultimate of opposites. 
I keep waiting for some kike faggot to get prostate cancer so (they) can form a Huge cancer research center for men like the did Susan B! This way the kikes can take Billions in free donations and live off the cancer patients pain and suffering like they always do. 
And You: a wigger with an uneducated, nigger-loving, butt-fucking opinion? Whooda guessed it? Shut your cockholster you fucking stupid bag of cocks 
As soon as I see "university student" I visualize, , blue haired trans blahhhh dummy spitting tantrum throwing snowflake melting retarded thinking spoiled brats in desperate need of a royal kick in the ass into reality. Is it just me? 
Dude's a dinkum priest? Fmd. I always thought he was just some twat in a cassock! 
Anything that needs people to have their head shoved firmly up their own ass in order to have them think it makes sense is bound to be espoused by some retarded Canadian moron. 
The real sad thing about this parasite is that some ppl will actually vote for this cunt cake! 
Antifa dumbshit, you are no match for me, sir, you are a undereducated fuckin lyin, communist, lazy ass, nigger lovin, fuckin racist basterd, don't doubt me, fuzzy nuts 
Her muzzie loving ass needs to be thrown out of Germany if the people ever want their country back. 
You're struggling ain't ya over a billion white men and you struggle to find more than a couple of dozen. You're looking at the wrong demographic twat try looking closer to home like ya muzzy pals they love stoning women I hear. 
Que the purple pill Faggot larping alt righters to be speechless and shivering that thier Jewish messiah trump turned out to be a kyke all along. Maybe we will hear a few iterations of the if the roles were reversed faggotry they’ve perfected. 
Meanwhile, little tough guy Mr. Hanky Rearend cries like a little cunt when someone trolls the fuck out of his pussy ass. Tell all your little butt buddies more about how you're such a tough guy troll, pussy. 
I always knew my teachers were retarded libs. If only I could go back. 
That’s because you’re a weird nigger lover. That movie was nothing but anti white bullshit propaganda. Now what’s up with this jewish fucking article? Fucking kikes, man, I tell you. 
Get out is a nigger loving propaganda movie. 
Fuck that pussy ass faggot bill maher with a rusty dildo 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
I remember when the way leftists treat the word nigger inspired me to engage in a long autistic rant about what language even is: 
Vs? Mm says it all really, Macron likes nigger man love and has no children? 
Do you know, i truthfully think this is the case. That cunt Macron is a fucking dinner masher. Who in their right mind would cuddle a sweaty nigger, unless it gives you wood. 
A lot of da white MFs on guns of gab talk good game but under pressure they choke like pussies and guns aint da final shit back when we niggas had our ancient nuwaupian civilization we was using laser guns yea we was exploring da stars when da white devils was still living in caves and they was using clubs 
Wtf is that why you spooks are always stealing the white mans guns when u break into their homes? Come to my woods and lets see who cracks. Oh btw ask you cousin (the one i shot) if he is ok. Nothing makes a nigger drop snap on tools like 12 ga to the back. His buddy (get away driver) even left his black ass but i choke. , lets see 4 gun fights 2 draws two hits still kicking 
What a pathetic fairy gay faggot! 
A vile faggot wearing tight pants 
Who gives a shit what that faggot says? Glad his security clearance was revoked. Eat Dirt Brennan. 
Fuck off faggot kikesucker 
Absolutely true! The ignorance running rampant is the biggest problem we have. If some nigger can’t get these right, then no diploma and no welfare. 
I'd rather be a Nigger than a Jew any day of the week 
Ha ha ha faggot 
So you're a filthy fucking degenerate kike. I get it. It's all part of your fucked up religion righty right? I mean, what with your kike double-speak coming out of your cockholster, I declare that my 2nd A rights give Me the right to shoot motherfucking pedo fucks like You right in the goddamn face! How do you like My logic so far you fucking kiddy diddler? 
Try it faggot 
I'm "muting" all those that hate Jews, hate anyone unlike themselves, or themselves use the word "hate" over and over in their posts. I want them in their own little echo chamber talking among themselves. Unfollow And mute! It is the only way to keep Gab from putting before you over and over people of hate. 
Good luck with that, new h88ers join every day faggot 
Jack Dorsey is a cunt mah sanz 
Yeah. No. I'll make such a declarative statement only after none of the horde is allowed in. If thousands are granted entry, Again, then Trump is just a liar. See, the last caravan? Remember that? That caravan prompted Trump to send the National Guard to the border and. They all got in. All that happened is the Guard welcomed them instead of the Border Patrol or no one at all, and escorted them to catch-and-release processing. Any retard can do that. Why have them there at all if they are all still allowed in and just given catch-and-release as usual? Bogus! 
Well gee 
Its true. God hates fags 
Sounds as if you're speaking from personal experience? 
Zziiiiing! Ive met the faggot, and it is you! 
So thirsty so soy much faggot wow 
I see. No actual skills. 
Lol yeah & you're just brimming with them heeb. Just like all ur people, totally parasitic, expecting me to do all the work. You're like punching a soggy matzo-ball, very unfulfilling. Run along moishe, ur boring 
Oh- it's My fault that you are unable to deliver on the skills that you boasted of possessing, that about sum up your excuse? 
So in other words you cower to the Jew? 
So you’re just a cunt to random employees at their jobs? 
It'S Time To Kick This Faggot Out! Trudeau Blames His Voters For The Carbon Tax 
The Npc is immunized to all dangers. You may call them brainwashed, blind to the truth, downright stupid. It all runs off them like water does a raincoat. But call them an Npc and watch how they shrivel, step back, and say, "I've been found out. " 
It Doesnt Bother Me At All When You CAll Me An Npc, Because You Nazis Are The Real NpcS! @$! & @ 
Ok, I'm a Boomer & proud of it so what's an Npc? 
What are you proud of? The whole "most selfish generation in history ever" thing? Or the "Does not accept responsibility for their own actions" part? Or is it the "Who cares anyways, because i'll be dead soon" part? 
Come back Jr when you have a legit argument lol, unless mommy takes back her phone 
You want to know what we really want? A country that looks like the one your generation inherited. We can't have that, because your generation already broke it. So now we want to fix the country, And your generation won't let us, because you are scared of hurting the feels of your spic gardener. 
Perhaps you should go speak to the nigger that squatted in Our White House for 8 years about that moron. Lmmfao y'all cry more than my 6 yr old lol. You're not " being allowed" because you fucks can't figure out what bathroom to use or what "gender" you retards are lol. 
You voted for them bathrooms. Who is the bigger moron? 
I didn't vote for that moron try again! So adorable how y'all bounce everywhere because your crap gets blown out everytime lol 
Y'all We nigger posting now? Damn, i thought it was bad putting up with your boomer posting. Did your wife's nigger son teach you that word? 
Oh, I'm sorry (Not) you're offended by Nigger but you're ok with describing Hispanic ppl as Spics that are good for nothing but lawn care lol. 
"Mocking Scandal" So Trump was caught "again imitating a retarded person? " Is that what the news is telling us? 
South African justice: A white woman uses the word "kaffir": 3 years in prison. A black man says white people in South Africa deserve to be hacked and killed like Jews, I want to cleans this country of all white people. We must act as Hitler did to the Jews: fined + ordered to make a written apology. 
Tfw a nigger doesn’t know true history. Look, more misinformation being used against us by the bad guys. This is a triple wammy bc the innocent white also gets jailed. Wrong history, nigger goes free to slander whites, & the white woman is jailed. They must keep jews the victims always! 
Nigger! 
Exactly! Nigger has this false sense that beautiful women would want that dirty Pos to touch them. 
Tell them that bitch was a fucking liar and that hard work gets you a decent fucking career you spineless cunt 
Jesus youre quick to flip out, like a fucking retarded liberal! 
#Q It'S Still Cuck BULLSHIt If They Don'T Start Overturning Every Leftist, Anti-WHItE, And Jew Approved Decision In The Supreme Court. 
I will actually piss myself with joy if he nominates her. The pissing part maybe not so much (unless I drank too much beer) but I'll be happier than a faggot in Boystown. 
Cnn token house nigger faggot Lemon needs a bullet 
But this dude is a Jew a dirty Jew 
Hmmmm don't think he's Jewish - just an atheist masquerading as Jewish - and you are a dirty little lame racist bigot troll masquerading as a conservative whose parent's fed you hate for breakfast every morning just like Soros' parents did to him 
No, he’s Jewish hey sold out his Jewish brothers and sisters to Hitler 
Nothing Jewish about that - more like a selfish atheistic Pos like you 
Some kike who should be beaten with a club in the rain for using that great name. 
I see his shit everywhere. He’s a pretentious faggot too. Always refusing to see the forest for the trees, and yet gets into these pseudo intellectual debates. Name the jew n the name callin begins. Not smart, self righteous rat hiding in the wall. 
She's pro-life, but I bet it would be compromised down to leaving it to the states, like weed. Ok by me. Let the niggers kill their babies in California and New York. One less nigger my grandson will have to kill on the battlefield during the 2nd revolution. 
But I wouldn't put it past a low Iq grunt to do something this stupid. You are useless to the movement dead or in jail. Only organization and careful planning can change things. Going one-man kamikaze is retarded and accomplishes nothing. 
At least this crazy cunt is obvious about it. Think of all the other neoliberal weasels who keep it on the sly! 
Shut the fuck up about democrats you retarded boomer cuckservatives. If you still give a shit about the kike controlled u. S. Govt, you're doing it wrong. 
"Three decades ago, every kid and every adult knew that the history, science, and technology, among other things, was overwhelmingly created by men. Everyone agreed that only really stupid and uneducated people uneducated at the level of retarded kids from the kindergarten could disagree with this innocent proposition. " - Lubos Motl 
Logic: If you think nigger is offensive, you're a White Supremacist. Nigger mocks Africans bc of dark skin. To be offended by nigger assumes white skin is superior. Or White races are genetically superior: i. E. , the Master Race. Big City Liberals are real White Supremacists who oppress People of Color around the globe. 
Breaking: Women are the "niggers" of the world What we have here are Liberal elites going after White women trying to turn them against their White husbands White guilt is a joke 
Well, I guess that makes this cunt a nigger. This coming from a woman who has lived a life of pampering, wealth & luxury, while receiving the utmost respect & adoration from millions of people. Are we supposed to feel bad that women bear the burden of child-birth. Is that my fault? Really? Denied education? Women go to school every day? Smh 
She is a dizzy, ignorant, crazy, nigger lovin, stupid, fuckin cunt 
I just wanna know where all the pussy-ass dudes who act like the opposite side of the retarded feminist coin came from? What in the holy fuck? Whaddaya call that shit? Mgtow? These 'men' with their soundbites and straw men? Will pick one thing you say, fixate on it, and even make it something you never even said somehow? 
No. Fairy gay faggot extraordinaire. 
Get in here cunt 
Yes, because this guy clearly wouldn't have Ever resorted to this if he hadn't been able to post on Gab. If you actually look at what he said in his final post, it seems to me most everyone was telling him Not to do retarded crap like this. 
Even buttfucking faggot Obama was more against faggotry when he first ran for office than Trump. 
Did she like the nigger rape? I heard she did. 
I find it funny that bitch cunt married to that old washed up hollywood pecker. Hasnt stepped up to fight or tommys freedom from all this torture! 
Kamel Toe Kamala is a Nigger whore and therefore not to be believed! 
How is it likely to shut down? They announced that they have already switched host. You just fuck off chicken and go suck a nigger dick don't disturb us anymore with your bullshit. 
Fags are evil retarded cock gobblers who suck at comedy. Like a fuck tonne 
Die You Evil Cunt Die You Vile Deviant Liberal Skank 
I see that Milano cunt whining, again, blaming men for everything and that all men must be rapists bcz some cunt made a false allegation 
Netflix `is really nigger faggot flix. They want to shove nigger, fag shit down America's throat! 
Oh no you were sperging out just fine for a Snitch. Go ahead. Be my guest, the fact that you are a Pest, a Retard, and a Snitch Is all now well established. Do continue your bullshit, I'll just ignore your dumb childish ass like most grown people do with retarded little short yellow bus riding children now. Have fun. 
No fuck you. Oh wait not even a nigger will that's why you are so angry. Angry fat liberal chick that no one hump. Roflmfao. 
Wigger dies in plane wreck. 
Can’t wait! Hope the ole buzzard croaks during a State of the Union address. Would serve her right if they have to cart her dead ass off in front of everyone. Classless prejudicial cunt 
Well. Cunt Why Don'T You Try Lol. All You Bitches Are Just Mouth. 
A nigger dressed as a Indian eating a taco 
Dress up as a million dollar welfare check. Lol 
This Negro is gay down low harder than your average Nigger fag. He little Richard, Liberace, what what in the butt scum bag. 
Cunt 
I'm not aligned with the Democrats. Gary Johnson is a libertarian. You've got to be retarded to think I support the Democrats when my post literally says "you should've voted for Gary Johnson". Not only are You a fucking moron, but a liar to boot. You know who is actually like a Democrat? Donald Trump. You are one stupid fuck. 
Time for that faggot to be verbally Bitch-slapped back to shainola! 
Fatty you've been watching too many movies. Yah fat ugly cunt you couldn't cut your own toe nails. Does Fran get on top when your shagging? As your an old man with a glass Jaw! Odd isnt it you threaten and do Fuck All you pantifa pussy cunt. 
How many children do you have nigger? Childless nigger homo of the Jew. 
Theres a difference between fgt faggot and gay im 2 out of 3 
Surprise its a nigger again! 
Whites can’t raise children out of their own kind. Child abuse. Africans are different than whites. Raising a mentally retard child should be commited to a mental institution. Maybe the hospital can help if not it’s long time care so she or he doesn’t hurt himself or other people. 
Paul stop being a faggot long enough to realize, you must name the jew for the sake of your people! 
Well for people that want an accurate comparison those are factors. Otherwise, carry on with the niggerfacts and muh feelz. 
You are just word salading like a faggot shitlib. Oh you're so offended. Wow, muh feelz. So are you claiming some kind of serious intention to suddenly do a meaningful analysis in the middle of boomer bashing? Why not just go for the shame tactic like a bitch? Oh, too late. Lol 
Everybody hates this faggot Its just a talentless token pushed by the media 
Oh shut the fuck up you ignorant cunt 
None. I don't live in a nigger and Jew infested city. 
That god is such a cunt, fucking with our environment, he gone and changed the climate 
Nothing to do with god it the mad scientist that play with the climate that think there god it globalist that do it not god god is only trying make thing right it weather weapons that the globalist have and it being shown how the us those weapons on has and the planet 
If women want retarded kids, let them. The rest of us will continue on and eventually colonize space leaving this planet to the retards and crazies. 
That is because they are retarded democrats lol Cnn’s Stelter, Tapper, Cillizza Silent on ‘Stripper Melania, ’ Melted Down over ‘Horseface’ 
I think my is lagging a little its 8: 36 here in Chicongo and i just saw Roddy Piper boxing a nigger with a mohawk 
Neil Basu who the fuck put that Paki cunt in charge, this is where it all goes wrong. Paki's, Nigga's and Shitskins can't run their own country's so why the fuck they running ours. All these foreign fucks and I don't give a shit if they where born here, have to go. All of them. 
Serious! Full retard mode! 
Rosie "the carpet munching queer" O'Donell and her faggot abomination kids are going to tell us how to make america great? You fucking obese ugly cow! Go Fuck Yourself! 
6- I’m sure the families of the perished, & the living victims of this terrorist attack, would love to see Robert Bowers executed by slow torture. But we Jews are better than the Nazi vermin who are deify that bastard withhashtags like. This Nazi faggot will die in prison, & when he burns in Hell, that would be G-d's ultimate justice. (more) 
> But we Jews are better than the Nazi One Robert Bowers is worth a thousand yids. 
And one Robert Bowers crawling on the floor, crying like the pussy that he is, begging the police to not shoot him anymore, is exactly what all you c*cksuckers would do in the same situation. Talk all tough behind a keyboard, but when it comes down to it, you all fold & fall like Hitler did. 
Yeah except I was listening to the police radio none of that happened. Nazis punch back motherfucker. Thought you guys would've figured that out. Hundred and 10 comes. 
Look here, dimwitted Nazi fag - do you really think they would announce that pussy's actions over the radio? Think again (if you actually can. One of my nurses has a sister who's an Rn at Upmc-Presbyterian, & her husband is a Pittsburgh police officer; he was At The Scene, & he actually Heard & Saw Bowers. Your "punchback" is about as dangerous as a rubber band. 
Was it not the jews who used to lie down and take it like bitches from the Nazis? Weren't it them who were always in bigger groups than guards looking over them who, instead of fighting back, allowed themselves to be killed? The nazis fought everyone who attacked them, they lost but it wasn't down to the jews, they were too busy hiding or already captured 
That was then, this is now - there's a reason why we say "never again. " I can't say who may or may not have been at Tree of Life, but if I was there, that Nazi fag would have been dropped quick. The Us Army didn't teach me sharpshooting for nothing, and I'm a concealed carry permit holder. That bitch would have been down, begging me for his life. 
Stupid Nazi fag, do you really think they're going to broadcast that pussy's every word & deed on police radio? One of my nurses has a sister who's an Rn in Pittsburgh & the husband is a Pittsburgh police officer; he was At The Scene & heard & saw Bowers. Your "punchback" is as dangerous as a rubber band. 
My brother knows the guy, he's got this friend saw well he didn't see it, but he was standing next to the person that saw it, & that person told him, according to him, what they saw was that. I can't believe you'd be so darn stupid as to not believe that. That's what was said was seen By the guy standing next to the friend of the brother I got that he knows. Right okay. 
Wow, are you f*cking stupid. Who said anything about the hospital? I'm talking about what "she" was doing on the floor inside ToL. He showed his true Nazi colors, crawling around from his injuries, crying & begging. Real tough, just like all of you pussies. Bring it, if you think you got something. 
I read some bullshit you wrote about my sister's brother is a cop who knows a nurse blah blah blah blah and quit reading the nonsense. You're not even a fucking Jew you stupid Khazar cunt. 
Believe what you want to believe, muppet f*cker. I'd believe my nurse any day, before I'd believe some inbred sheethead who doesn't have the brains to realize he's really a liberal being used by his slavemasters. 
Yeah. So brave of him to murder old people in a synagogue. What a guy. 
Their Bolshevik ancestors did far worse. 
What's the matter kike? Feeling the heat? 
Yes because nothing says I am a sensible adult that is a productive member of society like getting that tattooed on your ankle. All it means is you’re a fucking cunt that believes killing the unborn is justifiable. 
I'll just bet you get your talking points from hooked-nose heebs. Cunt 
Hängt die nigger auf 
Palmetto State Faggot Jew Hey guess what? I know where you live. Lolololol. 
Snoop Dogg Calls Kanye West an ‘Uncle Tom’ for Supporting America First Agenda Here is another piece of shit that deserves the noose. This garbage human and "entertainers" like him are responsible for "thug culture" in America which unsurprisingly promotes violence, prostitution, real misogyny, degeneracy, and drug use. Scum like this clown are influences on the youth of today. Music has always played a major role in influencing the minds of our children, no style of music has had as big of a negative effect as "hip-hop". The message in the music is as low and disgusting as it gets, and of course, it is very liberal. 
Dogg has smoked himself retarded. 
Gab Nazi: "Jews control the world" Me: Actually Jews only represent 0. 2% of the world's population and besides. Muslims make up 24% of the population. Do Jews control them too? Gab Nazi: ". Kike! " 
That's your only means of avoiding the question. Get fucked pussy faggot 
That's a citizen. I can tell by the cunt lip facial hair. 
I'm balancing Bored Right Now, you stupid retarded bitch. Fuck James Watt. I"M Motherfucking Max Planck. The fuck you got? 
(202) 225-5931 Dc office (617) 678-5936 Campaign office (617) 332-3333 Newton Office (508) 431-1110 Attleboro office never hurts to call and tell him that he's a gigantic faggot 
Don Lemon is a Foc. Faggot of Color. He is also proof that black men can be soyboys. 
Faggot 
Motherfucking false advertising. There's not a bit of deluded witch cunt finger at all. It's just flour and shit. I'm so disappointed! 
Go shove some "hate speech" up your ass, you kike faggot 
Nope. I'm going for the drop kick of the last hou & you're it - You Jewish Cunt Lmfao 
Dyke initiationcongrats perverts 
Subtitle: "History of a San Francisco Dyke who likes getting her nails done, Volume I" 
Remember when professional tennis was a game of respect? Was till niggers started playing. Kinda like basket ball, (Nba) Nigger Basketball Association and (Nfl) Nigger Football League. 
Get fucked nigger faggot 
If someone does not realize the Truth, this is it. White men Factually have built every proper society, and Jews have always been parasitical cancer. This is a Fact. The Racist Jews have brainwashed people of the opposite of the Truth, just like the Holohoax. Whatever the Jew accuseth, they are guilty. All wars are Jew wars and all genocides have been done by the askeNazi Jews. Nazi Jews father is the devil. People are jealous of white people and the Jew has inverted this! Give me your opinion of this truth. Attacks on the Truth will be met with authority. 
You are so Retarded child! 
What a fucking retarded liberal mangina faggot. 
So the porch monkey president is trying to take credit for the economy again 
That lowlife nigger Never did anything for our country! He will Not be allowed to take credit for what Trump has done! 
Oh God, just look at that horse face! That pathetic bitch should be sharing a cell with her dyke mother for embezzlement 
I do not want this lying cunt on Gab. Ever 
2-Door-Ford is Twatter material. 
It’s out bitch, so quit complaining, you are a two-faced cunt 
As a wee nigger rabbi I was classically trained 
Ps I hate the cunt and they hate me, maybe it's my old Edl tat? 
Elizabeth warren is so retarded. She doesn’t understand her own narrative. Race as a social construct contends race is a class you’re placed in, her taking a dna test and justifying her native Americanness via dna is reliant upon race being a biologically reality. Whether by class or biology, everybody would identify her as white 
I honestly think she believed (in good faith) all the family stories about her Indian ancestry. Growing up in Oklahoma, it might have even had some basis in reality. She listed herself as white when she applied to college and law school. It was only after the insane push for diversity that she saw how lucrative LARPing as an Injun could be. That's on her. 
Ultra liberal Trump hating faggot loving pussy. Very disappointed in Pope Francis. 
@a is a nigger lover. 
Looks like a fucking ratface faggot from the side. 
Wtf lmfao. Witch hoping to curse Justice Kavanaugh speaks out 
Wasn't this faggot claiming he was a trans muslims not that long ago? 
Okay I must complain about Fox Tv. I am watching The Cool Kids. This is a family hour comedy show. Should be kid friendly at this hour of the evening. Now I realize things have changed and morals are almost a thing of the past but this can't be allowed. These old folks are texting women for dates. I just walked in on it and heard one guy say " no one messaged me back. I came on too strong with my dong pics. Destiny is the only one who liked my dick " Now I am the last person who would complain about bad language since I am the king of foul mouth talk but this is different. This is family time Tv and screw all this crap where people can say fuck all over the place and it is acceptable. It is Never acceptable especially on Tv when kids are watching. Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, mother fucker, tits. No. And not dick, fun bags, slop hole, stink hole, brown eye, poop chute. Complain to Fox Network about this. 
*Paris* Muslime Screaming "Allahu Akhbar" Stabs Man In The Neck! Last night, in the Paris suburb of La Courneuve, around 2. 20am, a Muslim cunt attacked a man with a pair of scissors, while repeatedly shouting 'please send me home', okay, I made that bit up! Anyway, he was caught very red handed! He was also drunk 
Gary Busey's retarded mom. 
No I would have killed his crooked ass he was as sick minded as his cunt daughter is I would have had a list of people with Ace Spade's G. Hw bush would be right at the Tippity top of the fucking list. 
Hey at least i'm not a generic redneck that's a virgin, right? 
Liberalism is a mental disorder. This ugly lying cunt is a manipulator, not a victim 
I'm not dogging out trump. I am dogging out radical police state sick Tv watching pill popping conservatives that are gonna push there retarded police state war mongering onto us as the pendulum swings. 
Indeed, lets endeavor to hope they continue to do more of the same. I never stop a retard from being retarded, its often too entertaining! 
Well we all know the average porn stars cock weighs 12oz so toss her on the scales and lets see what a dirty hookers Cunt weighs! 
Dogooders always lose in the long run. He's the type that would reason with a nigger raping his wife instead of shooting him. 
Looks like a sand nigger cock in your hand 
Wtf Is Wrong With THIs Rich Bitching Jew? 
She's well nown to be a nigger loving jew. 
Another picture that is worth a thousand words. She is at an orphanage in Kenya in this photo. The kids wanted to pray for her. This is a First Lady - This is Our 1st Lady of the United States of America and I am proud to share Amen 
Fuck that shill bitch, her daughter marrying a fucking kike add her husband shilling for Israel. Cunts 
President Trump is Jewish, Shit for Brains. 
His father donated the land for the Nyc Synagogues. Jackie Mason, very Jewish and Meyer Lansky's buddy, says President Trump is more Jewish than he is. And of course, President Trump's Jewish Children. Must really suck for you, huh? Patsy. 
I've never said he wasn't Jewish. You silly idiotic thick disgraceful cunt. I said he was "allegedly" Jewish. (I don't give a fuck if he is) my sentence said he's shilling for them. And that's all I need to know. White Jewish or Nigger. A shill is a shill. 
So read the fucking gab. Before pouncing on to reply because you relish free speech. You stupid fuck. I'm an actual full on nazi with swastika tattoos. I wasn't defending him. I was just stating he shills for Israel. A white traitor is worse than a Jew. 
A retards guarantees aren't worth a turd. You complete stupid fuck the fact that whites are altruistic is our weakness you pathetic cuck. If we Were racist, we wouldn't be in this mess. People would have been up in arms after the first batch of migrants. You sanctimonious self righteous cunt 
Ok, here's a test. 1. What percentage of Europeans had white skin at the beginning of Egyptian civilization? 2. What percentage of the ancestors of Europeans were black Africans in Africa 50-60k years ago? I Guarantee you fail. 
I’m thinking the ancestors that lived in warm areas wore less clothes; and people like eskimos wore more clothes. The people more exposed to sun were darker and the people less exposed to sun were lighter. The Egyptians have many old kingdom artworks showing people of multiple skin colors. Perhaps the version of history we are given is incomplete 
In prehistory, and everywhere other than historical times in Europe, people that live in the snow have dark skin, because of the reflected light. Eskimos, for instance. The light skin is where there's not that much light, but no snow. Too light and it's cancer, not light enough and no Vitamin D. Turns out, the Egyptians that built the pyramids had light skin. Much lighter than now. They looked like Saudis/Bedouins/Jordanians/Hebrews. Lots of black Africans moved there in the last 2000 years. 
Yes; but people move around. And it’s quite obvious that eskimos have some Asian anscestory 
Oh yeah, people move around and exterminate each other, that's the big message from ancient genetics. There were two great waves of extermination in Europe, where Asians invaded and exterminated the Europeans from 8k years ago, the farmers from the Middle East 7k years ago and the Steppe Battle Ax culture 5k years ago. The white skin comes from Asia, not Europe. If you want to see the whiz-kid new head of the Max Planck Institute where all this ancient Dna sequencing started, and/or trained everyone else how to do it, explain the history of Europe, this is excellent, a good speaker. 
Anti white (and jealous) Nigger here. Spewing liberal anti white propoganda. Totally bullshit. Totally proven wrong by genetics. Out of Africa theory proven wrong by Russian geneticists. The oldest modern human ever found was in Europe. Totally debunked afrocentric Nigger bullshit 100% 
Nothing to do with Out of Africa, Downbreed, you don't even know what that is either. Please, don't tell people you are white. 
Fuck you nigger 
Faggot were the bundles of sticks used to burn homosexuals to death tied to a stake 
If the voice of your resistance is a mentally-ill drag queen, then it’s safe to say your resistance is likely equally deranged. 
A homeless man shitting on a cardboard box would make a better representative for the ‘resistance’, try to find better reps that won’t be a detriment to your cause you spastic cunts. (A spastic Cunt would also make a better rep. 
Scary but would not surprise me since I only needed to see a 5 minute interview to realize how not only retarded she is, but not even able to really carry on a conversation! 
Not the brown Kenyen faggot mask! 
Dyke 
Kill the god damned nigger scum. 
Woman on a plane means nigger word will be said This Is That Institutional racism they were talking about the trillions spent and lives lost were worth it 
Entertainment comes from clowns. Re-read your clown-shoes teenage redneck posts and realize who's doing the entertaining here. 
Isn't she the woman that adopts loads of nigger babies and thinks we should help refugees/migrants? 
Son of a bitch anti-American politicians and the retarded sheeple/Npc voters create third world sanctuary shitholes 
A big fat breeder. Just what America need. Send her fatass back to Honduras. We don't need her turning America into a stinking wetback shithole 
The alt-right of April 2017 to the present day has to be the most retarded grouping in the history of politics. A movement that refuses to acknowledge that its under attack while its hero president Trump orders his Department of Justice to wage the legal equivalent of warfare. 
We're being genocided? Who the fuck is "we" you asshole. Yoh, mother fucker Jews Are Whites. White genocide = Jew genocide and vice versa. Are you a goddamned Ree-tard? 
Oh Jesus no, Jews are Not Whites. Nope. 
As you can see in the chart, i also posted they have 40-65% Sand nigger still flowing in their nasty asses 
I'm getting a lot of nigger porn spam today! Iv been just muting but should I report? 
This vile cunt must be exterminated. 
That’s funny, the stupid cunt calls me a moron! How cute. Angela Bryant, still using that prodigy. Net email account? You obviously were not popular because of your intellect. 
Wait until they all start to cycle together at the same time then he will have to rent them a Limo from that Muzzie in upstate Ny. 
Hahaha Must read how the Muzzie Narcissistic Puppet gives himself credit for nothing -AGAINThe former president went on to explain how nobody has a better track record of caring for Christians than he does, and no other president before or since him has commanded such fear and respect on the world stage. Rotflmao funny Obama is a total Pu$$y and couldn’t put fear into a puppy - much less the world 
Because he is One Stupid Fuckin Nigger 
Once again I log on and these fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches are posting tranny porn in my timeline/ Isn't Gab banning these bloody faggots via Ip address, @a @e? 
Apparently, you have a problem in understanding something. I Don'T Want To See Fairy Gay Faggot Tranny Porn At All. I have a right to not see that shit, and I'm Not the only one that feels like this. 
I bet you're a fag who likes sucking nigger farts 
Of course the Muslim is staring at a image of the man he stiffed. Soros gave bummer millions with the understanding that the wigger would do his bidding. The Muslim took the cash and did exactly what he wanted and screwed Soros in the process. No honor amongst thieves. 
This faggot is going to like prison very much. He is going to meet the Health inspector. Ha ha ha 
Tommy is pro-Israel because they are fighting Islam too pillock. Enemy of my enemy. 
Twat, he loves them because they finance him. Book deals are a dead give away. 
I have a theory about these idiots who keep calling Tommy Jewish. They are either Right Wing Watch Trolls planting devide & conquer stories to demonize influential peoples reputations. Or they could be Muslim Trolls trying to do the same? Cause there can't be that many nutters that believe this shit. 
You’re actually worse than a Jew. You are a nigger loving white man who is complicit in the destruction of western civilization by pointing to the symptom (muzzies) as opposed to the disease (Jews) 
Do please tell us about this fancy participation trophy you stumbled upon. No one finds nigger ape skanks attractive, even nigger ape boys. It’s more likely you can’t find an attractive white woman willing to sleep with you. 
Jews advocate marrying Jews. Asians advocate marrying asians. Muslims advocate marrying Muslims. But if Whites advocate marrying whites and Not marrying fucking niggers - we’re racists! 
That isn't racist if you want to marry whites. That's your choice. What this lot on here do is call other races different species so me seeing a black girl is beastiality. Now that is slightly err racist. 
Is it racist if it’s true though? 
If it were true it would be a fact. The fact that you lot Try to make it true, when it isn't, for your own nefarious purposes makes it racist. Understand? 
This is fact: Niggers have never made anything better, anywhere in the world. 
This isn't what you were talking about is it. And non white Japanese certainly took our inventions and improved them considerably. 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
"Hitler's sister Paula was mentally retarded but she still had more brains than her brother! " Wow totally not a biased "source"! 
Wonder how many bodyguards that little faggot bitch has. 
Surprise surprise who would’ve thought the leftist antiwhite socialism Nigger is backing socialism death to the monkey and his dirty ape chimp family 
No matter how hard they try to suppress the truth it will always eventually rise to the top. This muzzie demon crat is evil and should Never be able to hold office in the United States of America! Period! 
Sand nigger looks like a dressed up turd! 
It is the same as nigger spiritism. Muh hammer. Mix in some New Age Bs as well. A true White person would not be interested. 
Aawwwww the cunt is getting a Participation Trophy Well Aint She A Special Lying Whore! 
So true! 
Yeah they’re a bunch of idiots. We could probably do without the voting rights act tho. Who needs nigger voters? The Founding Father’s certainly didn’t. The Founders believed in extremely limited democracy. Big hordes of mud voters don’t help anything. 
That’s why open democracy is stupid, whoever raises the biggest mob of idiots wins. 
Ah. The Germans, always with the wisest quotes 
I know, right? 
No wamen voters either. Or ppl who don’t contribute Fed taxes. 
Feckless Cunt 
@a @e Ability to both upvote And downvote posts. [This one is hilarious for who they're censoring, so an upvote, but retarded for the reason why, thus downvote. ] Thanks 
Global Political Analysis > Muted? You have the soul of a left - retard child woman. You mute everyone when shit hits the fan because you cannot deal with the real world. I was not attacking you, I was attacking people who rely on experts. Who are you? 
A few things here. Let's get real. This woman is from Africa. And. This is not meant as an affront. Do you think that all white women look like this And that they will date you merely because you are also white? Kinda vapid. 
White women look better than mud women. 
Who wants to hook up with an ugly person? Do you hook up with ugly guys if they have nice personalities? The average white woman is prettier than the average darkie. That's why the mud men are always drooling whenever they see a white woman pass by. 
This is why civilized people hesitate to join Gab. These leftist white supremacists are Insane. 
I dont know what that means so i wont lie 
Conservatism is based on respect for the individual. One cannot claim to judge others based on skin color and call themselves conservative. 
Conservitism means throwing away all of your traditional white values for faggots and brown people. If it worked this country would still have the demographics of the fifties. 
This makes no sense. The Welfare State, born in 1965, was pure leftism. 
Are you really this dull? The left is an extremist ideology. If you do not counter it with another extreme ideology you will lose. This is why conservitism is no longer valuable. 
Oh. Down is the new Up. I see. 
Your going to lose and when you do you will bend to the will of those who rule you. I promise 
"You're". It is a contraction of the words, "you" and"are". "Your" is a possessive pronoun. Homophones are hard. They're harder when you're stupid. 
This is an attempt for a conservative to debate me. Notice the lack of an argument. Also notice the amount of beta male orbiters are following this thot. This is a problem in our society 
And you attempt to get someone to actually care about your babble. Ha! 
Apparently I care more about my race and nation than you. You are a faggot that follows around married women on the internet. 
Andrew Jackson would never let a Nigger put on a minstrel show in his office or near his person in any formal setting as it would gravely disrespect the office 
Bob, you've crossed the line. We all know your Mom was fat, flagellant, inbred limey ho', but our First Lady is finer than any Brit ever produced. So sad, you've really been going down hill in the last couple of weeks, and I guess you decided you just wanted to swim with the shit sucking Moozlum Royals of Britanistan. 
Libs need to stop sucking nigger dick it is affecting their brain. 
She likes being obedient to her handlers, she will make a good muzzie 
You are a retard when it comes to history. Must be a lefty. 
She’s the greasiest Nappy headed nigger on the planet 
Note the irish flag, what faggots, with a faggot leaders x2 president and prime minister. Pathethic country of loser faggots. 
Nah, just a retarded nigger. 
Good riddance to (churchill's) statues. He was a jew-loving militant cuck who murdered the Aryan race for the sake of rabid semitism and demonism. He was a degenerate fat faggot on top of it. 
The Jews and Democrats have no shame! They can only Lie! But their constituents are so Retarded they do not know! 
So. You feel that it is important and a magnanimous decision to declare to the world that you are obsessed with your rectum, and the rectum of your no doubt multiple faggot loversslow clap: Yay for you! Bahahahahahaha! 
No. They are living normal lives, and hopefully having lots of little white babies. Because our race in woefully in decline. 
It’s like a nigger saying race is a social construct. We’re all humans. Affirmative Action for poor black minorities! Communism is always AntiWhite. 
Oh look it turns out the head shop was robbed by two niggers with stupid-sounding names and a fat unattractive coal burner. It's literally the least surprising news ever! 
Look at those retarded spooks. And they wonder why they are called niggers. Iggnorant pos \ 
This cunt attacks our Flotus? A low life bitch who has mental issues and at best is a clown jester for the hunger games bullshit. 
The degenerate, low-life cunt should be serving a prison sentence and the funds used to pay for her upkeep. 
Sometimes yeah well ya know ya gotta b a commie and silence ppl for noticing things. Essentially what ur saying. Ur a faggot an ur enemies won’t share ur cowardice. 
What a shitlib cunt 
This faggot has taken one too many in the anal cavity. 
"free speech should have limits" said the faggot "No! " said everyone else. Go back to twitter corey, be with your kind. 
Loaning money, Lol. Jews do more than just "loan money" ffs. I know. Forget yinon and kalergi. Silly us. Yeah, focus on Muslims goyim. Nwo. He's coming for ya. Lmfao 
Here is another person naming the jews behind the islamiphication you all hate whilst I carry out jew agenda. Deflection and projection is what I do goyim. There, corrected it for you 
You still havent answered my question. My Islamic filth radar is emitting noise now. Is that verse with the crushed whites in the picture true or not? Muhammad copied allot of jewish doctrine and so kiddy fiddling is also applicable as well. That's one of the reasons why islamonazis fuck our kids in such large numbers. 
Wow. Being a conservative hetero white guy really sucks right now. Gee. Maybe I should try being a stupid ass fucking black lesbian jew muslim illegal spic lgbtq asshole for a while. 
Another retard comment by Wroblewski the cockeyed hunched back no neck fat ass faggot. 
And the cunt has a blue checkmark. Of course 
Another picture that is worth a thousand words. She is at an orphanage in Kenya in this photo. The kids wanted to pray for her. This is a First Lady - This is Our 1st Lady of the United States of America and I am proud to share Amen 
Fuck that shill bitch, her daughter marrying a fucking kike add her husband shilling for Israel. Cunts 
President Trump is Jewish, Shit for Brains. 
His father donated the land for the Nyc Synagogues. Jackie Mason, very Jewish and Meyer Lansky's buddy, says President Trump is more Jewish than he is. And of course, President Trump's Jewish Children. Must really suck for you, huh? Patsy. 
I've never said he wasn't Jewish. You silly idiotic thick disgraceful cunt. I said he was "allegedly" Jewish. (I don't give a fuck if he is) my sentence said he's shilling for them. And that's all I need to know. White Jewish or Nigger. A shill is a shill. 
So read the fucking gab. Before pouncing on to reply because you relish free speech. You stupid fuck. I'm an actual full on nazi with swastika tattoos. I wasn't defending him. I was just stating he shills for Israel. A white traitor is worse than a Jew. 
A retards guarantees aren't worth a turd. You complete stupid fuck the fact that whites are altruistic is our weakness you pathetic cuck. If we Were racist, we wouldn't be in this mess. People would have been up in arms after the first batch of migrants. You sanctimonious self righteous cunt 
Ok, here's a test. 1. What percentage of Europeans had white skin at the beginning of Egyptian civilization? 2. What percentage of the ancestors of Europeans were black Africans in Africa 50-60k years ago? I Guarantee you fail. 
Why do you keep "guaranteeing" things that can't possibly be guaranteed. You sound like a used car salesman. Fucking twat. Tutankahumn was white. Genetically. So probably take ruling class at least were white. (Not that any of this is even relevant) Fucking tool 
I asked what color skin Europeans at at the Beginning of Egyptian civilization, not King Tut. That's a fail on question #1, 100% of Europeans had black skin like an African at the time. Ok, want to try question #2? 
Bull fucking shit they did. You stupid Nigger. That can't possibly be proved. Russian genetisicts disproved the out of Africa Theory yes Theory. You jealous Nigger 
Ok, here's your medicine, say hi to gramps in the lower left hand corner. 
Do you know where Eurasia is. You stupid fucking Nigger? No wonder Niggers have the lowest Iq. Of all races on earth. Thick fucking ape 
Yeah, Eurasia is Europe and Asia, Downbreed. (Dumb as a box of rocks) 
You're the one who's dumb. You fucking retarded Nigger. Again this proves on a genetic level, that humans Did Not originate from Africa. Otherwise all humans would possess the same ancient Dna. 
We don't all possess the same Dna, Europeans are 2% Neanderthal, 98% African. Africans are 100% African. 
In reality, it's those retards that voted for them in the first place. State-run institutions used to dot the Country and they were full, now the State pays the retard Social Security and they run free. Retards I Tell You! 
Retard and nigger now back to twatter. 
Not going to bother to play this video, that cunt Behar turns my stomach. 
Fuck That Retarded Bitch 
So glad these retarded super geniuses are on our side, for real. Based autism is a horror to behold if you call down the wrath. 
Im 100% for 2 rounds right between the eyes for this cunt and bill the pervert lets roll 
Rhetorical skills! You must be a genius and captain of your college debate team. Also so what if I'm a faggot? Maybe i'm the biggest faggot on Gab! You still can't maintain your on-line persona for five minutes without giving away your male identity and the fact that you are not liberal. 
I said You All were retarded faygets. You included 
Thank god a smiling nigger detreoit just rebuilt itself 
Ugly cunt 
That those shows are you brighter than an 8 year old then after the show we getting jimmy savile to fuck than annoying cunt so yes brit fam are so much better 
That is why you don’t give a nigger an inch. The nigger is out there, it cant be bargained with, it cant be reasoned with, it doesn't feel pity or remorse or fear, and it absolutely will not stop. Ever, untill you are dead! 
Right wingers are Retards. Not stupid or misinformed - Full On Mentality Retarded Sheep. Fuck trump. Fuck all the Racsit fascist Nazi kkk filth that support him. 
Based on all your rantings, I believe you are the full retard 
Which dissidents? The establishment is retiring, mccain is dead, giving trump a chance to "reach across the aisle" to democrats is dumb as fuck. So yea, shut up nigger let the white folks handle this 
People need to understand it's not the immigration. It's the Jew doctors killing you off. The reason for immigration is to replace the European who was murdered by his doctor. 
Are you a faggot? 
Nuther Stupid Nigger 
. Go Eat a Bag of Dick's, You Fucking Retarded Antiqueefa Cuck Boy! 
The alt right got me to stop smoking the nigger weed. Between opiates and weed, and big pharma kites want everyone anesthetized. The last thing they want is coherent organized resistance 
God awful ugly cunt 
I keep using 'master' and 'slave' in my engineering drawings. Have been called out on it a few times lol. My response is that using other terms is retarded and I am not retarded lol. "but the manufacturer does not use master and slave" "yea well I do" 
Jack dorksey is a fucking retard & should be fined for fake news! Tune into Infowars Banned Midterm Election Coverage 8-10 Pm Cst to get the full breakdown. 
It happened in Turkey, and they’re all playing the caliphate game. Every1wants to be the head raghead when their prophetic events come to pass. Despite all the nonsense about Muslim solidarity, there are huge divisions beyond just the Sunni Shi’a thing. Arabs look down on non Arabs. My suspicion is more about our media’s sudden fixation on story. 
See. This is bullshit. We shouldn't have to live in fear of having our shit ruined by some faggot 23 year old in skinny jeans & dreadlocks. We need to fix it, because these people are like a cancer & if we leave it untreated it's going to spread & rot this country from the core. 
All of a sudden this traitorous deep state Zionist faggot (who is pals with Isis) is a hero to conservatards. Lindsey is scum. He likes Kavanaugh because Kav is a Patriot Act kind of guy. The kind of guy who will support the CIAs worst excesses. Fuck that queer. 
Now I'm not saying send him a campaign donation, but can you not be a faggot when he points out the communist jews hate white people? He's a politician, jew money is leaving the republican party, why promote the party the jews are heading over to? 
95% of jewish money went to obama re-election campaign, cool story though. Not sure how that helps your argument about dems being less kiked than gop 
And Israelis support Trump over Obama by an overwhelming margin. The Gop is more kiked than the Dems when it comes to Israel. 
That's funny, that spic bernie fan got beaten down pretty fast for denying israel. Republican voters are less kiked, trump is making dem kikes more openly antiwhite which is accelerationist without letting the party who gets way more jew money in power. Do you want to get exterminated in an american bolshevik revolution or what? Why give the jews more power? 
The war has already begun: 1: You do not own any movie, It's licensed to you, even if you purchase the Dvd or BluRay legally 2: You do not own your games that you legally purchase and paid for, you are only leasing them 3: You do not own any music you buy, whether it be Cd's or ITunes, you are merely renting them 4: You do not own your laptop or computer if it's running Windows 10, you are merely renting the license to use it, but it does not belong to you 5: You do not own your iPhone, or any Apple product, even if you purchase it legally, for the above mentioned reasons 6: These retarded laws also apply to some car models you buy. Soon this madness will spread everywhere, where you Will Not own anything, no private property, no land, no cars, no purchases. Sounds a lot like Communism. 
Oh, so you're saying this is where we're heading, but that's not the case now? Nobody's trying to say we don't own what we have bought and paid for? 
I don't subscribe to all that. Free spirit. My laws are made by God. I avoid the system as much as poss. Don't own, rent. Barely had an injection (inc at school - ran away/hid. Back then no teacher noticed. Don't take medication, even Panadol. The criminal gov & its psychos can get fucked. Unless they arrest or shoot me, there's Fa they can do to control me. 
I've already had my phase of thinking libertarianism and anarchy were the answer. Happier to have normal people get into government and fix things, as Trump & Co are doing. But when we are again under tyrants, (as I am in my country) I'll be happier to revolt and hang the communists from trees. 
The things listed are what is already the case, we don't legally own most of what we pay for. The implication is that it will only get worse until private property is abolished. 
The implication is that a bunch of criminal fuckwit psychopaths who use trickery to abuse their power need to be hung from fucking lamp posts! 
In reality, we do not Even own our Paid-Off Homes. According to the Act of 1871, which changed a few key words in our Constitution, to return the Us to control by the Robber Baron Banksters of the Queen of England, who Still owns whole countries and their citizenry. And it relegates every American to Her Peon. 
And Mueller's treacherous, costly Coup. Leads all the way back to this insatiably greedy, totally degenerate, Queen "Mother". Through Cambridge Analytica. Bing "Royal Family Pedophilia", "Royal Family Cannibalism", "Rare 1967 Record Exposes the Illuminati". 
@ Nancy: Preach! Some of us pick up what you are laying down ) 
Can still get some vidya to own, but thats pretty much just limited to whatever you can find on gog. Just imagine the meltdown cunts are gonna have if steam ever decides its not gonna continue operation. 
Three filthy cunt bags 
I'm not surprised look at who you are talking about. 1 is a faggot, 1 is a nigger whore, 1 is a jap, 1 is a jew whore. 
If anyone's stupid enough to buy a car from this nigger I got some real jew skin lamp shades to sell ya. 
When Abbot deposed Thurdbull it was over the left wing lunatics in Libs party and Coal power, so, it has been done again, and That communist Cunt Shortarse better take a note; ### Coal is still the 3rd biggest expert earning income you deformed motherfucking Union thief and a thug 
Stupid faggot 
No, I'm not a nigger lover like you Antifa faggots. 
Stupid c*t. 
Quit kissin nigger ass, when they raise hell against whites, they get a free pass, like Whoopie Goldburg 
A special place in hell? Many retarded perverse christ-insanity fairy tale believers have told me that there will be a special place in hell for me. Others assure me that all of the hell that the kike spook in the sky created is special & it's a dry heat. Should I be proud to be special or frightened? Better yet I'll laugh at the fools. 
Thank you so much! I appreciate the warm welcome and help. I love the free speech, but getting called a tedious cunt for asking the question above, well that was odd, but so as life goes, lol! 
Rien d'étonnant Je déteste tou(te)s les blanc(he)s qui pleurent la mort de ce nigger 
I'm not a mediocre cunt I just like annoying cunts like you 
Little ralph, listen up kid, the career choices are food, living hot water bottle or spic gimp, whats it gonna be? 
I used to think in retarded analogies like this. There are Americans and there are leftists. Americans produce surplus wealth. Leftists suck up welfare and try to sabotage the entire country. 
With liberal tears comes nigger rioting. 
And the faggot cops do nothing. 
Maybe you should fucking kill yourself, you white trash? 
Maybe you should fuck off you nigger apologist 
Wtf? Nigger land whale! 
Lindsey Graham is a little punkass faggot bitch who runs his mouth for his corporate donors. He's a pathetic loser 
I like how this faggot is absolutely frothing over you, and he's willing to carry on the most indirect cross-platform "conversation" i've ever seen. But is too gutless to start a gab account and do it directly you scared edward? 
Islam isn't the enemy, Shlomo. Muslims don't own Facebook. So Muslims are not pushing the homosexual agenda. Muslims don't own Youtube. So it is not the muslims pushing abortion. Muslims don't own Apple. So it is not them pushing spying on everything. You won't fix anything by chasing Muslims. Jews are the enemy. 
Told you guys. The Jew haters love Islam. Just like the other socialists on Twitter. It isn't Jews raping their way across Europe is it. It isn't Jews bombing, shooting, knifing and lorrying people across Europe. It isn't Jews beheading people in the Middle East. Jews get on fine with everyone. Islam gets on with no-one. Even itself. 
Wouldn't be surprised if some of these NatSoc accounts are Muhammadans mate. Get them on Twitter too, pushing their Islamo-Marxism. Halal-Kitty is a Muhammadan called Niliyyah Rashhid. Joker is Sameed Dahmi. TellMamaUK is run by an Islamic. 
Why is this nigger even allowed to be alive? 
East German Nazi Angela Merkel just released a 9-11 conspirator & flew him back home to Morocco to plan more attacks in America. He should have faced Military Tribunal & Executed, but Our Head Muslim, Democrat Party & the U. N. Said No. 
Is it just me or do you people get more retarded by the day? 
We have a faggot here? Faggots should never be allowed into Gab. 
If this socialist retard wins, I will be shocked. Then again, watch the lame stream media and he is an angel. 
390 days after the Las Vegas shooting we know nothing about the shooter's motivations. Yet people think a casino nigger mailed out fake bombs because he is a magapede. Where is the skepticism? 
What a fukin faggot 
Bloody muzzie should not be working in Kfc if he hates bacon. 
No one should be buying Kfc simply because they serve halal. Muzzie population is small, that financial hit would cripple them 
Verbally abusive, unruly, repeated using of the dreaded N-word. Southwest Airlines had to throw off a Nigger screaming the word like they do a thousand times over and over like retards when they are chimping-out! Hahahaha! How awkwardp 
1. Chelsea is a cunt ( I state the obvious) 2. She was a cunt at 15 with braces while daddy gave Lewinsky the cigar. 3. She should not have been off limits to ridicule. 
Comments attached to posts made block necessary. I had some Christian fucking faggot post Bible verses to every one of my posts. Another parasite with no following attempted to use my posts as signal boost by commenting on all of them. These vermin are not my friends and I don't want their cancer attached to my work. 
We're not going to get through this thing until people realize that our brothers and sisters are not our enemies. Men and women are here to help each other. The fact that in the current system they have been pitted against one another is evidence that we are living under foreign rule. 
>expecting women to help men Goddamn, is such a cringe. 
"Jokes on you, I'm already a faggot! " Nice save. 
Not as good as redirecting onto someone's avatar. Teach me how to be a mighty faggot, senpai. 
"Please don't acknowledge my name, my avatar, or my header, I'm just ironically promoting some gayass Reddit shit! " If you had anything of substance to say, I'd respond to that. 
"I'm just a troll, don't take me seriously, don't shit on my retarded ideology! " Trolls don't admit they're trolls. You aren't trolling, you're shitposting your genuine beliefs while cowardly escaping criticism through false claims of irony. 
The grovelling to women, male feminist beta, cries out in pain as he punches himself in the face, for his white aryan princess in wheatfields. & still cant get a white whore to fuck him. Lol 
Keep crying male feminist, beta faggot, white whores will always refuse to fuck you. Lol 
You work for Renegade. Sinead is a coal burner. You should tag her in the pics of her hugged up with black men. 
You didn't make any criticisms, you started spergin out, like a man confident in his conviction would. Im not escaping your weak bantz, I'm telling you they are toothless. 
Shut up faggot. 
I live in Tn. Tell me when you get here. I'll give you directions. You'll be killed though. If you think I'm going to let your faggot diseased ass hug on me you're tripping. I will put a hollow point between your eyes. Come on if you have a death wish. 
Cunt may needs to hang. 
Not being a faggot conservative loser is obviously part of Brad's agenda, , you fucking little faggot. 
Let's not forget Mr. Smack-my-bitch-up and That Faggot "I Am Spartacus! " Mulato I-write-about-raping-my-little-bitch-girl-at-15-years-of-age-in-my-dairy Booker. 
They better catch that fucking nigger buck savage. 
This fucking puke looks like a sick chicken fucking hillbilly child molester I have no doubt this freak just looking Hom I get a gut feeling, Burn his house and Spray Graffiti on his car & business office like these rats pukes do to us 
4/ Or specifically with the white supremacists who find the Npc meme awesome, how is "diversity is our strength" any different from "love your race"? It's like two sides of the retard coin. (Or actually the same side, since white supremacy and white nationalism originated from the Democrat party, which they hate to acknowledge) 
Do you realize the founding fathers were white nationalists? Citizenship was for whites only. Btw, they also kept negroes chained up out back. Your boomer logic has no basis in reality, turn off Rush and try reading a book published prior to 1965 
Lol, white supremacist logic, guys. "Founders owned slaves, so they were white supremacists. " That's the keen analytical mind of a white supremacist taking history and distilling it into an incorrect conclusion that even a retard could understandD 
The same way I explain everything you said: I just actually understand history instead of being like a retard trying to bang a round peg into a square hole like you. You're obviously mentally retarded, which explains the white supremacist thing. 
Yeah, your reasoning is profound. I'm sure you believe they were for fag marriage and would want Ar's banned as well 
Notice how this retard's argument collapsed into rubble, so now he's oddly trying to talk about gay marriage, like some homo. 
No faggot, it's called drawing parallels 
No, it's called "you lost so now you're trying to be wrong about something else. " 
Your convictions are so weak they change in any given day depending on who you're trying to virtue signal for. 
Your intelligence is so weak that you write about how George Washington was fighting a war to get rid of brown people from America. 
Show me where nonWhites were granted citizenship prior to 1865 
Show me where they weren't. 
Uh, like I posted the 1st time, Naturalization Act of 1790. 
No, according to you he was fighting for it 
Anything other than male or female is a retarded gender. 
That little faggot needs to be aborted. 
Too late. He's been out of the womb and been living in his parent's basement. He needs Aids. 
Soon enough, demoKKKrats will be calling for child euthanasia just after they allow pedophilia. Mark my words. 
Proud Boys being led by a faggot 
Antfia Soy Boys being led by a Million Faggots. 
Faggot 
You think spamming my email is trolling? Stupid faggot with 4 swipes to the right everything was gone. Again you are a failure if you thing that's trolling. 
Really ) I pwn you faggot bitch ) 
You mean you're mad ) 
Lol You try so hard. I pwn you ) 
I'm not even doing anything. The simple fact that you think you "pwned" me by spamming while I sit here and do nothing is really hilarious. You dont understand what trolling means if you think this is winning. Lmfao 
Oh, You stretch your ass for just such an occasion? Lol 
Lol 
I make you so mad you can't take it, faggot ) 
Sure I'm just so angry, my little dancing monkey. 
Only a used up street whore makes up names for a crack baby like Shonterikka. 
And to think we have to put up with all this stupid, lowlife crazy nigger shit! 
Yeah you need to forget about the fact we put your Slavic filthy grandparents in concentration camps don't you? We wanted no part of you, and the same striking ignorance rears its head again you don't read and it shows. Now this lowlife Slav Cunt wants to tell us about Mein Kampf and German policy you're not white and ya can't read. Coincidence? 
Fuckin hell you managed to find 3 white paedophiles wow. Considering white people make the majority in the Uk it looks like ya struggling a Fact for you Muslim males make up around 4 % of Uk population but are Accountable For 90 % Of Child Grooming Cases, I can supply a damn sight more paki paedos than you can. 
Walk right in cunt and I will slam the door. 
It's not unconstitutional but it's retarded 
A man that knows the truth. I would add its not retarded for any civil persons that seek to operate in commerce & Ucc, limited liability, corporate profit, & discharge of debt. For any man operating in natural/common law its retarded, but they don't use it anyway 
That's pretty typical of faggot loud mouths 
More nigger fucker stories. Everybody’s favorite. Yay. 
During Obama's term my government gave the clinton foundation tens of millions in donations to get our Pm some time with Hillary and Obama's top ranking people. That is how the Democrats did international trade with small nations. Do not let this little cunt negotiate trade deals for you. She will only do a deal that benefits her own wallet. 
McConnell has to do this and i think graham and tom cotton are pissed, , , they see what is happening and look how much graham has changed since that cunt mcCain died, , McCain was a problem so is flake and corker i would purge the lot of them 
Europe is in course for civil war we all know it, , , i dont have believe lbc obriens bullshit statistics i believe my own eyes and the demographics, , that cunt hasnt seen what i have because he lives in a secure liberal bubble, , 
Psycho Cunt is lying. She'd have blood running in the streets. 
Red Ice have redeemed themselves with this latest video! I apologize profusely to Henrik and Lana for suggesting that they have turned into Zionist gatekeepershere they expose Zionists Alex Jones (and his tranny porn) and call out super-Zionist Trump! Excellent show with Adam Green. Outstanding! 
That fatass faggot said "Uss Liberty Happened "a long time ago"" so he discounted it, well you know what you fucking faggoty ass israeli shill? The Holohoax Also Happened A Long Time Ago. Fucking Fucker! So that faggot fatass jew dick sucking piece of shit needs to keep his fucking mouth shut! 
Wait, lol which " faggot fatass jew dick sucking piece of shit" are we talking about? Trump? Jones? Who? 
Lol a nigger did something worthwhile 
Just another reason I turned off Fox news Another Liberal twat 
Filthy wetback communists 
Hmm, lets see couple of followers, couple of posts, following no one, sounds like a retard and perfect mute candidate 
Let's go lover. Finish with that nigger dick so I can annihilate you some more. What's wrong? You scared. Figures. Or was it past you widdle bed-time? Mommy had to tuck you in? Don't ever try to troll me fool - you don't even know how. Lol! 
No, He Doesn't Need A Fuckin Time Out, What Is This Faggot Facebook, Twitter Or Instagram? Someone Kneecap This MotherFucker, Shatter His Ankle, Stab His Kidney, Something Short Of Death, Just To Fuck Up His Life Completely, He'll Be Depressed, Attempt Suicide, Fail, Become Partially Paralyzed, Need A Colostomy Bag, He'll Die Painfully Of Organ Failure 
Everytime you see a nigger in a car scream they stole your culture. Same the same if they have a Tv, tale a train and especially them 300 sows with blonde hair. 
Niggers 
Fucking niggers Fucking nigger parents that raised them. Brain shocks at a mental institution 
I was down on my luck 2 years ago and had to go to the local food bank in town. One day I was there, there was this spic bitch in front of me who had the latest iPhone she kept texting on. Pissed me right Tf off. And I wasn't the only one who noticed. 
It is truly appalling to me that the unhinged loons among us think this behavior is acceptable in any way. I'm not sure how to approach this to rearrange deranged, no boundary thinking of these libz but we must find a way ~ make it harsh, swift and painful. Rather like getting the attention of a jackass. Never in my life have I seen this behavior exhibited toward a First Lady in our country and it cannot be tolerated. The deranged do this to make their insignificant, dull lives and persons seem to be more than they are, when in reality it proves their emotionally stunted, retarded ignorance and lack of growth. I find Melania to be an amazing woman. 
In Twitter Jail for 7 days for using the word Retarded lmfao yet they can make comments about peoples death all day on the liberal side Twitter has sure become pussified ]: P 
April Ryan Says Us ‘Not Safe’ For Journalists This nigger is right. She and her friends are not journalists though. America is Not safe for Real journalists. Just like how Facefuck is deleting all Real news sites. These propagandists like April Ryan need to be deported to the bottom of the ocean. It should not be safe to constantly Lie to the public. These propagandists should be hung for treason. 
Fuck! Fuck! Noo! The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America! Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court! You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites! And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
Typical Moriqua, anti-LaRazza faggot trying so hard to Lie his ass off to Appease the white Neighbourhood! 
Don't forget that the Fbi was run by a perverted faggot for decades. 
Oh look it sell out evil Labour cunt ed ball that took top secret files of Uk and gave it all to junker Hitler funded group every thing he should look at up and hanged 
Feckless cunt Nancy Pelosi has no idea what morality is. She calls a border wall "immoral" as if twenty million muthah-fuckahs have the right to invade the Us bringing disease and crime along with them. Hey, Pelosi, you cunt, a wall helps protect Real Americans. By your moral values, it seems one could back a truck up to your home and load up all of your property. 
I don't mean this as an insult to gays, but this is the biggest fucking faggot I've ever seen. 
And we should happy about that. The islam is more dangerous then jewish people. Dont believe me. Come to Europe and watch for youreself. No problem with jews, but with islam. 
The Muslims would be no problem at all if they stayed in their homelands. But The Jews who control your nations open your borders to the Muzzies after the Jews have the Us invade Muzzie nations. It's called "Invade & Invite" and it's the Kikes who run it. 
If this faggot doesn't like America than the faggot can get the fuck out of America. ( angry ) 
Aids Faggot 
Faggot 
That fucking faggot probably delivered the packages himself Notice no device exploded Typical Saul Alinsky tactic by Dems 
Democrats aren't just stupid, they actuall have no intelligence at All! This is how their mind doesn't function! They are really programmed robots! Democrats are all Retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons. Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place. Most immigrants fall into this category. The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling. They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function. Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet. They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive. All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway. They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction. Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather. They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains! 
Indeed, blacks aren't smart but that doesn't mean they are completely stupid. Even a nigger can see what Jews are like. I agree. I bet she is, just below the surface of the. Waters. I'll show myself out. 
In my 4th day of twitter ban since i called Zoe Quinn a Retard totally worth it. Would call her retard again! 
This treasonous traitorous Hollywood Tramp needs to shut up about our President Trump and Judge Kavanaugh we will never forget what she did to the Pows in Vietnam 
I was trying to watch some game of thrones and this harpy's film was on and i swear to god it was jut a 'me me me me me me me' bs fest. My god this cunt loves herself. 
Their just all retarded Commiecrats. 
To Amy Schumer, Alyssa Milano, Rose McGowan and Linda Sarsour You're all twat, cunt fuck bags that have No understanding of the shit you spew. Rot in Hades haggs! 
Israel and her dual minions did 9-11! Sand niggers are not smart enough to wipe their own asses! A retard who insetigate can figure it out in a couple hrs on the net. 
The picture isnt opening for me So let me guess who Canadas faggot trudeau? 
Kjv bible involved Rabid rabbis translating aka making shit up for the gentile goyim 
What do have to do with the? 
The question is: why would this red nigger give a fuck about your stupid white man's Bible bullshit? Durp! 
Behind 
Time to look into that cunt from Alaska, see if she took bribes, or if she's just a man hating closet lesbian. 
No there wont you cunt get over it 
Fuck off cunt. I'm Female. You're just another racist Jew hater. Go play with the nazis here you love so much, cunt 
As a Conservative, I hate the Alt-Right because they post memes, disrespect Jewish people, and often mock God (like the liberals. This Non-Playable Character meme was created by the Alt-Right. Apparently MikeMaverickAG is an Alt-Right nigger for posting Npc memes on my channel. Alt-Right are no different from liberals, they are absolutely bat guano. 
Bäckerei-Überfall durch Nigger ist laut Barley immer Mundraub 
Cressida Dick said that accusing Sir Craig Mackey of cowardice was "confused, unpleasant, personalised and ignorant" and was "simply not supported by the evidence". But the same nasty dyke calls all white woking calss racist and far right. Hypothetical left wing liberal traitors 
I wish this milquetoast faggot would overturn Roe v. Wade. We'll never see it happen. Still, grats on not letting the screeching cunts on the left ruin this guy's career. 
This cunt is from the Simpsons not really he is Lord of the rings Rothschild his family have fro. Year dot has done every evil this earth as every seen right from Jesus Christ was killed because of this demon family there depopulation all human s part from them these are the devil 
Yeah. That's what a faggot looks like! 
Steve Perry Oh Sherrie I dont even like this song but it came to mind so here ya go niggers 
Fuck off faggot 
Crying like a nigger Crying like a nigger Crying like a nigger 
Faggot 
While the sentiment is cute and all, you have to be fucking retarded to go barefoot all year long where I live (in Sweden that is. Have fun when it's -20 Celsius and much of the ground is either covered in snow or ice, I bet you lose interest in that pretty damn quickly. Shoes were invented for a reason, use them when needed. 
Thanks for list retard 
How many children did he rap and killed and got away with it evil cunt hope he still rotting in he'll 
Don't be Sara. Never go Full Retard 
I don’t know who Sara is but I know Muslims when I see them 
Hey Dyke bitch Rosie. Remember when you mooned a camera crew at your florida island home when they were doing a documentary on celebrities in Fl? Millions of people were taken ill seeing your fat, unwashed, pimply ass! 
The reason she is a lesbian is no man would touch that. 
Make the N-word Nigger again! 
Another weeble id like the be dyke kyke and oirish that paddy cliché needs to be culled 
Who gives a shit what this field nigger has to say? Now put your back into it Boy or I’ll hobble your dope smokin ass. 
Hope some one get him and chop his head of evil cunt monster s 
As a self-identified goy spic faggot I'm deeply insulted by your erasure of my identity. I need white straight male allies to back me up on this one 
It's amazing how many people, some of them very well read and well versed in history, still absolutely, without a doubt Insist that Whites will be able to completely take over the system without violence. Nigger are we living in the same dimension, because you are Fucking Delusional. 
Join me at the Old Bailey, London, as early as you can make it, on Tuesday 23rd October 2018 to support Tommy Robinson as the Tory Government try to put him in prison, for exposing their covering up the true extent of child rape by Mohammedans in the Uk. They do this because their death cult allows it and Tommy wants Islam exposed for the harm it does, while the Governments push "Diversity" and flooding our country with these barbaric people. 
Terrorists hate preacher amjan Choudhury gets released from jail today 2 1/2 years into a 6 year sentence Tommy Robinson goes to court on the 23rd and will more than likely be jailed for the Crime of telling the truth the British government have got their priorities all wrong they do not stand with the majority they stand with terrorists that is not a government 
So its up to us to stand together at the Trial and fight like the Mohammedans do for their cult. We must stop being docile and get out in the open to oppose this. Be there and stand with me on the 23rd. Talk is not enough now! 
I'm going to be in London anyway on Tuesday and to be honest with you this is way bigger than just Tommy Robinson this is our country at stake but hey people are too interested in the X Factor Come Dancing Emmerdale EastEnders and Coronation Street to be bothered to save their country 
And tommy is too busy trying to make white men angry at the end result, but will never point his followers to the cause. (predictable) supportrefugees. Org. Uk/about-2/about/ 
My point is you're a cunt you're probably not even British you probably support anjam Chowdhury Hezbollah Hamas and radical Islamic terrorism afterall you support refugees that tells everybody everything they need to know about you terrorist 
They're not refugees 1% of so called refugees are from Syria the rest are from Eritrea Nigeria Pakistan Ethiopia Sudan and Somalia not refugees Invaders and 99. 999% are fighting age males not refugees invader's so you support terrorists. 
"Hur dur dur, he doesn't worship kikes, he has to me a Muslim" Said the Hasbara kike 
You're either a Muslim or a Jew which is it stop hiding behind the bullshit and be honest are you jew or are you a Muslim you see you keep giving yourselves away you use Jewish words like goy kike 
Breitbart Kike, Playing Hasbara games. Because Only Hasbara tier groups are trying to force the narrative that white Europeans are not allowed to dislike Both Muslims and the Jews who bring them. 
Still triggered are we and that's just the picture for my profile that's not me and it still doesn't change the fact you are a Cunt or the fact that the so called refugees are 99. 999% fighting age males whow are raping killing their way across Europe wherever that shit death cult religion touches becomes a war zone. 
And that still doesn't change the fact that the Jews are bringing the Muslims supportrefugees. Org. Uk/about-2/about/ You kikebart shill 
It's the kikes andrew! You dozy britbong pansy 
Hes pretending to be (andrewbreitbart) says it all to be honest. 
Exactly. I had someone dressed as ab yesterday who keeps telling me the people in my posts are jewish. I called him up on this and he muted me and told me to fuck off? 
You are pathetic your argument is void and calling me silly names is part and parcel of being on the internet so it's water off a Duck's back look I found a photograph of you 
Free Them ALLThe Truth Fears No Investigation: Please Post-Everywhere 
Dindu nuffins dindu nuffin but get a shiny medal and fat cash prize. First Obongo and now these two. They should change the name of their shiny du nuffin medal to the Nigger Pandering Prize. 
Hey Dc, stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Here's the cunt responsible in your neck of the woods Sweden. 
Just looking at that pencil-necked faggot makes my blood boil. 
'Mangina' Mayer goes on a anti men rant. 
I never seem to know who these clowns are. But now I know who Mayer is. He's a faggot 
Lmfao I love hitting the no sound button when that nigger pops up. 
Fucking retarded apes 
Too many techies have too much money and think they can afford to buy the govt they want. You got away with it during the Manchurian Muzzie Kenyan Puppet Era. That’s done. That is history. 
Mazie is Not an American. She’s a pinko Island nigger 
Keep stoking the fire soyboy. You may get your civil war, yet. 
I'd like to see George Soros and his family killed first. Americans killing Americans is what that faggot wants to see. Kill him first and then start the Civil War 
One old dyke in charge. What could go wrong? 
Wow. Fairy gay faggot Christmas trees are a thing now? 
Sadly, it seems like it. The queers stole and soiled Christmas, too. 
Hope they're highly flammable for those flaming faggots. 
Aids Infested Dead Faggot 
No, not well, he was sick from being such a filthy faggot and now dead. 
Jap worshipping faggot thinks a bit highly of himself, doesn't he? 
Just the basic bitch level troll, they were all over twitter and frequently need to call backup when someone takes a huge duke on them without flinching. 
Gun-Free Uk: Man Shot in Head by Bicycle-Riding Assassin A man was shot dead by a gunman on a pedal bike in broad daylight in Liverpool, England, on Sunday morning. Armed police officers and paramedics attempted to treat the 27-year-old victim for critical injuries to the head and torso at the scene, but he was pronounced dead not long after being taken to hospital, according to a police statement. Detectives currently believe the killing was targeted and have released a description of the suspected assassin who remains at large as being in his late 20s, white, of medium build, dressed all in black, and wearing a high-vis orange jacket. The investigation into this shocking incident is in its very early stages, and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have information which could help us establish the full circumstances and find those responsible, commented Detective Chief Superintendent Natalie Perischine. We share the community’s shock that this could happen in a residential street in broad daylight late on a Sunday morning. I want to reassure the public that gun crime will not be tolerated on the streets of Merseyside at any time of day and that we will thoroughly investigate any information given to us so we can put anyone who carries guns on our streets behind bars, she added. I appeal again to anyone who may have seen the incident itself, or someone making off on foot or on a pedal bike, to please get in touch. London Police Appeal For Information After Fourth Shooting in Two Days, Illegal Gun Factory. Two men were arrested Tuesday night after a shooting near Rayners Lane station in London which saw two injured, with Britains' capital city seeing a total of four shooting incidents in just two days. Gun crime has risen sharply in Britain in recent years, particularly in the diverse capital of London, led by Labour’s Sadiq Khan. Firearms offences there have risen by 44 percent between 2014 and the year ending October 2017, according to a Greater London Authority report which further noted that almost half of all shootings are related to gang activity. This is despite Britain boasting some of the most draconian gun control legislation in the West, with no ordinary citizens beyond a small number of current and former armed forces, police, etc. Personnel in Northern Ireland being allowed to carry firearms for personal protection. Even carrying or possessing non-lethal articles for self-defence is generally illegal, with civilians completely banned from owning pepper spray and other non-lethal deterrents. This blanket-ban led to the unusual situation in September when a Dutch tourist was arrested in central London for having a small keychain taser, which he had inadvertently brought into the country without realising it was illegal. 
They have gone totally Retarded over Not Allowing self defense in the Uk. Don’t let it happen here! Get some laws on your books banning islamic shariah law pushers and Communists and you will go a long way to solving your crime problems. 
Who let them in? 
It’s not a race or a religion. It’s a death cult dressed up as a religion, with one goal. That is to take over politicaly by stealth. A form of slow terrorism and tyranny. 
Head Shot? 
Eradicate politician facilitating nat'l destruction. The Pushers. 
I'd still defend myself, if the pigs don't like it they'll have to get rid of the cunts - like deport them. 
No word on the 'armed policeman' marksmanship, against that shooter on a pedal-bike| 
Need to check your wood pile, your wife is a nigger whore dummy 
Bret here is another wonderful fact, America rates 38th in world literacy that means that the average American is about as bright as a child in a remote village in the Congo. You have no argument you're a fucking retard 
You stupid ugly pig. You're only 30% of the population, and only 2% of you lowlife Trash even have the balls to do it. You will pay dearly for supporting such a worthless orange sand nigger 
I hope the potato nigger gets his rematch, and gets his ass beaten into retirement. 
You're retarded 
Go fuck yourself cunt 
Lets take it back and forward from one stick being broken, the bunch being harder to break in a bundle, but yeah this german etymology seemed like the original etymology about this faggot ghoul folk law, had a ton of interesting information. 
These Are Libtards, This Is How Libtards Live- 
I have more empathy for cockroaches than I do the Marxist filth. Best part is some cunt attacking someone and getting her shit handed to her and her howls of outrage and wonder that life came at her fast. 
Omg How shocking. Ohio University: Dyke Hoaxed Anti-Dyke Hate Notes 
Nigger loving whore. 
There is a problem with the South Carolina Republican party when they keep re-electing Lindsey Faggot Graham. That cock sucker has been a Never-Trumper since Day One. Now, I feel y'alls admiration in how he handled this Kavanaugh thing, but that does Not exonerate his past actions. And now you have to vote for him, because u let him win the primaries. Why? 
& Now all of this fawning over him is sickening. He saw the writing on the wall once McCain was put to death. Did you see the look on his face at the fake funeral? Oh & Graham was hugging all over Huma Abedin the Muslim Brotherhood pig. 
He only flipped for votes like gay ass machin however you spell it no worries the hammer is coming 
Because these people here in Sc like being represented by a self interested fudgepacker. 
This Muslim Cunt needs to go to her homelands to see if she lives to see tomorrow! 
Disgusting Nyt hired this racist, ignorant bitch. She is going to be Served a Large Dose of from God! #WWG1WGA#Trump2020 #GabFam 
#Q Fuck Benjamin Suck Faggot. The only reason Dems are obstructing Kavanaugh is for purely political reasons. The fact that a loser like him can't see through the lies of the Left is proof that we need faggot liberals like him shot. 
Jews are Whites. Jews are Europeans to their core. Kick out the Muzzie slime. Leave fellow Whites alone. 
"Niggers" don't have Neanderthal Dna. Only Whites have Neanderthal, and Asians. "Niggers" are Neanderthal-less if you will. Jews have Neanderthal. Thus, they are Europeans. 
Nice Hollywood depiction of "savage Neanderthals". "And Asians" Denisovan, not Neanderthal. As for "jew Neanderthals", Ashkenazi Jews are a mix of Polish and Mizrahi kikes, while Sephardim are a mix of Iberian and Mizrahi kikes. Levantine "Neanderthals" don't look anything like those from Germany for example, Amud 1 looks like a normal Levantine. 
No. No links to the Middle East. Links to Europe and Europe only. Stop being a fucking REEtard 
No. I am not a covert. I am a Jew. Got the Jew Iq which is great, but sadly the good for nothing Jew penis too. Not as bad as a Chinaman fortunately 
Only a nigger would fuck her 
This Twat Looks Like Every Picture You Would See Of An Alien 10 Yrs Ago. His Only Problem Is He Keeps Saying "Take Me Too SOMe Peter. " Instead Of Leader. 
Fuck U In The Neck U Evil muslim Nigger God Is GOInG To Destroy THIs Evil Serpent 
I would not be angered as much when I, the messenger, was blamed as I confronted freaks before I had pictures, videos etc. , now when blamed for a stupid nigger body slamming an innocent white kid half the niggers age and size and being blamed for the blood spewing forth, I know these are not my folk 
Duplicity at its peak. He calls for violence against gun owners, but when he is not protected he says it's unfair. Hogg is a mentally retarded instrument being played by leftist handlers. 
Imagine being so fucking retarded you think you can shame a man for getting a blowjob. Especially in the fucking white house of all places. 
What could this twat have done that was worth $69m? 
He is a racist fuckin nigger 
Today, for me, a beard means fuzzie muzzie or convert to muzzieness. Just sayin'. I am sure I'm not the only one. 
And my nickname is Spartacus. Behind my back republicans call me nigger 
This isn't breaking news, this is fucking retarded 
Its just as much of a dream as the false accusation Ford made was the pathetic demo Rats are pissed because they couldn't stack the supreme court and remove all constitutional protections from the people including retarded useful idiots like you who support them! 
Nope, not a Nazi. Nazis are weak impotent faggots (losers) who are socialists and anti-Trump. Very much like the demonrats. Wake Up! +1 (Neo) 
Then your an Mpc retard I'm afraid, they are totally opposite from each other. 
When someone watches the movie "Junior" starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, but they are too retarded to distinguish fact from fiction. Because of their retardations, they start believing it's not a movie but a documentary based on real life events. 
Anybody who follows this nigger is a coward and a fool 
Holy moly what a surprise shes a nigger lover! 
What the fuck. Chelsea Handler is not White. She is a Jew. Replace "White" with "Jew, " everywhere she says "white" in this tweet, then it will be accurate. She has Jew privilege in Hollywood is what she has. Trust me, (they're) assholes to all Gentiles in "the business, " unless you're an Anglo White girl letting yourself be fucked by one of them for fame & $. 
Like your Hero Adolf you are counteractive type, a person primarily motivated by resentment and revenge in response to prior narcissistic wounding - a product of failed parenting by two racist bigoted idiots like yourself - keep helping the Cfr globalists out by painting conservatives as anti-Semitic 
She looks as much like a Jew as my avatar. She is a Socialist cunt and has more in common with National Socialist except she is part of the Global Reich 
Makes me so happy. These hail mary attempts by baby dick eaters n their golem to stop the inevitable train that is coming. No 1 loves shitler. We love America n hate the (ppl) tryin to destroy it. Keep pushing guys. It’s gon b fun 
Having said that, the cowardly cunt that hit Conor from behind should get a lifetime ban. Disgraceful behaviour. Surprised Conor didn’t press charges. 
And yet our heroes kept patiently working on The Plan, instead of rushing into action. Because The Plan Had to succeed, and they knew they would only get one chance. #Q 
So, that’s your motive? To save untold lives? You should be more concerned with the shit head libtards that are Actually telling their zombies to perpetuate acts of violence and they are. Qanon has never condoned violence. 
The only thing the fake Q/Soros has done is keep people from voting. So far. 
How so? How many elections have there been since October 31, 2017 and today and what what was the voter turnout at those elections? And if the voter turnout was lower than expected, was it because they started following Qanon? 
Too complicated? Of course it is. Time wasted on Q, not getting out the vote. The propaganda that Sessions/Mueller are the good guys, trust the plan, no need to get excited about voting. Etc. Second time I've explained that to you. 
You haven’t answered my question. How has Qanon prevented people from voting? (you said it, I didn’t) 
Too complicated? Of course it is. Time wasted on Q, not getting out the vote. The propaganda that Sessions/Mueller are the good guys, trust the plan, no need to get excited about voting. Etc. Third time I've explained that to you. Too complicated? Of course it is. 
Paesur I'm getting more likes than you. How is a perfetic retarded person doing this. Progress is shocking. Try again. 
Words cant say on Twitter? Nigger youtube? Same nigger! Facebook nigger! Wtf its just a word! You niggers need get together and own this! Like it dont mean shit! But slavery is still here from Democrats why you still believe! Lmfao dumbducks! 
Thinks he's smart, but he's really a retarded autistic who doesn't know when to quit. He has attempted to recreate 's account to troll. Anyone contacted by this account be aware- its this faggot and he wants to suck your cock. Ssssslllluuuuurrrppppp ssssslllllluuuurrrrrrpppppp 
Was the little cunt under Torbas' desk when you found it I'll bet it was. 
Islamic Fundamentalist AntiAmerica Racist Communist Dictator Trojan Horse Barack Hussein Obama is in America on the DemonCrap campaign trail Making fun of and name calling Our 45th President of the Constitutional Republic of America, calls him a communist tin cup dictator. Hang this Faggot BassTurd 
Obama is a cunt. 
We are some crazy for truth motherfuckers. Relax. Be real. Be honest. Or Bitches like me will see you as some shilly twat and mute/force unfollow you. Be real. Be true, Be logical. 
Who ever believes that Trump isn't a decent person is absolutely retarded they say all sorts awful things about him and yet not a single bit has been verified as real it's so sad to see how poorly they handled the last two years. Ys 
To prosecutor cunt Cullen, the commies starting all the political violence are just "folks who take the opposite view". It's crystal clear that the antifa scum have a free pass to attack Whites. They're doing what (the System) wants. The jewS gummint still has the power to oppress, but itz lost all legitimacy. They're tyrants now. Nothing more. 
Great video! Don lemon always the nigger of hate. 
Censored Again! I just uploaded this today! These Hasbara Rat Finks need to stop their censoring bullshit! What's wrong you fucken trolls? Are you afraid of "the Goyim" discovering your bullshit scams? Nothing but cunt cowards all of you Hasbara bitches! Fuck You! 
There's an article abt how a Banksy painting just sold at auction for $1. 4 mil and then as soon as it was sold, it triggered a shredder hidden in the frame that destroyed it "to the shock of onlookers. " Can someone seriously explain to me why anyone cares about this faggot? His artwork is just stenciling. Literally a paralyzed child could do it. 
Jew nigger - modern art is a kike creation. Ask these questions of your rabbi when he gives you the jewish reach around. You're like a Christian missionary in the Amazon asking Yanamamo indians about fortune cookies. 
Actually, his post was coherent, and made a good point. Your kike nigger bullshit was typical kike nonsense, complete with a reference to necrophilia. Filthy kikes just can't help mentioning sexual perversion no matter what the subject being discussed. 
Yeah but not quite tho. The faggot bitch who has ruined the once great 1d3n717y 3ur0p@ is too busy posting retarded Trump sycophantry to go on a platform where he would be subject to constructive criticism. 
Donald Daters. Be a good goy, date a nigger. 
Imagine trying to look for the stock photo. "Conservative looking mixed race couples" hahahahahaha. Must have been difficult 
Even worse. It's a pisslamic nigger 
Take red box s to her ask her to open it so boxing glove comes out and upper cut the cunt right out bang what shoot slag 
I only rarely come on Sm now, but I don't get why the retard right thinks a nuclear engineer has all the secrets of the government. Someone will have to explain that to me sometime. 
As if it matters that a person who used gab went on a mass shooting anyway. How the hell have y'all not learned to stop accepting their narratives yet? No one would ever say that twitter would need to be shut down if a black panther nigger who used it, went and killed a bunch of white people. If you give in to this narrative, you deserve to lose. 
The Nigger is not a civilized man 
They don't allow comments about that odious twat Miller because they are terrified of the comments the readers will make! 
This cunt needs hanged to death 
I know you have some Autistic vendetta against me, and that's fine. But willingly lying about someone in order to defame them because you're not intelligent enough to debate them is unacceptable 
Attention! Feckless Cunt is ok. Horseface is not ok. As you were. 
That's what I'm saying. She'll be doing Donkey Shows to pay it back No one wants to see that skank doing the nasty! 
Why are these jihadi jane ingrates even in america in the first place? 
Because Democrats need those Muzzie votes no matter how many actual Americans have to be blown up in the process. 
If Biden only got 1% when he ran for Presidency, what do you think stupid nigger Booker will get? I will place my odds at 0. 01% Potus will steam roll right over him about 100 times making him flatter than a paper brownie. 
This vile cunt must be exterminated. 
He's a sissy faggot punk ass rat. Lolo 
Being able to say nigger and no one bats a eye? Vs saying nigger in 11? Idk I call that a tangible gain that is now locked in. Hatred only grows, it never shrinks. 
These fucks actually showed a picture of a nigger proud boy and called them white supremacist. Its time to surround that building in Atlanta. 
The only reason he isn't in jail, is because, he is a fuckin nigger 
Of course, only retarded peole tell what they are going to do next 
Well since we have a fucking retard fro a President, I guess that's out. He does not know how to tell the truth. 
Fox News’ Rick Leventhal reports the suspect is a 56-year-old white male and has prior arrests for terroristic threats. How is this retard a White male? He is Seminola tribe Indian 
It's funny when the anti-Nfl folks are like, "I'll send a message to these assholes. From now on I'm only watching college level negros play football! " 
No Shit. Then call the pizza place to have Nigger spit Pizza. Irate Irishman incogman Stormfront Council of conservative citizens, chimpmania radio Dr. David Duke. Paul Kersey, Grandpa lampshade, Emily Anderson. Thank you. 
Well done Anglin style irony bro-ism. So we treasure history and can't comprehend even the most basic level of nuance. Are all millennials, triggered entitled daddy issue faggot antifa, by the same reasoning? Just like any other color of nigger, if you hate them so bad, move out of their fucking basement and grow your own dick. Stay clear of them. Win-win. 
I didn't know that being a hetero white guy. Who believed in family. And having kids with a woman. Was a bad thing. Until faggot feminist black jew lesbian muslims told me it was. 
Muzzie shitholes need to have a face to face with a nuclear bomb. 
Die cunt 
Hmmm. What happened to the retard who had posted to me saying "Jews are white"? I can't find his post anymore. Maybe others already set him straight. 
Q is a retard psyop, you subversive asshole 
Icing on the cake, gets home, goes to jew store to buy vape juice, then makes podcast frantic that people aren't sending enough money. Money for what, bitch? You can mow my lawn for $10, or get a job. Nigger life choices is not within the 14 Words true White people's community, much less their wallets. 
Half-nigger faggot 
2 billion Christians in Europe? Lol Lol You silly ignoramus, there are 2, 1 billion christians worldwide, and majority of them are non Whites. But hey mestizos from Mexico and niggers from Africa are your brethren, we know. Your jew god told you so. 
Your right cause it's going to be fucking Mock Mood muslim cause the weak ass Christian's are giving it up 
You no good cunt fck off 
Fuck off you rancid old cunt 
<sigh> Women never worked as hard as men, Men have always done the most demanding, dirtiest and dangerous jobs. Every time some feminist retard comes along and comes out with bullshit statements like "Being a stay at home mom is the hardest job in the world" and other such garbage, I literally sick up in my mouth. 
Who is this cunt and why should I care 
Yeah and people are applauded in colleges for bashing white men but if you call a cunt a cunt, a nig a nig, a spic a spic, an aftershave chugging redskin an aftershave chugging redskin, a dog eating gook a dog eating gook, or a lampshade a lampshade you're the bad guy. Fuck those faggots 
Faggot 
Faggot yourself darling; I'm happily married with 2 kids. 
Macron thinks black men like white leaders. What a twat Macron is 
I'm "Only the retarded kids fell off the jungle gym and hurt themselves" old. 
When we didn't get locked up for calling it the "short bus" and actually volunteered as aids for the "Retarded Class. " 
In all fairness, the comment wasn't to pick on children with real mental conditions; that's cruel. My "retards" were those dumbasses we all ran across from time-to-time and wondered who tied their shoelaces in the mornings. 
Such bullshit. He should be teaching seminars on how exactly to kill muzzie shithead rapists with your bare hands. Any good lawyer should be able to plea temporary insanity, blind rage. 
Graham instantly back to being a stupid faggot and not agreeing that killing journalists is always justified. 
White communist nigger Robert O'Rourke! 
Willie brown's ex is a dumbshit nigger. Screw her and ignore everything this moron twat says 
No shit. That's exactly the problem. "Nationalism and traditionalism for us in our homeland, faggotry and infinity nigger invasion for you in your homeland goys. " Meanwhile Israel leeches White Gentile money like we owe them. Fuck you rodent parasites. 
Here you can call Andrea Mitchell a retarded whore. 
Also say, none of us; bc if it we're, the one sent to Ag holder return address would have read branch dividians @ Waco. Too bad he isn't dead. If I had my way, I'd roast that nigger on a spit. 
A Dyke jew is of course the highest authority 
You're a faggot too 
Imagine if you will the unfettered stench of that pass around box. Pretty sure she ain't the cleanest twat in town. 
Twat pure and simple. Hold on - a lot of twats appointed by Obama (or was that Citibank) 
Can’t believe that fag turned in his own guys. Weak leader but we already knew that. 
He's a faggot little bitch. 
When i read this i honestly thought it was a twitter liberal coming to wag their finger at us. So ill say this, nobody cares faggot get your shit together and stoo bitching or go be a faggot on Twitter. 
Who let this retard in? 
Another faggot 
100 % Sjw Cunt! 
This evil cunt is public enemy #1 and is obumphuque's leash holder. She is the fucking scum of the universeand Rosanne was right: If planet of the apes and the ayatollah had a baby it Would be this pus-oozing gash. 
Aint that ignorant cunt who fucks and drinks dog piss? Nasty ass bitch 
Pentagon propaganda as old as Desert Storm to get you to be ok with attacking the muzzies in the Middle East. People need to learn their history. 
What the fuck is wrong with you, you retarded simpleton It's in sharia motherfucker, infidel women are fair game for rape. Furthermore jihad authorises musslims to sell drugs to the infidels, lie to infidels, grab whatever the infidels own. It's a cult similar to MS13, the NAZIs, and drug cartels. Perhaps even worse 
Lebron James is a complete tool. Doesn’t live in Texas but wears a faggot Beto cap. 
Fuck that dumbass groid 
Well, hes a product of the welfare state. And hi is state of mind is that since he was handed everything to him because he played basketball, even though he is a moron 
It's working. I just don't want to hear that vile cunt right now. 
Incorrect. They love his antisemitism for sure. But they also like his nationalising of key industry sectors, his control over education for indoctrination purposes, his calls for insurrection, his fascination with Islam like Hitler, his censoring of critics. All things that Marxist socialists like too. Inside every Antifa twat is a National Socialist trying to get out. And they do get out during their riots. Why they act like Nazis. 
You know, not being able to pick up on social cues and understand jokes is the main biproduct of autism 
I'll rape his dead corpse faggot 
Go Take Your Meds, You Sound Like A Liberal Retard 
Who the fuck is following them? Are you just a troll or retarded? I’m seriously asking. It has to be one or the other. 
If you say I'm retarded then so be it. Your reaction to my comment tells me you're the retarded one. 
Shut up, you nigger faggot. Your degenerate shit is against the law and against Gab's Tos. Fuck off. 
Chillin. Doing good; hanging out on the "Gab-a-gool" for awhile-taking a break. Two weeks ago when we got gassed at the same time with Kw. I think it was that "Calm Nazi Hunt" faggot who was responsible. I think that faggot has multiple accounts-just a heads up. 
The comment section is full of idiots talking about background checks. He's a fucking nigger for fucks sake. No background check needed. 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Can't you read seige? Lol See What I Did There Lmao! That's not that fucking faggot, it's someone else. Why would that cocksmoker make his faggot username not marty if it was actually closet homosexual 
Lefties love faggots & faggot ways. Faggism is holy to them. Many CONservatives claim to love the faggot & say faggots should have equal rights (equal access to their kids) but dislike faggot ways. Love the sinner hate (oops hate is unchristian - dislike a teeny bit) the sin. Adam & Eve not Steve & all. CONservative arguments/beliefs are so strong/solid. 
Halloween gonna be lit plus my girlfriend wants to experience the Islamic invasion raping white women but with in roleplay sense but boy does she not know how serious into character I'm gonna get. You can already say because I'm gonna knock her up embracing our 14 words 
And by me saying she only wanted a girl. I mean that, my brother wasnt even my dads kid she left his father too over having a boy. My dad raised another mans child who resented me our entire life due to the circumstances of our situation. My dad beat abused us everyday in a fit of rage because he was so hurt by my mom and we were splitting images of her. So my upbringing has given me the opportunity to know how to not a family and raise children, dont get me wrong. Love my dad to death today, he may of been an asshole but he taught me how to survive and without that I'd be just a dumb nigger 
Nigger is a faggot. 
Faggots: The Most Important Issue Of Our Time according to the mainstream media and. Usa Today can't be left out of the "gay wave. " Not to be outdone they have a Constant Supply of articles about sycophants. 
Like I said, them more you push, the worse the backlash. I don't have to do a thing, if someone doesn't kill you, some faggot disease or jilted gay lover will. The odds for homosexuals are not good. 
You take 'em faggot, and enjoy your short-ass life of getting fucked in the ass by other men and molesting children. Aids, Hepatitis, and a myriad of other Std's that sycophants like you spread around in the course of being promiscuous homosexuals, are a safe bet. Enjoy your diseases tulip. 
- All homos on gab are only trying to enhance their social-media presence by offending gabbers- then going onto fagsbk and twttr to regale girlfriends with tales about all the trouble being caused. This fag may not have Aids yet- instead, a brain-eating virus. 
That dude prolly has grids he looks like a mudshark. 
When do we hang the muslim nigga ' & the cunt? 
Perhaps he/she? Is white, but for sure is retard 
You're giving that twat wayyyy to much credit! He saw a situation and thought he could capitalize on it, get his face in the news cycle again, he failed and dragged the democrats with him, end of story! 
I will never again vote for a politician who panders to niggers & wants their votes. They get everything for free and are a detriment to our society in every way. There is a war going on against whites and I’m so sick of hearing about the plight of the negro. 
Coming from someone who incessantly complained about some nigger in the White House for eight years and continues to do so nearly two years later is rich. "I'm not rayciss, but you're a Nazi" 
Black power nigger fist accepted everywhere, White Power anything no so much. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
The downvoter on this is clearly a Killary cunt licking shill. 
Gotta love the bible. Genesis 19: 31-32 - One day the older daughter said to the younger, "Our father is old, and there is no man around here to give us children-as is the custom all over the earth. " - "Let's get our father to drink wine and then sleep with him and preserve our family line through our father. " 
If it was "normal in those days". Then why did they have to get him drunk first? 
It is because he would not have done it, if he was sober. And remember, that it says that they got him drunk, but not a buzz. So he was not aware of his own actions. It is just like if someone will pay you a million dollars to go streaking downtown. You will have to get yourself drunk so that you will not focus on other people. You'll be in a zone. 
What do you mean " he wouldn't have done it"? It was 'the normal thing to do' in your words and the bible ( god's word ) says it was the custom all over the Earth. Why would he need to be drunk to fuck his children if it was the normal customary thing to do 
I said that there were a few that had a conscience. But those that came banging on Lot's door. They weren't drunk. But they made Lot felt ashamed Jeremiah 6: 15 Are they ashamed of their detestable conduct? No, they have no shame at all; they do not even know how to blush. So they will fall among the fallen; they will be brought down when I punish them, says the Lord. 
For the 45th time you are not answering the question. You keep talking about other shit. Only thing your doing is running circles around the subject. No clue why you refuse to talk about the subject your being questioned about. You just keep bringing up other shit that has zero bearing on the question posed to you. Retarded ignorance Must be bliss. 
Kick all you want muzzie a bullet kicks back 
Holy hell lmao. If you would never date someone with Hiv, it's time to pat yourself on the back for not being a retard 
Hey milano, why dont you shut your nigger alphonso ribeiro lovin tainted pussy whore skank mouth! Has been pile of liberal cumdumpster shit! 
This is the music channel, you fuckin' faggot 
A religious faggot that listens to Black Sabbath 
Ha ha ha you're a religious faggot that listens to black sabbath. Ha ha ha. 
, looks retarded with a hat @! 
Not only am I voting straight ticket Gop, for the first time in as long as I can remember the party, as a whole (that silly cunt Rino from Alaska notwithstanding), actually earned my vote in November. 
Lol every post from you reeks of lack of self-confidence. Being you is being a typical nigger obviously. You strike me as a really tragic figure. 
Put her in with dogs, I mean nigger boys. 
Lemon squeezing ball loving faggot is a complete joke! 
Gab is infested with sociopathic Christian scammer spammers running affinity scams, living proof of my meme malware hypothesis - that Christianity, by disabling normal defensive instincts - makes its sheep easy meat for the grift. So fuck Christ right up the ass. 
Awe, Judge Faggot needs some attention. Poor little bitch 
You really are nigger tier. Your momma? You cucks have taken so much black cock you're starting to sound like them! Imagine being a Neo-Con cuck in 2018 supposing you're actually white. Antifa is lame and much more creative than someone like you. 
Consider this, I run adblock on Gab, I doubt anyone wants to advertise on this site. Nobody that isn't a retarded boomer would pay for Gab Pro, so how do they make money to run this site? 
I would love that because that would stop these fairy gay faggot tranny porn posters from tagging me with their sick shit. 
Can't wait for you nazi faggot tears, faggot ) 
Lol And now folks we have one of the very few real Marxist twats on Gab since Agent Orange ran off. WHat we call the Left on Twitter. Another coward who won't take on the real racist types here. Because it's colour that these Nazi racist types are bothered about, not boob size idiot lol 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Leftwing terrorists have committed violent, felonious crimes against random people and property for years because they hate white people and Trump. The media barely spends a day covering it and Republicans don't put any energy into condemning Democrat politicians who incited violence against Republicans. A Jew built, not planned to, he built a fully functional 200 pound bomb and plotted to blow it up at a Trump rally in Dc. This incident wasn't even on Fnc for more than 6 hours. If it weren't for Tucker Carlson, most Fox viewers wouldn't even know what the hell has been going on with the "resisters. " Now, just weeks before a midterm we are supposed to believe that two dudes committed acts of terrorism against Democrats? I don't think so. Ever since Gwb, Leftists have sent biological weapons like anthrax and ricin to Republicans. Leftists have firebombed businesses, destroyed cars, killed cops in cold blood and attacked white people unprovoked. Leftists commit violent crimes on a daily basis and just like nigger on nigger crime in Chicago, it makes the news for a day and then goes away. Nothing ever gets done about it; nothing changes and it never will. And the Cuckservatves screech, "but why would Democrats commit fake crimes against themselves? Why would they do false flags? " Because they can and they know all the losers in the Gop will take it at face value, never question it because it's bad optics to do so, and then call for bipartisan unity cuz muh moral high ground. Leftists believe that the ends justify the means and as Saul Alinsky said, it does not matter how you get there so long as you do. Leftists will martyr themselves and sacrifice their kids if it means "progress. " If you don't believe that, you obviously don't take them seriously when they passionately exclaim that they want to kill all white people. They respect themselves as much as they respect you, which is not at all. And not for nothing but if this Pa Jew killer isn't a false flag, at least he had the balls to do more than shitpost online. I accept that I don't have the stones to throw my life away to kill a few subversives or Communists. I have kids to raise and a wife to care for. If my life were different, if I were in a darker place. Who knows what a different version of me might be doing in a parallel world right now. 
Why do they have a White little girl? Perhaps they're not gay, they're muzzie pedoes (aren't they all) who've just kidnapped an Austrian family's child and are making their getaway via the train and seem very delighted about it. Travel by Austrian Rail - the ultimate getaway. 
Retard 1st Class with Cluster & Ribbon 
Nigger ass 
Vegans Are Malnourished Blood Is Good For Us! 
Imagine saying crazy shit like this but not joking. Aside from banning music, we need to ban hinduism in the west. It makes white people go retarded 
The murdered him, you dimwit. The Jews infiltrate everything they can. 
And? He chose them. He could have looked up their last names, but he was a dumb old lazy Indian who liked rape and money 
I'm going to mute you before I * *! I wish you the most torturous and agonizing death imaginable. 
The spiritual life of an extremely stable iskcon member 
You are confusing him with Sai Baba, perhaps? He Was a dirty old boy nobber! 
No. Im very aware of who I'm talking about 
Jews infiltrate every religion. 
History proves this. 
Prabhupad claimed he had omniscience. Obviously he didn't if he was willing to give away his religion to people you claim he hated. Plus you all forget when he later said all are shudras and there are no brahmins or aryans anymore. Selective memory 
The Ultimate Avatar 
Morons. You're gonna see whatever you want to see to justify your ignorance and your conspiracy theories are all your own, but don't let that stop you from showing the rest of the world how retarded you are on the internet. 
I know guys are getting beat up by the feminists right now. I don't blame them for being sick and tired of it. But Not All Women Are Like This! We just don't have a public voice. So the only thing they hear are the fat ass, pussy hat Lesbos. 
Alpha women are not scared of alpha males they are scared of of weak beta females, , men want strong women not a weak beta cuck liberal twat 
A little half nigger that will be born with shocking red hair probably! Lol! 
Oh my God did this stupid cunt really just say this? Cut this fucking cunts head off! 
Right wingers with spines and brains? Wish we could have that in America. And on a side note, some nigger screaming racism to her way? 1st time for everything 
Every post you make is about molesting your daughter - you are a filthy maggot-eating pedophile - go kill yourself immediately! If I knew where you were, I would kill you myself. You disgusting vile parasite smegma eating piece of nigger shit - fuck off & die 
Only a Super Retard will believe them! 
Then in 50 years some backward thinking retard will sandblast her off the pages of history too! 
Lol I thought this was a parody. To all you Trump supporters they actually think you'll believe this, that is incredible. This faggot Never voted for Trump. Go watch the punk Cnn did this with where they definitely proved he was anti Trump prior to the election. Desperate pathetic fools. 
Look to any city that's 90% or greater non-Nigger. See Oriana, Tokyo, Dubai, Kuala-Lumpur, Singapore, etc, etc, etc. Then look at majority Nigger cities. See Detroit, Chicago, Washington Dc, Lagos, Nairobi, Johannesburg, Port Au Prince. You can see why they follow us. They want what we can build and they cannot. 
"Bohoo! They killed my gay lover! I will never get over it! Bohoo! " 
This guy keeps reposting these same posts and digging up incidents where the Ira killed British soldiers. There's Free Speech but I think it's pretty retarded and vile in this situation. I may say that because of Free Speech, but this guy mutes anyone who disagrees with him. 
Niggers 
That nigger needs to be rammed right through that fucking wall. Yes to the head in the sand normies I said nigger, that’s what these savages are 
I don't care who it offends. Some of you see these people as refugees looking for a better life here in the United States. I see things for what they truly are, I see an army of fighting aged men carrying a battle flag knocking on our doorstep. Carry Tb that kills more people than any other disease! You let that sink in real good before you leave any shitty comments. 
Just like the muzzie invasion during obummers reign 
Because you have Merkle and we have Trump Go away eurofag 
Same team, Jewish, that's occupied Germany and you Jews are still guilty of the Holodomor and Katyn Massacre with sudequent cover ups to deceive the Americans to pass Lend Lease. The Nurmburg Trial was not American, we do not permit ex post facto laws Constitutionally. Watch your head, Negro. 
>America is "world kikery" nigga omg you really are a Eurofag retard 
This whiny Demonrat blathering on right now is so freaking delusional or more likely a straight up lying Cunt 
Real at long last Eugenie was a gorgeous bride, glowing of happiness in impeccable beautiful wedding dress. Mr Jack Brooksbank dapper and looking at his bride with awe and genuine admirationnothing like Harry the halfwit looking zombified during his nuptials to Frankenstein's nigger bride. In ill fitting ugly dress and messy wig. 
But that is how spread (through dominating strife ) That was the beginning of White religions being overtaken by to enslave the mind of the. Free your mind. 
Are cancer Paganism is a Form of true love for the then which can be advanced to 
Nah, Norse religion in addition to being evil, you have to be a half wit to buy that comical drivel. Pick atheist, Gnostic, Buddhist, anything but that embarrassingly retarded crap. 
Marsha Blackburn up 14 percent despite Taylor Swift's plea. Do you get it yet Libtards? We don't give a Damn what Taylor Twit, or any of the other bunny brain morons desire. 
What is it with those people. Just having a good voice, or being good in playing a rol, makes you not a scientist. This dumb ass cunt should sing, and nothing else. 
It must be that slavinian cunt rubbishimer putin sanz 
Wanna hear some language? How about this one "Die Nigger Die! " Lol 
Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis. I know you're listening. There are 15, 000, 000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Feel the pain? There is a sand nigger up your ass. "Lol". Girl. 
Slant eyed cunt 
"Smoking a fag" has a whole other fairy gay faggot meaning here in the Usa. Lol 
So let's see, we have street shitter brown, San Franshitsco brown, sand nigger brown, Islamoshit brown, Antifa shitstain brown, Jigaboo brown, Fakeugee Hotel Walls brown (only available in Canada), and don't forget Mad Max brown and Feinstein's Diaper brown. 
Twat 
He's done a hell of a lot more in his short time in office than that fucking nigger did in 8 years wrecking our shit. 
If we judged ourselves simply by our ability to do better than niggers alone and not by what we're actually capable of doing then we wouldn't have built western civilization or put men on the moon. Niggers aren't capable of much so simply doing more than they're capable of ain't anything to be proud of. 
How dare you compare the Great Adolf Hitler with some ridiculous nigger clown. You must be one of those white boy nigger lovers! 
Lol, praises fellow faggot Fox news Shep Smith between lies. 
A Coward & a Dyke both useless pieces of shit who will sacrifice any colleague for their Jihadi Masters! 
Alright listen. Crypto niggers are a real problem cause you cant tell by looking at them. They look white. So watch out. Report your local Crypto nigger to the police. 
Jason, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
It's an adoption of nigger slang. Mostly pushed by (Hollywood and the music industry. Drop it from our vocabularies and shame those who speak like niggers and kikes. 
The Middle Class are to blame for violent crime, not black subhuman Iq savages. Wasn’t 2Pac and Big upperclass earners. Conservative conference: Middle-class drug users to be targeted - Sajid Javid 
Right, because the muzzie gangs that smuggle the shit from the Golden Crescent are all white, not Pakis, Afghanis and Albanians. Fight Crime! 
Can we send this subversive cunt back to her shit hole? Seriously, what nation in the world outside of white nations would tolerate this horse shit? Execute the bitch for Treason and bury her in the entrails of pigs. 
Probably in jail for doing some nigger shit 
I'm sure Dan Rather spends lots of time surrounded by negroes. His hood rat roots are showing; What a dumb shit. He and his Leftist ilk are the reason the West is in turmoil. Go live in Africa you cunt and say how much you love Blacks. Don't come back. 
The priest said a prayer for the Jews and the Germans threw this retarded ass in the concentration camps loloooool 
Haha ya fucking cock holster. Bwahhh. Enjoy your miserable, pathetic, unfullfilled life. Must suck to be you. Hahahahah faggot 
Oh, you mean the faggot jews who did 9-11? The only thing we Americans should be sending israel is our septic waste. Fuck Israel And Fuck Jews. Jews = Assholes. 
So the choice from the two main parties is between a nigger and a paki? Who'd've thought Boris would be the last white mayor of London. 
Never go full retard 
Lol I'm saying Trump walked away first. That faggot just put a label on it, he wasnt the beginning. 
I'm glad they're getting rid of that filthy kike Nikki Haley, but what parasitic jew will they be replacing her with ugh 
You're the one who follows me u aren't going to patrol shit u little faggot pull up n find out. Im muting u now keep obsessing over me I do what the fuck I want and there's nothing u can do about it. 
This worthless faggot needs to go! 
Its ok call It what It is a monkey nigger pile of shit! 
So, is this twat gonna kill herself like Rosie McDonalds, George Clooney, Madonna were going to move out of the Usa if Trump was elected Potus? Or is she really gonna do it? Cause if she really is going to do it, I just want to say "thanks" - one less volatile, crazy bitch on the planet and thank you for offing yourself instead of some innocent bystander like the left Usually does. 
Isn't minneapolis basically a no-go muzzie ghetto zone now? They probably face beheading if they don't hang the pic or some crap the muzzies do. 
One less retard in the world 
Cunt is a Cunt 
Lol, so? 
If you're too stupid understand why you're part of the problem, you deserve the unfollows you get. 
Confirmed for boomer-tier mongoloid Doesn't even understand how gab works 
Confirmed some fucking asshole playing right into the kikes hands to divide and cause disarray. You're probably a kike yourself. 
In fairness the way Gab works could not be more of a shitshow. 
All because someone cried about context 
All because you're a fucking idiot without a Nsfw filter. 
That was the cover story. It's designed to force you to shut off 'Show Replies' and only see Big Brand posts. 
And on that note, Gab video upload is completely non-functioning this evening, which is basically the same as any other evening (or morning, or afternoon. You know, I actually do hope Trump comes to Gab, only to experience the nigger-level ineptitude of how this site is run, and then go on Twitter and rightly mock Torba for being the half-ass grifter that he is. 
The cunt that won't go away or just die. She sounds exactly like every other Totalitarian. "Things will be civil when we're in charge again. " Yeah, thanks for the threat. Fuck you, Hillary. 
Gay wetback has drug resistant Aids. First Us failure of Truvada Prep Last year drug resistant Aids came to the Us by African rapefugees. Once it hits the bathhouses it will be the 80s all over again 
Diversity is our strength 
Throw the creature into a volcano. 
I can't explain how pleased I am with this news! 
It's like 2016 all over again with two poor choices. In 2016 we had the choice of the retard Kirkpatrick or the traitor McCain. Now our choice is the retard Sinema or the never-Trump McSally. When McSally showed up with Mitt Romney yesterday in Gilbert Az, it only confirmed, "here we go again". 
1% Muslim, 99% cunt 
This Uncivil Skank Bitch just won't go away! You lost, AssWipe! We don't care what you think about Anything! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Hillary Clinton Slams British Tories Over Support For Hungary Prime Minister vs 
Stupid cunt 
Save us from the Retarded Libs Chief! 
Mostly because they know they won’t stay in Mexico and will sneak their wetback asses across the border! 
Suck a dick you retarded fgt 
Spic invasion. End and reverse it. It's the only issue. Fix it. 
Nigger loyalty is to niggers, another reason not to mix with them 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
No wonder they hate the Memes look at them being herded like sheep by those Democrat house nigger overseers Vote Red Wave Baby 
I love the fact that a leftist faggot has created a show centered around an anarchist, cynical misogynist, he meant to be unlikable, and everyone ended up loving him. 
Derek's dad from American History X is a hilarious example - he's a fireman who does nothing but drop truth bombs for the few minutes we see him in flashbacks, and since the writers literally can't come up with any compelling arguments against the points he's raising, they instead try to discredit him by having him say Nigger out of nowhere. It doesn't work. 
A while back I started referring to all undesirable behavior from niggers as "nigger bullshit" b/c of that scene and I was liberal af and anti-racist back then 
Wanna know why you hillbilly nazi's are worse than jews? At least they were smart enough to hide their agenda until it bore fruit. You fucks cant even do that 
Her teeth alone and that chimp out look will give me nightmares. Where the Muzzie rapists when they might actually come in handy? 
I hope Killary finds this ugly lying cunt to be a huge liability 
Virtue signaling sex criminals are not great. You seem like a complete twat though. 
This is a retarded idea. Sounds like Thathcher-era England. If the seasonal work in within reasonable travelling distance of where they live, then sure. But they can't expect people to relocate for a couple of months to pick fruit. 
Why on earth do Western governments allow their own civilised Western culture to be destroyed and end up a retarded savage society. Centuries from now archeologists will find the remains and ruins of a once modern intelligent Western civilisation. 
Jews who never got gassed, big pharma suppressing cures, the fed robbing us of our wealth through the money printing press, and my foolish fellow Americans who have been dumbed down through fluoride in the water that they believe every lie the tv tells them 
Antifa faggots, fuck you ugly homo faggot bitches! 
Isn't she the woman that adopts loads of nigger babies and thinks we should help refugees/migrants? 
Answer the question. Why is that White woman kidnapping African nigger babies? Why? What is she doing with them? It's Un Natural and freakish! It's Evil. Look what happened when the evil insane parents of Rachel Dolezal did to their own Daughter, when they kidnapped African niggers! They made her insane! 
Where Nazis Come to die: Congratulations and Fuck you. You've all become Jews. Sieg hail nigger 
Fuck! Fuck! Noo! The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America! Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court! You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites! And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
Awwww do you need a tissue? Poor little kafir snowflake. So terrible, innit? Next, we start deporting muslim goat-fucking refugee freeloaders en masse. Goodbye and good riddance. 
Conservatards Are called Tards for a Reason. 
Yes; it's because inbred, low Iq, r-selected Socialists cannot spell 'Retards', and aren't clever enough to come up with something original or biting. 
And she a Muslim cunt that needs to be investigated for sedition. 
Fraudulent muslim Nigger 
Stupid pimp nigger 
The holocaust is the Only purpose they ever really had. Whether you are pro-holocaust or anti. If they weren't killing Jews, then wtf were they doing you retarded pussy? Killing whites, Germans, French, British, enslaving them, destroying their nations and sovereignty. That's what. 
He is a kike nigger jew 
I just got done with a call with Christopher Bollyn. I will be spending a lot of time studying the materials he recommends and weighing the evidence. It's time to name the jew in israeli involvement in 911! 
Lol, another retard who comes here with random claims and no proof and cites a website that is called "veteranstoday" to shield itself from criticism. This guy is a super faggot. 
Spain is about to become a nigger shit hole soon, they will be run by Islam just like they were many centuries ago. 
Police dealing with nigger problems appropriately 
Don't these companies have any form of contractual obligations to their customers? What in the fuck? Why are all these companies such pussies? Why are they all working together? Bunch of faggot authoritarians. 
Nigger learns a new word. Ffs 
Glad to see that has bravely resisted the purity spiral, and broken free of the ideological echo chamber of the pro-White movement. In this piece, he courageously puts forth a plan for White survival. Specifically, that Daily Stormer readers should purchase White eggs, fertilize them in a laboratory, and insert the fertilized eggs into the low end Asian whores they've been fucking. Genius. 
This must be a joke, even the retarded shill Anglin cant believe this is worth of the word plan. 
Nigger 
Nigger 
She's a dopey twat and a spastic performer. Her music, though made by professional musicians, is horrible. There is no dynamic and no imagination to the trite compositions. 
She’s one ugly cunt 
Man! All I see there are a total waste of human life. They have nothing, just a bunch of old has beens just waiting to die! I mean Look At Them! Not a gray cell among them! I can almost see why the Muslims hate white people, THAt Right There Is A Good Starting Place! If I saw a muzzie taking on one of them, I wouldn't bother to interfere, I would applaud their thinking! 
Or steal it - that's the nigger way. 
So the Nigger admits to there being a double standard. Along with Bix Nooding out a possibly-actionable threat. Again, progress^) 
Adam was nigger like you bitch 
Ya know what else is Illegal in many countries? Hate speech lmao fix video features and stop talking you chubby bitch. 
How cute! Same thing again! The Retards accusing me of what they are guilty! It is a Fact that you accused Torba of Hate speech! But your mind cannot comprehend FactS can it? Please kill yourself as you suggested! 
HOw CuTe! Go to bEd oR dID yOU wEt It ReTaRD ZoOMr KiDdO 
Look, I'll admit that sometimes I can be a total asshole and trigger people. I discredit myself by being a shitposter all the time, just saying dumb retarded shit just for laughs. I honestly wish no ill will to any gabber here, even the ones that I've trolled super hard. In my mind, the harder I punch, the more prepared that Gabber will be when debating a shitlib. For for God's sake, don't try to stop me from doing something good. I want to take this first step into some serious political activism for a good cause. I'm not trying to bilk anyone for nothing. I haven't even asked for any help and I have received a couple of donations from people who have offered because I may come across other Patriots as I make my way to the border who don't have the money. I don't want our country overrun by illegals, so trying to dox me and discredit me in some way is only serving to help the Democrats conquer our country. I"m scared enough as it is, leaving my family behind and putting myself on the line. The last thing I need is "friendly fire" because I pissed someone off with my shitposting 18 months ago! 
>I discredit myself by being a shitposter all the time, just saying dumb retarded shit just for laughs. I like laughs. 
Tim (Wise. Jew. The Jew has let us know that we're all his enemy. That goes for all you non-White Gentiles that voted for Trump as well; because apparently, since you decided to oppose such a shitty, Zog, Soros sponsored, Globalist, Totalitarian cunt such as Hillary, you're all White Nationalists too, since you voted for Trump. 
If my conversion had depended on Muslim example, it never wudda happened. Fortunately, I was well versed in both history and comaprative religion when I read the koran (all by my lonesome) without a Muslim raghead in sight 
Fucking idiots, every last one that voted for that dumb twat 
Ok, I’ve figured it out. Cuckservative is some degenerate oil driller with mystery meat daughters. That’s why he’s triggered like a faggot over Gab. 
The closest that a ghetto nigger can get to the White House without the Chicago Democratic Machines backing is to rap abt it. 
Mandla & Brightyn's Jive - Dwts Juniors Anti-White racism on display. The hatred of the White race is staggering. This pushes the notion that White, blue-eyed blonde girls belong with Niggers. There is no greater racism. Notice how the Jews even forced Brightyn into kissing the Nigger. That is abuse. 
Think about it, in a couple of years, the Nigger will be preparing to rape Brightyn. Daddy Stevie Wonder will be pleased as punch once the rape is completed. 'My boy! He has grown into a true Nigger, er I mean Negro, er I mean African-American! He has learned to rape the White bitches! I am so proud! *sniffle*' 
De Niro is a whipped white boy Dago nigger lover. 
America and it's faggot Dago sissy boys. They need to go to Italy to regain their balls! 
One Nazi faggot tried. He ended up as a kerosene torch and his buddies were hanged. We win, you lose. So maybe instead of fapping to the Jews living rent-free in your head, it's time to look for allies. Notice how Hollywood Jews and academia are at war with Israel? Only a cretin fights both sides of the conflict. 
And a nigger one at that 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Sorry, I'm not black, but if you're referring to the nigger calling for the extermination of all whites including infants I could not agree more! 
Well of course a nigger wrote it 
I think I would have ran and smashed that liberal face them start beating that soy faggot for disturbing my dinner. We have to stop these faggots soys and stand up for what's right. Or these freak queers soy boys will take over. And your kids will come home thinking there queer. Boys are girls and girls are boys. This must stop! 
Don't get me started on the amount of people who'd love to buy Tommy a pint me included if we all did that why not buy him a fucking house. That cunt Gary fucking wanker Lineker earns 2. 2 million of our money a year. Fuck me it's the least Tommy deserves. Grrrrrrrrr 
. Also: say nigger and kike nonchalantly. It'll weed our the right people not suitable for the core. 
Churchill is essentially John McCain, but 13 x’s worse. I’m sure the faggot is burning in hell. I genuinely hope so. 
Just another pedowood cunt Npc 
Notice them empowered woman Ie Dumb Cunt is so stupid she think that the Gop are some how Pure. While Only the Dems have donors that Hate White America. And this is why Voting Is Not Gonna The Farm. Dumb twats like Liz are the exact issue. 
Meaning I won't suck this random cunts ass. Fuck You. Feminism uppity bullshit denied. 
Ford should be charged with perjury, not that it will happen. It is important to remember the democrats position, which is: Every lying cunt is to be believed, especially the obvious lying cunts. Furthermore, every male, including prepubescent boys is guilty of rape and/or sexual harassment. 
That much is obvious. These fools think they have some sort of influence over people, those days are long dead. Now we all interact with each other and see these good for nothing pieces of shit for what they are. Only the retarded give two fucks about anything they say or think 
You are like a nigger screaming 'we wuz kangs' What kind of a simpleton you have to be not to understand that Europe was inhabited Tens of Thousands of years Before Scandinavia was? Last ice age ended some 11, 700 years ago, and population from South moved North, diverging I haplogroup into I1 and I2. Just stop embarrassing yourself 
Gabs fucking up, so I cant post the image of the Hitler quote "he who owns the youth owns the future" ) Fucking Gab @a You Retard This Site Has Been Fucked Eversince You Shoah'D The Frog! 1 
Murkowski trying to make a name for herself, rather than her Daddy's? Here's a name Cunt 
Why isn’t that twat in jail? 
Want to strangle her with her hijab. 
Would not mind seeing this cunt stoned to death 
Bukas are flammable. I cant believe lhe leftist, womens movement support her. 
That faggot should be castrated. 
Bloody bloke in a dress trannie more like lol 
Funny how I wasnt talking to you nigger fucker. 
She's a lying Nigger and a piece of shit. No group, however stupid, would openly attack a gutter nigger whore like this. She is making this up to cover some corruption or wrong doing on her niggah' part. Porch chimp logic 101, blame whitey for their own misdeeds. Dindu nuffin, gibs me dat. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Lolololol Anyone who has enjoyed Matt Bracken's retarded race-blind fag-enabling imitations of 'Unintended Consequences' should do their best to get rid of 'Frimzizka' or whatever it's called. When it's gone he might, you know, actually do some writing again 
I reported 3 sock shill accounts that some mentally ill faggot spent months building and I'm looking for more. Those accounts are gone 
These are literally fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. Lol 
Evading a perm ban that anon calm fgt is reporting us all 
Yeah, my last one was for targeting; but all I was doing was posting links to Gl, Cantwell, Occedental Dissent, & even Tds. I was just posting links, lol, not even sending them to anyone specifically. Outsider said is was that "Anon Calm" faggot but a different acct it has: "Anon Apache Hunt" or something like that. 
Yeah that one quote did it all. Not the Gentile Money Grubbing Cunt that employ the invaders to lower your wage. No it one Jew Cunt that did it all. Fucking Morons. 
This commie cunt should have faced a firing squad long ago 
Well Jim didn’t really seem to want to go after the Alt Right but being the high Iq galaxy brains they are, they found a way to get him to Btfo them. Good job guys, you’re all really smart people and don’t come off like spaghetti spilling fags. 
Is this about the Dio faggot, or did something else happen? 
"Eh Meh Ged Ralf, Yuure A Fuking Race Mikser! " What a retard - also, he's supposedly a /pol/ vet And a long-time Jim fan, yet still expects Jim to be his Personal Army? 
Dumb Nigger Shiksa. 
Whore Traitor. Race Traitor too bootBe happy with your lack of "old white men" one day when Muslim leeches are all that is around You Reap What You Sow You Cunt 
'A Nigger by any other name would still rob, rape, murder. ' I am a poet! 
Facebook employee 1: "People are leaving us in droves because our leftist policies are robbing them of their free speech. " Facebook employee 2: "I know, let's hire the biggest leftist thunder cunt of the lot! ". 
So of course cuck faggot Rick Wilson "admires" Avenatti and adores his "giant, clanking balls" (while wiping drool from his chin no doubt. 
Took down account of disgusting, sick, vile, feminist, dyke Nazi Gergetown professor, Christine Fair! Time to get the bitch fired from her job too Deleted - Locked - Suspended! 
Barbaric Muzzie scums 
Nah im not faggot 
Someone dox this cunt in germany so I can post his address to the local mosque and let nature correct it's mistake 
I frame my arguments around this~ By Law Christians are not to do business with jews. Jews are satanist, infidels. Kjv John 7: 1, 8: 44-48, Rev 2: 9, 3: 9, Titus 1 "jewish fables" 
Quotes scripture and calls Eddie a dumb fucking loser and a jew. Now, I have no love for the jew, because I know their intentions, but Andrew, you lose any credibility when you name call and throw out scripture. You are one dumb fucking cunt 
Gotta love unless you're a retarded. He's a master now that is dead Lindsey Graham: I’m taking Dna test, ‘I think I can beat’ Elizabeth Warren on amount of Cherokee heritage 
Fuck off, nigger. 
Your comment is grammatically incorrect. The word nigger refers to impeding progress. What I believe you meant to say was "Fuck off Person who's been repeatedly blown up for my right to treat in a disrespectful manner, even though I'm too stupid to understand how to accomplish it in the correct manner. " 
Stupid cop is so afraid of confrontation it's cracking me up. - No to Sharia. No to all muzzie scum. 
Cunt needs a makeover, along with all the other piece of shit liberals with their big goofy fake circa 2014 nerd glasses they hide behind. 
And its a oh well at least it was a nigger whore, so no humans were injured 
That’s terrible. Those poor dudes. Just supporting their race and ideas. If they were nigger Muslims, they would have been given a pass. 
Shut up Dumb Cunt 
Fucking prick this is a god damn lie. No such orders given. Get fucked faggot 
That nigger SambObama has a lot to swing for. 
Poisoned the food supply, The foment all the racism and sexism thru the vile Retarded pieces of shit Leftists, and they brainwash people with all thier immoral sewage from the despicable Jewish Supremacist media and absolute Jewish scum propaganda of Hollywood! Jews are morally degenerate scum! 
Warthog elementary skoo "teacher" caught sexually assaulting 10 year old boy. Yet another example of why niggers should never be allowed near vulnerable people like kids or the elderly. 
In all fairness, %99 of niggers never mature mentally past the age of 7. Their ugly nigger gender neutral bodies just grow to adult nigger size 
I bet she want's more muzzie refugees let in thinking that if they will screw a donkey she might just have a good shot at getting laid 
He is such a pathetic coward kike or on kike payroll. Defending global jihad. Good thing is, I have saved the post, so he can't deny like first time he was gloating about spilling Christian Serb blood. 
Who is this? A muzzie bragging bout killing whites? 
Who's the faggot in the circle at the bottom of the flag pole? 
Guns don't mean shit if you aint got balls it time for all niggas to be warriors gain we was kings and queens visiting the stars before the white devils came stoled are knowledge and enslaved us it gonna be a black planet white devils watch out 
We kicked nigger ass so bad, they started putting plates in their lips and building their huts out of mud. From "visiting the stars" to lip plates and mud huts. It's best as fuck to be white. 
Jack, "neo-nazi" this is another give away code phrase of hysteria and propaganda. Just like global warming is "racist" everyone that isn't a tranny faggot living in Germany is a "Nazi! " or "neo-nazi" or whatever. Surprised he hasn't gone full retard yet. Ns should be defined by you for what it means to you, not others. 
Evil cunt 
The war on whites intensifies, despite this brave man being jailed for defending himself, you still must defend yourself against niggers and the nigger loving police. 
Excellent example as why subhuman niggers should be eliminated from society. A good White man with a successful career who is contributing to society encounters a worthless nigger buck. Nigger beast then shoots and kills White man. 
And don’t forget, that nigger was on welfare from the day his nigger sow mother shit him out. Paid for by Medicaid. These savages are paid for by productive Whites. And they hate and kill us. Extermination of the nigger is only logical. 
Went Full ReTARD Rosie NEEDs A STRAiGHT JaCKET! Theory - Straight Jacket [Official Video] via 
Ya know, the lieberals can even fuck up a wonderful image - that of a beautiful dewy rose, freshly opened, fragrant and velvety soft; and all were "left" with are the pricks! Not that anyone cares what whale wailing Rosie onotsoposie thinks, but keep it up whale sheman, you're doing a splendiferous job of recruiting for the Trump party. 
Fookin hell. Give the cunt a helicopter ride. It will only cost a few grand to fly out to international waters 
Not fucking pumpkin pie? Cherry pie because it tastes fine. But pumpkin pie is the nigger of pies. And its not edible unless there is whip cream 
Its A Demokrautic Thing. To File False Police Reports. Ford. Muslum Cockroaches. Etc Etc Etc. Now This Freakazoid Dyke Lock Them Up. Lock Them Up. Lock Them Up! 
Bbc you will be utterly destroyed & anyone working for you will be thrown on the fire, you covered up the abuse & murder of children & employ the likes of graham norton a faggot who openly jokes about this criminality. 
Very well stated and the pigmentation of your skin does not make me dislike anyone but belligerency does from members of many communities. No one escapes the madness. Obama was the divider an 95 percent black followed the communist ass hole faggot communist Muslim Pos. He is the reason, so many people are angry at one another. 
2 billion Christians in Europe? Lol Lol You silly ignoramus, there are 2, 1 billion christians worldwide, and majority of them are non Whites. But hey mestizos from Mexico and niggers from Africa are your brethren, we know. Your jew god told you so. 
Your right cause it's going to be fucking Mock Mood muslim cause the weak ass Christian's are giving it up 
Tell that to the ions of christians in the wars who died for your freedom you silly distrespecful cunt 
The extremely retarded morons always show themselves by criticizing something as shallow as punctuation errors! This does not effect anything is casual prose on social media. This mindless midget then goes on to tell you that the government is telling the truth and this incredible retard actually believes the propaganda from Snopes? Are you kidding me? You are clearly a brainwashed retarded Racist Sexist piece of shit Democrat who have someone else think for you since you cannot think for yourself! Jews did 911 dumbshit, did the government tell you that? You are no more than a polluted Thumb Drive! 
Your mother clearly made the Wrong Choice! Please kill yourself as you do not have a functioning brain! You are a brainwashed retarded monkey brain! Again, I am not a Democrat or Jewish who have done all the orchestrated shootings! All Democrats are just a retarded software program of misinformation just liike you gave because you cannot think for yourself! Go away you despicable piece of excrement! 
Pasta nigger 
She's a stupid cunt but I don't think she's that stupid. 
Ok faggot bye bye now. 
No that is what a Nigger and Jew look like. 
Well if anyone is Expert enough to make that assumption, it most certainly would be Cunt News Network. The set is filled with retards! 
Rod Rosenstein, This Faggot looking Cocksucker! If he didn’t Have Something To Hide! Stack Of Shit, Lying, Treasonous, Fuckstick! 
White men want Equal rights, not special rights, like the nigger has 
That little boy's face says it allthe boy in the upper right pic, I mean. Not the mini faggot at the bottom center. It's too late for that one. Burn it with the rest of'em. 
He's already been passed around a bunch of times and filled with hot pozloads by his dad, and all the other drug addled queens they know. Just give it a few months and let AIDSchan take care of things. 
Faggot 
Retarded boomer QLARPers with too much disposable income me thinks. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Lol Yep those things are less dangerous than Maxine Waters wig hat and flapping nigger lips 
No matter who's in charge whether it's from the Lunatic Left or Retard Right we'll always have this kind of retarded gobshite to deal with. 
And Your a Muslim Cunt Pushing Sharia Law= Female Genital Mutilation, Child Marriage(Rape), Honor Killings etc. 
For those that may wonder who the fuck im talking to. Im taunting the powers that be fuckin retarded 
"Uses the N word all the time. Can't say ten words without Nigger bein' one of them. I heards her deny the holocausts, two. " 
The 30% must not be fllowed to Vote In My country but cunt like you would support it like they do in Ca 
I understand that the muffti has a penthouse apartment he wants to show the faggot 
I'm not interested in talking to you. You're a fucking retard and you are wasting my fucking time. Normal human beings don't keep posting at people to try and annoy them. You are a paid troll or just a deadset fucking fruitloop with no purpose in life. Fuck off. 
Half Nigger Zerobama! 
Their age is irrelevant bc when they finally disintegrate, California will just replace them with two younger retarded liberals who are even more to the left than they are. 
"Being mentally ill is God's greatest gift to me, " says the butt-sore faggot as he wipes his chin. 
Noooooooo! How will I cunting survive? 
Lol, sensitive cunt: D 
They did the same thing with that spic they blamed for the pipe bombs sent to our favorite globalist crew. Said he was a Trump supporter. Cuz being a Trump supporter is relevant to being a terrorist. Whenever a kebab self detonates the media says the motive is uncertain. 
I would have shot that nigger in his criminal eye just like I would shoot a reporter from the Ny post. Fuck off 
It's sub-species mixing. "Race" is a leftist term and fails to emphasize the extreme differences in the modern genome. Please Walk Away from "race" and adopt the more accurate, descriptive and truthful Sub-Specieist. 
Baba Necia 114, 6: "The Jews are human beings, but the nations of the world are not human beings but beasts. " 14. Nidrasch Talpioth, p. 225-L: "Jehovah created the non-Jew in human form so that the Jew would not have to be served by beasts. The non-Jew is consequently an animal in human form, and condemned to serve the Jew day and night. " 
Yes totally set me off by me proving to you how vile and deceptive your kind is. Lol You project your beliefs and degeneracy on to others to make yourselves look like victims. It's sad how twisted your little like minds are but not sad enough to spare you from your fate. 
I dont believe in race mixing that doesn't make me racists. Also the fact that blacks arent even human also means I'm not racist. If gays weren't so open about hating me for being normal I wouldnt hate them back so the gay hate is a natural reaction for being hated. I'm not antisemitic there are a lot of other tribes of semites not just jews. I don't like jews. 
If I cared about what Npc's on Twitter thought I would have an account. Silly little failkike. 
These aren't left wing Pc socialists. None of my followers are left wing at all. All Tory Leave and Ukip people. Centre to right wing. This is what normal people think of you. And you may care about the fact that there will never be a government in the west with your policies. You lot are a tiny minority. 5% and that's being generous ) 
Yea sure. You and your type are still Npc's. "Normal" people like you that are ignorant about the actual problems and think muslims are allowing themselves to take over your country. Lol You faggots are no better than the left. So sure whatever you say kike. 
Yeah, that Brexit is working out fuckin' great, isn't it? 
Lol The Jews will never let them go and if the Brits are like this faggot they are done for. 
Come Ooooooooooooon! Is that not status, or what! 
H/t to This is Amazing! In front of the Whole World! 
Qanon is absolute shit and will be on the index of stupid memes that disqualify one for any position of responsibility. 
4chan infographics are anti-memes. They damage the propagation of whatever they attempt to prove. I've read quite a few books on Watergate, so my attention span is fine. I just require some effort on the part of the writer. Qanon faggots can't afford clarity - it would collapse the scam. 
I know you haven't gone through it properly. Yes there are a shitload of moron qanons that require a low level of proof and spin all kinds of Bs. But you're so far off base with what goes on. It requires a lot of time to get a handle on, I have convinced some huge Ar sceptics, but hours have to be allocated to it before one is satisfied. 
Qanon is a peculiar sort of reverse cold reading scam, where the prophet depends on his idiot followers to provide the retconned rationalizations, instead of the usual gypsy fortune teller who uses customer feedback to refine her bullshit in real time. 
No see these kind of takes are just so lol, you haven't tackled the content directly, you have these hot takes you think are big brained but you are going to be brought to your knees in the future wishing you had just shut the fuck up all because you reacted to the retarded boomers that follow it. 
I saw one Qanon post and I understood the scam. It's just an updated version of Nostradamus' vague nonsense. 
One post hahahahahahhahahahah brainlet. Hf defending yourself in a couple of months. 
I've been bantzing you Qanon fags for months and it's always 'Oh real soon you will eat those words! ' So far you got nothing. I bet my Gab account with one of you fags that there would be no military tribunals convened in November. They won't be. 
Ahh you take on random anons therefore. No You haven't come into our wheelhouse and if you Actually talked to someone that knows wtf is up you would know there is no possible way for military tribunals in November. You don't know fucking shit. 
Make a Non-Trivial and Specific prediction based on your Qanon wisdom that will come true in the next 30 days. 
Do you remotely comprehend what it is going on? >Trump pls telegraph to your enemies precisely when you are going to do X so they can plan for it Wtf none of this is about specific predictions in advance, it Never has been. Events occur which then match with posts made. Attached re Fisa Declas date - signed 17th Sep. 
Useless retard muted 
I can't stand this Faggot Maggot Neil Patrick Harris. He is like all of them an evil Pos 
David Lawrence. Another muzzie sympathizer. 
Fuck off, they can poke us Brits for a while until it goes off, this is in Speakers Corner and these muzzie cunts are deluded if they think that this would happen anywhere else. Sort out your own back yard ffs patronising cunt! 
Paesur don't be a cunt. A retard like me pick you to bits show the post you claim you didn't assume and undermine another person. You can't. 
I am done with the Gop. I refuse to be associated with such a nigger & kike loving faction. They deserve nothing from whites. 
The only thing that fat old twat can do is bag and tag that thing it calls a wife. 
Just as through the first defect in their [women’s] intelligence they are more prone to abjure the faith; so through their second defect of inordinate passions they inflict various vengeances through witchcraft. Wherefore it is no wonder that so great a number of witches exist in this sex. You are possessed by a demon, Feminist witch. 
Locked from twatter again for "unusual behavior", perhaps because I said the nigger word. Why not get prompted to delet tho? 
Still are a weakling who is ruled over by. Who is that rules you? Purely because you are a weakling. I am a epileptic cripple who shits bigger than you. 
Shits bigger, probably the opiates, good luck with that chinese fentanyl constipation 
No it has all to do with a being a Full Grown Man that owns my own situation. Naming the jew is for twats that squat to pee. Sorry buddy. Need to wipe? 
Yeah sure. Compared to your Nigger level blaming others. Oh the subhumans wont let me be a mighty superhuman. Fuck All. 
Niggers are here because the jews brought them, check the names of the slave ship owners, what a cohencidence. Less than 1% of white americans owned slaves, 40% of jews did. The nigger problem is part of the jewish question 
They are Here Period. Deal With That. Till then your Drivel about 'tis the Jews' is just the blather weak punks. Right. Truth is Nothing without Power you little punk dick sucker. 
Less than 2% of the us population controls all news, don't notice that amirite? Pay more attention to fox jews 
Hahahahahahhaah truth isn't a weapon, that is some funny ass talmudic bullshit right there kike. Does the Jidf pay well kike? 
Hemlock? That is the faggot subversive pedophile you know Socrates got for his 'truths'. Truth less than Hemlock. Simple really. 
Faggot subversive? If you projected any harder you could burn a shadow in the sidewalk. 
You anti jew people suck sand nigger cock 
Oy vey more hasbara, quick, this goy is too effective with memes better run back to israel with your pedophile friends 
Careful what you wish for. 
This isnt even my final form 
Guess who's bringing the sandniggers here, dipshit 
It was a Faggot In A Dress Moron. 
While you were ranting and raving- Bill Cosby, America's Nigger Dad Went To Prison! Hahahahaahahaha aaahahahahhaahahaa 
Only retarded person here is you, pussy. 
Obama and his cronies like Susan Rice running things at Netflix now. And that jihaditwat training camp was just found in New Mexico training kids to shoot up schools. Gee, I wonder what kind of propaganda they’re going to produce there? 
Obongo is still popular world wide cause ppl are fucking retarded. So Net-fucks is trying to expand internationally. Thats why they are hiring commies like the cunt Rice. 
Muslims didn't get their way, so they poisoned your food supply. Somali slimes, the worst ignorant scum mixing in their feces with your hamburger beef. Deport All Scum 
Well of course they did, , they hate us, , what else should people expect? Dont let them handle your food, 
Vancouver, Wa. On the other hand is 90% white, and zero raghead rats. It's clean. There's no crime, and people are smart and friendly. You can even watch the ignorant antifa across the bridge in Portland doing stupid things like throwing bottles at the police. Not in Vancouver. 
That spic is an honorary aryan! 
We need less empathy. Look where empathy has gotten us. Without empathy that nigger would be in chains or dead. 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
Piss on the nigger bitch 
Umm, you do know that Rohm was a well known faggot and that little Adolf was his best friend. Right? 
That faggot was killed in the Night of the Long Knives! Traitors & infiltrators die. Faggots included! I bet you don’t even know about that event bc you don’t know shit about the history of National Socialism except for what jews teach you. 
Degenerate kike lies. What’s new? Jews lie & they promote degeneracy. 
So, the pedo capital of the world is Lodon and you are protecting muzzrats. Got it. Hey you little basement dweller, , , fuck hitler, fuck the jews, fiuck the muslims, and fuck All socialists like you. 
Corey Booker is an mixed-race evil scumbag communist nigger 
Trudeau castro's bastard spawn is a world class cunt 
Opinion: Go away, cunt! 
1% Native American is not the end of the world. Might be for the purists. But 1% Nigger would be just awful. 
I just can't consider a person if they have even 1% in them. 
"Depicting whites as credit card fraudsters" In this case it is true for jews who look white. Carlos Slims is more semite than wetback 
The nog probably saw the Jew with the beanie and figured he had lots of shekels. If the nog really wanted to be racist he would have gone after a regular clean cut white dude or woman. Same with with nogs and gays. Criminal nogs aren't that anti-faggot, they just think faggots are an easily target with shekels - so they mug them. Watch some faggot might have a gun. 
I dont use it. I had an account for harrassing retarded leftist people but I cant even view the site unless I give them my phone #. 
"Racist bitter old men who happen to be stuck in the past. " Says the nigger who has connections to Black Lives Matter. If you really want to make a difference, go to Liberia, Ghana, or Nigeria. American white people have had enough of Blm. 
My faggot fucking grandpa wanted me to live amongst this, he wanted this for my future, he was so brave 
Your wife is a fucking whore for even considering being with a dumb proto human ape nigger like you. 
Hey, according to 23 and Me who totally aren't adding this to everyone's results in some failed attempt at shaming like you are right now I am like 0. 9% Sub-Saharan African. That means I can say nigger as much as I want. Those are the rules, racist. 
He's a dirty nigger period. 
Dont go away mad Just Go Away Retard 
What kinda fuckin retard turns into a prepper because of zombie films and shows? You dipshits know that shit aint real, right? 
In honor of the Npc, The Jew is really a highly functioning Npc with specialized programming techniques. Jews are an Npc! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
Exactly, they are programmed to be subversive Liars! 
The Cunt Awards Nominees for All Around Cunt Are Hillary Clinton Jake Tapper Maxine Waters Theresa May Justin Trudeau Whoopi Rosie O Donald 
Hillary wins for Old Moldy Cunt that smells like spoiled cabbage 
Will the great state of Maryland sink so low as to put a nigger in the Governors Mansion this November? 
Prison is too good for that wizened old scote Soros. Send the geriatric cunt back to Hungary after stripping him of Us citizenship. 
Once a Muslim Nigger, always a Muslim Nigger 
Does this mean Fred Reed could swing by & pick up a dozen wetback girls under 12, or would it go back to the way before Trump? Asking for a friend 
You wouldn't threaten to kill anyone in real life, so you only look like a bigger faggot doing it from behind a keyboard. 
I didn't threaten you, scared cuck bitch. 
Brett stevens is a faggot 
Fck off you sick cunt 
Now that you know just how retarded you are, I will not respond further. Don't waste your time, you won't be wasting mine. 
Don't try to backtrack now that i called you out for being a Hypocrite. Your the last person to be calling anyone an *Idiot* and a *Retard* when you stated Google plus is being taken down for *Too Much Freedom of Speech* when that's bullshit. It's being taking down for Security and Privacy Issues. Sit your ass the fuck down you Triggered Sjw 
Fyi Dumbfuck, I actually have used Google Plus in the Past. So the next time you want to assume someone hasn't used something when they have. Least have the decency not to assume something that you dont know jack shit about. Shut the fuck up and sit your ass the fuck down retard. 
This brain dead twat is a model 
Ahahahah Look At This Faggot 
Let me rephrase it, when atheist faggot pedophile activists pretend to be Christians for the purpose of violating children, that's called a 'felony', but when Jews give infants herpes while legally sucking blood from their penis, that's called as a 'religious right'. 
Every time I see a nigger named "Jenkins", the first thing that pops in my head is "jenkum". 
Yes, indeed, Molly, because Harvey Weinstein, Bill Cosby, Anthony Weiner, Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, R. Kelly, Matt Lauer, and Charlie Sheen are all die hard Republicans, right? 
My own personal opinion on all of this ford bs. Either Male Or FEMale, If You Do Not REPOrT It To The Police, It Did Not Happen! (If Raped To Get A Rape KIt No MOrE False Statements, Ruining INNoCENT People. FOr Tips On Gab Go To 
So if someone robs you or beats you to near death and you don’t report it, it never happened? What kind of a fucking retard are you? 
It was an accident of course, no Muslims would ever get jobs at airports then steal this stuff, they would never give it to thier half retarded cousin to blow up a plane. All Muslims love everyone & practice a religion founded in peace & love. 
Selling stuff on Letgo or offer up >hey is it available? <yeah >oh sorry thought you were closer not interested <what gave you that idea? >oh I'm a retard that can't read descriptions. 
Fuck Ovomit. That Nigger Should Have Never Been Elected! 
By voting instead of trying to start war and being shot? You are either an idiot, or another one of the Muzzo shills/trolls. 
Yes, it's a low Iq comment because a retard said so. Fuck off and pester someone else. 
If you like stability and civilization you should support monogamy. Is it not obvious that one of the reasons we had social stability is due to monogamy? Polygamy destabilizes the nation. Look at the Arab countries and terrorism. With chimps, the betas gang up on/kill the alpha. The Nap goes out the window if people aren't invested in the society. 
The most "stable" American society - Mormonism - was founded upon polygyny no, it can't be maintained indefinitely, but it is a means to overcome present adversities 
2/ Usually people that promote polygamy like Chris Cantwell think they are going to be one of the guys with like 4 girlfriends. This is obviously not the case (just look at him), serious self-delusion. They are going to be alone jerking off while people like the Golden One has harems of like 20 chicks. 
You probably have a deficiency in Iq. Others more inquisitive might be more interested in learning. 
I have already read the book to what passage, specifically, do you refer? What you're arguing isn't apparent because you refuse to state your argument 
You stupid fucking kike. For fucks sake. 
Again, all you've posted is a compare & contrast list "author says Jews are like this and Europeans are like that" it's as worthless as quoting the damned torah about Jews & goys what's the argument? (without the inaccurate, inarticulate, effete slurs, which also prove nothing) 
2/ You can just see how our societies were built. Aryans were a monogamous pair bonding people that relied on cooperation in the cold climates following the last ice age. You don't really need people to tell you that. The conclusions are so obvious that I shouldn't really have to go into further detail. 
And how is it different than you thinking you can fuck multiple women without consequence? It's the same retard degenerate nigger tier shit, just inverted. 
Today I was called a Nigger, a Kike and a White Supremacist. Lol 
Before the year is out. We'll all be called: Fascist Homophobe Islamophobe Sexist Racist Misogynist kike Nigger Transphobe White Supremacist All in one take. They can't use Pedo, or they'll out themselves and piss off their core funding. 
Niggers 
Fucking wankers! I’d kick that cunt repeatedly! Evil bastard! 
>limited character count oh that's right you're not pro lol. I never read Walking Dead, Fuck Game of Thrones, fuck Halloween, And I do like shooter games and hey someone's gotta beat Cho's high score man but please do try and have a logical argument with an autistic twat who prides himself in the finest shitposts on Gab and who values online debates the same as the crap that comes out of my ass. 
I don't really care about Roseanne, but how good would it be if they have to backtrack in some retarded way? Scenes freeze at random points, ghost Roseanne walks on and commentates on her family's life without her. Or they show the first episode where she dies and then the second one has it being all a dream. 
Irony: Listening to Trump while reading your post. Stock market up 270 points and Trump is kicking ass. The Left was killing America and I despised everything those bastards were doing. Obama called it the New Normal. I called it: Nigger Rigged! A Presidential Solution 
This fucktard should not be in Congress. I'm more of an American patriot than this fairy gay faggot and I'm originally from Canada. Even I know more about the Constitution than this dumb bitch, and I only took one American History course back in Grade 10. 
Nigger 
Shut up faggot. 
I grew up taking part in "hugging matches" while you played call of duty in a trailer. You insult my sport, I'm going to call you a faggot and offer a fight. That way you can see what a hugging match feels like. 
Disgusting they send Melania there specifically so she could be photoed cuddling niggers and niglets i feel So bad for her she’s probly fighting the urge to barf all over their nappy hayids all day long 
Cuddling a nigger as Whites are murdered by niggers. 
Enjoy your cage, you little bitch. 
Hey Hunt the Cunt enjoy your time being a Sperm receptacle for all those Black Bucks they love white boys with a beard it reminds them of their bitches holes! 
First time posting to this group directly. Dunno if any of you guys were watching but I *think* I just flushed out a Hasbarat Troll Team using the account There are three "confirmed" personalities attached to it. Caps Lock Nigga, Word Salad, and The Supervisor. You will be able to tell which Personality is posting by their mannerisms. 
Right well caps locks nigger is real because ive seen his hands in a food picture. 
If you like stability and civilization you should support monogamy. Is it not obvious that one of the reasons we had social stability is due to monogamy? Polygamy destabilizes the nation. Look at the Arab countries and terrorism. With chimps, the betas gang up on/kill the alpha. The Nap goes out the window if people aren't invested in the society. 
The most "stable" American society - Mormonism - was founded upon polygyny no, it can't be maintained indefinitely, but it is a means to overcome present adversities 
Well I don't think Mormonism is a "American society", it's like a religion or cult within a society. Mormonism works well in a host nation for a few reasons. 1. Most mormons aren't polygamous. 2. It's not all consuming like Islam (i. E. There are secular and women of other religions to feed on) 
2/ Usually people that promote polygamy like Chris Cantwell think they are going to be one of the guys with like 4 girlfriends. This is obviously not the case (just look at him), serious self-delusion. They are going to be alone jerking off while people like the Golden One has harems of like 20 chicks. 
You probably have a deficiency in Iq. Others more inquisitive might be more interested in learning. 
I have already read the book to what passage, specifically, do you refer? What you're arguing isn't apparent because you refuse to state your argument 
You stupid fucking kike. For fucks sake. 
Again, all you've posted is a compare & contrast list "author says Jews are like this and Europeans are like that" it's as worthless as quoting the damned torah about Jews & goys what's the argument? (without the inaccurate, inarticulate, effete slurs, which also prove nothing) 
2/ You can just see how our societies were built. Aryans were a monogamous pair bonding people that relied on cooperation in the cold climates following the last ice age. You don't really need people to tell you that. The conclusions are so obvious that I shouldn't really have to go into further detail. 
Mormonism is some retard tier shit, but I suppose there are worse religions. Most Mormons are just very nice (albeit gullible) people. 
Fuck a nigger. Better be ready to raise the kid yourself. They are polluting the blood stream of American fat chicks off spring. Pop out niglets for welfare too support on the backs of tax payers that work. 
I may not have been clear. She was not mudsharking when I met her. It was only after we were married and I was on deployment to Liberia when she met this nigger and later she had the nigger that later killed the Amish family's buggy horse. 
Lmfao she deleted them both. Quoting Yoko Ono is not a good thing who could have known that? Woman are the nigger of the world. 
It's not that she's brainless that bothers me, so much as there'll be fuckwits out there who believe it. Remember the guy from a year or two ago who said something like "Women were Chattel before feminism"? The absolute absurdity of this idea. 
"Women are the real nigger", I'm actually going to agree with liberals for the wrong reason. 
Lmao! No she didn’t! Thanks Bette for acknowledging niggers are shit! 
Why is B. Milder crying louder and longer about victim hood, than actual victims? B. Midler is beyond more privileged than then general population. But I don't here any actual victims above her crocodile tears 
Uh oh, Bette's a racist now! Whoopi, girl, you come lynch her jewish privilege! 
First you have to be of the feminine gender! 
Tucker Asks Jorge Ramos How Many Caravan Members He Was Taking In. "You don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals Someone better tell that to Mollie Tibbets and Kate Steinle Things got awkward fast after Fox News host Tucker Carlson asked Univision anchor Jorge Ramos to state exactly how many caravan members He planned to personally take in. Ramos, an outspoken immigration advocate, spoke with Carlson remotely on Tuesday from the caravan in southern Mexico. The Fox News host’s question came after the Univision host made several comments defending its members, including insisting unequivocally that none of them were from the Middle East. How many of these migrants are you taking in personally into your home and are supporting once they get into the United States? Carlson asked. I think that’s a great question and that’s precisely the kind of question that people like you ask when you don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals, responded Ramos. It has to do with nations. And what we have to understand is that these refugees are not a threat to the United States. I know that in Fox News Before you attack Fox, this is a simple question, Carlson interrupted. How many are you taking in? After a back and forth that included Ramos stating that immigrants’ desire to come is really a love letter to the United States, the Fox News host pressed again: I’m asking you a very simple question How many of these migrants are you personally taking responsibility for? How many are going home to Jorge’s place in Miami at the end of the day? And please be specific. I think that again this has nothing to do with individuals. I wish I could help all of them, responded Ramos. How about three? Asked Tucker. After another dodge, Carlson told Ramos: I could count on you to do a stand-up next to them but probably not to help them, I noticed. People are very upset about the migrant crisis, Carlson told the audience after Ramos had signed off. Not upset enough to help personally but upset enough to demand that you help. 
And of course as with most retarded libs, he never answered the question. 
Now I can tell all the liberals that I'm totally not racist. That basically means everyone else is a nazi because I have the mentality of a retard child, with severe psychiatric problems. 
When an ignoramus immigrant cunt tells you what's wrong in your own house. Time to sweep the scum out. 
Gay Muslim Drag Queen Vs Dyke Feminist Flat Earth Creationist 
When you insult a check mark like @a 
Sorry I can't imagine being a nigger who can't read. 
"random insults and kvetching because you are ignorant of my pedophile ways" "Oh and you are the mad one" 
"I made a mistake" "Actually no I didn't" The absolute state of niggers 
Faggot 
Lol, i love getting these moronic christians & catholics to admit this shit. Hilarious as fuck You're white, but you practise a religion which tells you to love niggers. Ok, so why. 
No it doesn't niggers are not people. 
Ok, but why do you practise a religion which tells you Jews, sand niggers, chinks, are all one in christ, regardless of race? Can you answer that without being retarded? Lol 
"Herman Goering was a tranny" - Any evidence of that besides he-said-she said rumors? 
Debunked by Jews who eagerly push the gay pedo agenda. One of the authors is Christian so get that straight. Coz wiki told you it's fake you believe That? Give your head a shake (who) controls the media? 
Ok now you are starting to sound like a jew. Empirical evidence? How do you prove someone isn't gay. The empirical evidence suggests they are. Hitler's officer in ww1 wrote notes and said Hitler had a man whore with him during the war. The officer was a gentle and this was when Hitler was a nobody. Explain. Read those books then refute 
Honestly. I do not believe you are Jewish. I said you started to sound like one. It was you who accused me of being a jew. I can't wait to see the face on sjws smug mugs when I out the Nazis. Their whole faggy worldview Btfo 
I didn't say you were a Jew, that was the other guy you're arguing with who said that. I'm just saying your evidence is lacking and most of the writers behind these books are Jewish which sort of complicates your narrative that "Jews are covering up the fact Nazis were gay" when its Jewish authors writing books about it. Pretty funny stuff. 
Look you should read those books. Scott lively is a Christian minister. Furthermore the debunkers are all Jews and homos so I suppose we are at an impasse. We are most likely on the same side. I call myself a white Zionist as opposed to Wn. Because how could Jews oppose me if all I'm advocating is for our ppl to have a place like Israel we can call our own. 
Didn't you see the mamzers' responses after Dickie Spence referred to himself as a "White Zionist"? They laughed in his face. That sort of underhanded slyness is characteristic of the kikes themselves, and it doesn't work. 
P. S I think you miss used the word mamzer. Mamzer is Hebrew for half breed or someone with a shiksa mother or a bastard. Is that what you meant? 
You are a fucking tranny loving ns faggot. Hitler lost. My relatives killed the gay Nazis because the eternal Anglo will save the white race not autistic homo teutons you s and m Nazi fetish faggot 
Your Daily Reminder: Jesus was a socialist and said rich folks burn in Hell forever. If you don't know that, you have no remote clue what's in the Bible. 
I didn't say there wasn't, I said there was, Downbreed. But there was no light for 300, 000 years. Both exactly like the Bible says, Downbreed. 
You didn't say there wasn't, you said there was, sound like a raghead bumfuck to me. 300K? Where do you get that? Shitforbrains. The world is flat! 
This is your brain on drano. 
Most of the third world doesn't need GMOs, either - outside of nigger Africa, famine has been nearly eradicated worldwide, and that is without food aid. I feel this was a mistake from our perspective, as new crop strains (invented by whites) have caused the global non-white population to skyrocket. 
You buy Anything from a muslim business, you are financing a hit on yourself. Same with jewish businesses. They hate you more than you can ever hate them. Grow a pair, don't be a lazy twat and boycott every Middle-Eastern and Asian business you can. 
No wonder he loves all those nigger "refugees. " Have you seen his old crone wife? Politically correct degeneracy. 
He sure is nigger but he's using a different name that you don't know. Hahahahahahahahaha! Cry more little faggit. Hahahahaha! 
God is on Gab you say? Which account is his? Cuz I’d be interested in asking the nigger-loving faggot how the whole White Genocide thing fits into his divine plan. 
I’ll beat your God to a pulp and then fuck him in his ass until his rectum is a fountain of blood, and make his mother watch while I do it. 
Says the drug addict living with mummy and daddy. How's that 98. 00 in the bank spent it yet! You fucking retard 
"Muslims have more rights in the Me than anywhere else in the world. " I know that nigger is a trip coding faggot on 8chan I Hurd! 
Paul Joseph Watson Went Full Retard About Alt-Right 
This stupid cunt should've stayed home and be a mother to her children. 
Well, you won't get any "denial, distance, or false faggotry" from me. You apologize for Lone Tards doing what Lone Tards do then you get to own it. 
Far better for them Spawn of Satan jews like most niggers to figure out that pretty much every White Man is a Nazi or "The Boss Man. " Showing them that you are a worthless whigger means you got to pay and they will collect. You want back in the bowel Movement then you can't wuss out, Moan Parrott. 
No. Jew since my birth. Got the Jew penis, Jew hair and very fortunately Jew intellect to prove it. Yeah, having the Jew penis sucks. I ain't no Wilt Chamberlin that's for sure. But for Asian chics, doesn't matter. They're used to that Chinaman penis. 
Omg! Omg! Omg! Most advanced! Double meanings exist Blockading Russia? Us Interior Secretary's Dangerous Threat To Blockade Russian Energy Exports Going full retard pushing the Bear. 
Now then lets get real. You fucktards Hate the retirees yet it is your generation that voted that muslim nigger and his puppet masters into power 10 years ago. So if you wanna blame someone, billybob, look in a fucking mirror 
Id rather be ignorant and uneducated than retarded and indoctrinated. 
More proof that Gab is nothing but a raging trash fire. Here's that faggot smeg sucker tighty whitey making posts here today, after making threats like this, which were reported, Months ago. Ain't it funny how Gab admin act so quickly to Nsfw a users entire account for posting naughty shit, but they Do Nothing with assclowns like tighty here? 
Fuck Your sexist bullshit you rotten cunt or cucked faggot, which ever you are. We burned Rosewood & Greenwood to the ground over skanks like you lying about rape. 25% of the black men lynched in the South were accused of rape by lying cheating whores like you. And don't forget Salem. You morally bankrupt Title 9 hosebags will burn people at the stake just because you don't like them. 
Swedenstan is now a fag nation that sucks muzzie dicks 
I am so not Jew, it would be like yelling at an albino on the street, Hey, Nigger, lol, you guys crack me up! Your shear ignorance, lol, clowns, lol! 
I think that might be a step up for this twaddle burger? 
You shut the fuck up you degenerate kike cretin. Kikes are genetically deranged, and must be removed for literal Good. Go back to rimming your nigger rabbi, so you can eat all the feces you spew, you bacterium. Just Die. 
Tommy is a Zionist shit stirrer! A blind retard can see that! 
How dare you slander the Great One! Your penence is to shower you filthy nigger loving like! 
Cunt Chinese bullshit. Won’t work. Total garbage. Cunts. 
Well it's a very retarded and irresponsible way to approach this issue, that can get many people killed. If you don't know how to engage in conversation and debate like a civilized person you should just shut up. 
- As these heeb faggots kvetch and cry for the end of the white man. We are still here. Soon these heebs will regret not just going into obscurity. Whitey is going to start fighting back and I don't think these heebs will have an army of whitey to stop it this next time around. 
Sure you do, faggot. Why else would you respond. You are the faggot npc triggered by the aggro. 
The muslim nigger terrorist obama needs death. The hussein needs it's limbs ripped off and his tongue seared with a hot poker 
Another reason to bring back the bull whip. Niggers like torture, we'll give the nigger torture. 
She screamed at Senator Orin Hatch How dare you talk that way to a woman. Fuck that filthy cunt is what I say to her 
How about 60 vaccines by age 18 that guarantee 1 in 37 to become Retarded? 
>Muh Welfare State Enjoy watching a whole fuck ton of white people die and stop breeding because they no longer have a (very shitty already) support system. 
I am under no obligation to support the breeding of morons who will eventually kill me. 
Baltimore has the highest percentage of non-profits in nation. Absolute nigger + libber white shithole. Churches are full of faggots and phonies. 
Had someone on youtube say they live in Moscow and how all the Russians know how muzzies are the best people. 1st. Called them a muzzie dick sucker, 2nd told them to let some muzzie men babysit their daughter, 3rd told them I was joking don't do that, 4th they always try to convert everyone, 5th they think its funny to fuck kafir on business deals. Ive seen it tons. 
Muslims Eat Dog Shit 
And fuck kids. 
Haha. If you love muzzies, you don't know muzzies. 
I posted yesterday about the MoD offering 10k welcome back packages to soldiers they'd sacked for drugs offences if they returned. Clearly they are desperate for soldiers & clearly they have plans that require them, Syria again? Iran? Or is May going to go full retard & take Russia on directly? 
Tl; Dr - Wetback driving pisses porchmonkeys off, dindu caps el neeenyo. Thankfully nobody es muerte. 
Fuck U nIGGERS! 
Get Down Nigger 
Ratchet-ass nigger mama wants 'justice'? You got it, goomba! We'll start publicly horse-whipping you bastard-breeding, fat asses every time you cry for Justice for your fucked-up, retarded criminal spawn! Now That would be justice! Don't want your 12-yr old handcuffed? Then Stop Allowing Shootings At Your Flop-House Section 8 'Home'! God damn they are getting dumber by the day! 
Poor Little Faggot Looks Like He Could Do With Some Pork Chops Inside Him, Instead Of Black Dicks. 
This left-wing troll cunt allowed to run rampant on Fakebook confederate pages 
The cunts friends/sock puppet accounts 
Retarded Democrats will believe anything as they are all gulible morons to the Racist Lying Jew news! 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
She would be attracted to a faggot it all makes sense now how she acts on the view. 
What would you feel like if your own son was a transfag? What would you say in public, "She's my daughter & I love her. "? In private: 
He says in the morning at breakfast "pls pass the butter", when ironically what he really wanted to say was You Ruined My Life You Loser Faggot 
He's juggling sand nigger cocks to suck off in between 
Megyn's probably chewing her cunt lips now in regret for Trump assassination during the debate. She could be riding the Tucker Carlson Train all the way to the top rating. 
Things are looking up for retarded Aussies only. For the rest of us, Apocalypse come already, the world and our Australia is gone. 
He's still a nigger. I still don't care what monkeys thinks. I don't care what Tay tay thinks. She shouldn't be allowed to vote anyhow. But she can have her own opinions. Just makes my wife hotter to me. But after the sting of it, any one of /ourside jumps ship bc trump saids so. You're a degenerate nigger lover. So fuck you gay niggers from outer space. 
Should be more niggers wearing them and fewer Whites. Unless they happen to look like J-Roc from Trailer Park Boys. Then they can wear that nigger shit. 
I turned down requests for interviews from them because I don't want to work with a bunch of overly emotional head cases, nor would I be able to stomach their retarded sensitivity training regimen. Their culture is complete garbage and only deluded drones like working there. 
Fuck off geldof spud cunt 
Lol this faggot has a posting career: 
When Trump made those retarded comments about Snowden it pissed me off pretty bad, the Nsa spying shit is a huge deal to me. It was to Democrats too. During the Bush years. They didn't hold Obama and certainly not Clinton to those same standards. 
Just your typical inbred Democrat. 
Muzzie incest, who would have thought? 
People need to gang up on these animals, in most cases you will outnumber them easily, grow some balls and tear these bastards to pieces where they stand ffs. They do this exactly Because no cunt has a spine to do anything. 
Sir The Qur'an commands Muslims to violently subjugate Jews and Christians. , , , , , , could this be the elephant in the room? 
The jew is the puppet master using everyone against everyone once again. We are waking, but slowly. 
Dude if every cell in your body has a Y-Chromosome then you are a stupid faggot and identified above Lol 
Trump has me in pieces. Liberals and Cnn are in a dark place Don lemon on cnn having a meltdown. Half cast cunt bragging about assault. Playing the 14 year old recording. No one cares 
Nigger 
Faggot 
That old ass retard "Tiny" will have lost all his mind by 2020 you stupid fuckstick. 
Look at these two pickle pirates. 
Smuggest faggot on earth. 
Taylor Swift is turning her fanbase against Zionist (Marsha Blackburn. Anglin is having a melt-down because he's a Mossad propagandist. Wake up niggers. 
People went batshit crazy over her personal opinion and it's not that deep if she only opposes parts of the 2 party system which is retarded itself okay? Thx for coming to my Ted talk 
One ghetto nigger shuts up a faggot. Absolutely hilarious. It seems that this fag has no idea what this nigger was talking about. Probably never seen one so up close. Someone yells to fag: "Piss your pants already! " 
Another sjw feckless cunt 
Cunt seems like a fitting name. 
The muzzie already got eliminated from the governor race in Michigan 
Great read. I laughed my ass off but I don't think they intended it to be funny. Like the Sjw couple that just got killed bicycling through muzzie Shitheadistan. They went on a peace ride and wound up in pieces. Funny as fuck. 
By far the dumbest rationale for the Us involving itself in sand nigger wars is "the Muzzlims persecute Lgbtq people". Even worse than "they oppress their women". I swear to god Americans have the collective memory of a goldfish. When we put boots on the ground in Iraq, homosexuality was still illegal in 14 states. Do we bomb ourselves next? 
B-b-b-but. Dems 'n hajis R da Real "homophobes, " tho! 
Sesame. Dumb ass white middle-class crap for retarded children. It's made millions of white kids mental retards! 
The homeschooling idea is good, just don't send them to school, if a social wanker comes to the door beat the cunt unconscious then lock the door, leave by the back door and go to grandma's for a month. 
There you go yet again, you are a retarded skipping record, i never claimed soros was a nazi-Never-you fucktard. I merely stated the Fact that he worked for them. Geeezus son, is your moma also your sister? 
Omg lol, I just caught the fucking in one fucking humongous ass fucking lie. This makes me question the whole entire Dna bullshit, especially in 23andMe. My first cousin from my mother's side, not my dad's side just connected with me in 23andMe. According to his results, my mom's side is 100% European while according to my results everything that is not European is descending from my mom's side. So my dad's side makes me 50% European while my mom's side is questionable. Now listen to this my cousin, on the other hand, is a lot more European than I am and his mother's side (My aunt - mother's sister) is 100% European. How can this be? If my mother and his mother were sisters then shouldn't both be 100% European? You just fucked up big time and I am calling you out on this. If you got it out for me at the very least leave the truth out of this. Fuck you Juden, now I know I cannot trust anything you do! Fuck you and your Dna bullshit, you have just proven to me that your knowledge about Dna is just as shallow as your knowledge of economics. Oh, I know how you rob us! 
They dropped the Jew on me though. I really did piss them off lmao. To make up for the dropping of the Jew they increased the nigger by a lot by. 3% from. 1%. Holy shit that is a 80% increase in Nog. They also went with Nigerian but my cousin has zero yes zero Nigerian even though his mom and my mom were sister. My mom pased away. By the way my mom's side of the family is the one with the blond hair, both blue and green eyes (rare) and very fair light skin. This is no coincidence at all. 
I want to see this traitorous muslim faggot in jail in the worse way. 
The one braincelled Justine Castro Trudump aka Turd complete with his faggot socks 
Looks like a faggot list 
We need a new Hitler Youth movement. There was a time when boys were trained to become men. Not a bunch of hippy cunt homos like your list. 
You certainly do have the right to speak freely, but, i get to call you a faggot for spamming my anime group and then report you as spam, so your faggot posts which are Not Anime get removed. Moron. 
Wow, I thought that last bunch of retard Nazis were lame. You are a pathetic Nazi. Is this all you have? Nazis are supposed to be badass. Wtf is going on here. I think the Nazis have been infiltrated by Antifa pussies. 
Obama, if that is his real name, may have been the first African-American Us President but Donald Trump is the first Real Nigger President. It's official X-D 
Better muzzle that knock kneed cunt or kiss 2020 goodbye. 
London Police Boss Defends Deputy Who Hid in Car During Westminster Attack, Says He Led Response ‘With Distinction’ Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick has defended her deputy after he was roundly condemned for staying in his car with the doors locked during the Westminster terror attack. Sir Craig Mackey, who was Acting Commissioner at the time of Khalid Masood’s attack outside the Palace of Westminster, told an inquest he was at the scene when the jihadist struck, but remained in his car with the doors locked and watched as he fatally stabbed unarmed Pc Keith Palmer, as he had no protective equipment, no radio, [and] two colleagues with me who [were] quite distressed. He briefly opened the car door after a plainclothes police protection officer who happened to be nearby neutralised Masood, but closed it again and moved out to start putting everything we need in place back at headquarters. Sir Craig’s conduct has been roundly condemned by Police Federation representatives, retired officers, and serving officers who commentate anonymously on social media, with many suggesting he be stripped of his knighthood and police medal or even prosecuted for neglect of duty. Commissioner Dick, however, has offered strong support to her Deputy due to retire with a substantial index-linked pension in a matter of weeks claiming he had absolutely no opportunity to stop the killer or save Pc Palmer. Anyone who suggests otherwise is simply wrong. The actions he was able to and did take were to protect the unarmed police staff colleagues who were in the car with him, she added the actions in question being to being to stay put in his vehicle. He went on to lead the Met’s response to the attack with distinction, she added. Sir Craig has also been backed by Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu but a perception that senior officers are circling the wagons around their embattled colleague is not being received well by rank-and-file officers. A credible police leader would charge the enemy, risking their own life if necessary, when their Constables are being killed in front of them, tweeted ‘Inspector Gadget’, a popular police blogger and author of Perverting the Course of Justice. Mr Basu fails to acknowledge [that] the highest ranking police officer at the time drove away whilst one of his men lay dying behind him, chimed in another pseudonymous officer. An Mp with no protective equipment tried to save Pc Keith Palmer but [Sir Craig] couldn’t even stop to check on him. Unacceptable. Forget risk assessing an incident, forget weighing up options. It’s past that point. A police officer is under attack and you’re witnessing it. Go And F*Cking Get Involved. A colleague, a brother needs help and needs it now, added a third. As senior officers are so keen on implying in the media it was one of Your officers who needed help, then and there. And You drove away. There is nothing. Nothing. Anyone can ever say that changes my mind on this. Craig Mackey is a coward and not fit to be a police officer. Commissioner Dick has been no stranger to harsh criticism since she took up her position as London’s top cop under the mayoralty of controversial Labour politician Sadiq Khan. Full Story: 
What a horrible twat that woman is. The embodiment of trough-snuffling Common Purpose filth. 
A carpet munchers with a furry tongue 
Cressida Dick the only thing missing from her - apart from a brain! Proves women should stick to womens jobs! 
How Can U Hear Any Responses If These Asshole Pigs Keep Yelling Over Each Other. Little Faggot Pussy Boys R Shitting Bricks. Scared Little Punks. And When R U Dumb Fucks Going To Carry A Window Breaker? Instead Of Hittin G The Window With Your Fucking BAToNS? Asshole Morons. 
Goddamn Stupid Fucking Pigs. It Takes 2 Braindead Piglets To Try To Break A Fucking Side Window & Then They Still Don'T Succeed. Fucking Morons Man. U Can C Why All Pigs Need Training Just To Get Them Out Of The Category Of Braindead Morons & Up To A Classification Of Idiots. 
Muhammad sucks donkey dicks, eats donkey shit, drinks faggot piss! 
. Christmas came early, Trump wants to take me wetback hunting! 
Have at it. White women have lowered themselves to either cunt lickers or nigger lovers, they are not oppressed anymore. 
Randomercam has some pretty good vids where he uses puppets in them to take a shit all over people, it's where Jim was a bit off with the puppet thing, those are his best vids on his channel. The Quartering is a 90 Iq faggot with Zero principles. Used to follow him til' he got his vagina burnt. 
Yes not-so-rosie mccclownel, I wanted to do the same many times while Your first muslim, anti-American, lowlife nigger was squatting in our house, but it didn't happen, so don't hold your breath, or better yet, please do and rid this country of your misery! 
Lol, the people follow you, defending you, are just as retarded as you are. Says alot, get out jew. 
But thats wrong you fucking retard 
Her profile said she was a maga/trump supporter but not Q, like bitch how retarded are you? Lol 
Stupid niggers. 
She's dead. You suck dead nigger dicks. 
"Hah I let some smelly nigger impregnate me and now I'm single and battered I bet that really makes you racists mad" "I let his brother fuck me too, racists Btfo" 
Add stripe to the list of places to visit Charlie Hebdo style, together with alphabet, twatter, the fag and his nigger bf, faceberg etc 
Look at all those faggot presenting their asses! 
Obama was a raging fag fucker. Sexual degeneracy and depravity was his main catalyst to being the nigger who never was becoming president. 
Elect Phgelbs in Wentworth and she is a Alp's Stooge and Shortens Climate change concubine, and she will open the borders, and let Satanic evil in our nation. Thurdbull needs a bullet in his head, yes a real cunt And Scomo get us fuck out of Un and Paris, both are full of Crap 
86-12% of Moslim slime are on welfare, that is good living, isn't it? When I came in 56 I got 6 month dental care, kick up the arse, and by age of 12 I had 3 jobs, I never ever received any dole, Never looked for a job a job always found me. Cut welfare to all Moslims slime 
### a Dead Alp+Green and Molsims slimy maggots is a healthy way to eradicate evil from the nation 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Sorry. Jews have a specific ethnicity. So whether you hate just Jews or other semites too, it is still a type of racism. Hating blacks in America but not blacks in Africa is still racist isn't it. You can hate the Jewish religion, Judaism, if you like, without hating all Jews. That's just bigotry ) 
Well it is intolerance to those who hold different opinions. Religion is after all just opinion isn't it. I excuse myself from bigotry for hating Islam because that is just an evil ideology and we've seen it in action ) 
That is what you said "Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism are not clearly disgusting to normal people. So hating them for no reason is bigotry. " Now you're changing it. 
I haven't changed anything. I repeat that. Most normal people don't find those religions clearly disgusting do they. So hating them for no reason is bigotry. What's changed? 
Johann you love arguing with people, fair play, free speech. I'm a lawyer, I can get you reparations for your missing foreskin 
Lol Don't tell me that, I might chop it off. I'm a bit of a twat like that ) 
Pathetic. This Lgbtqwtf land whale, who's in the Ohio U senate and - wait for it - a Journalism Major, was arrested for falsely reporting death threats. She left the "hateful, anti-gay" notes herself. (goal: Jewish Lackey) 
One thing Darling you outdone yourself if Even you think that someone would Sexually assault you. Even a Deliverance Hillbilly wouldn't even Touch your Butt with his Banjo. 
That cunt mayor needs to be executed There Is Only Two Fucking Genders! 
Share bacon with a muzzie today then shoot 'em. 
America's first Nigger Presidunce. The Rapist in Chief. Cocaine Billy of the magical Cigar. 'Better put some ice on that' Arkancide Cowboy. I could go on for a week with the piece of shit clinton. 
Diane message is not directed at you you are exposing "scam men" accounts - - - notice if I follow you and you post this garbage - - - - - - we will no longer be followers - - - the rest of the world can do as they please post filth I will block your account plain and simple porn or faggot shit Only topic I block or ban I always check before return-follow 
Nigger Jackson Lee is a bad person. 
Cunt faces 
Yes. When I was in Switzerland told that all reservists (99% male population) took loaded rifles home. Gee whizz zero burglary rate! Courts Will Not Convict. Compare with Uk, Tony Martin case. Norfolk Police nigger central. 
Awful my daughter needs a nigger like oj to date 
Makes a point. 
Is this similar to the point the black men make when they fuck this guys wife? Jesus Chirst this account Loves based niggers more than life itself 
1. What? You don't know Wtf you are talking about! First of all his name is Scott Presler and he doesn't have a wife. Scott Presler is a gay male. Scotty is an American Patriot to whom I am proud of. Next you disrespected The Holy Name of our Messiah Jesus Christ of Nazareth and Fuck You Bitch. 
Hahaha I was just implying he was a faggot because of his political cucking but turns out he really is one >Zealot Christian >loves gays Yes I'm the desecrator. 
Yes I am a Zealot Christian! Yes I do love American Black People, who you called n-ggers. Yes I do love gays that are not pedophiles and are not pushing the liberals perverted agendas, but who are Americans and who believe in Freedom For All Americans & America First. Yes I do love the Patriot White People on the Earth and the liberal whites can all fuck off and die. 
I am not a liar. I am also not a fool to get trapped in your liberal bullshit and harm my own people as well as myself. See you want to play liberal word games and I am not going to play that Bs. You also want me to agree with white skin color worship when white liberals are fucking white people over along with liberal jews. I will not play the liberal games! 
You dont want to have the convo. You lied. You just admitted it 
I cant quote you anymore your trash is polluting my feed 
Not Now! Shut your beta male mouth! I will hit you back after the 2018 Midterms. 
Goodbye 
Nobody gives a fuck what you do bitch! 
Is he fucking that nigger bitch? 
Faggot 
Lying cocksucker. You must be a fucking jew. Twitter will Not allow criticism of kikes. In this case they are more afraid of the nigger than the semenite. 
It means I live in close proximity to, and have a lifetime experience of living around, having to go to school with, having to work with, and having to go to the same grocery store with motherfucking sub human, knuckle draggging, ape level Iq Niggers. How’s that? 
I’ve seen a video of two African men killing a white woman. She falls to the ground on her back and they both kneel down on her right side. One starts stabbing her in the abdomen while she shakes and convulses trying to move her arms, unsuccessfully, to block the stabs, while the other one up by her head hacks at her neck with the machete. It must have been dull because it wasn’t doing the job, so he starts trying to saw at her neck with the blade. That still doesn’t do the job, so now he stands up and starts hacking at her neck very hard. By this time she’s dead, but when he hacks at her neck her whole body convulses really quick like she just got a large electric shock. Finally, he’s hacking but the body no longer convulses. The head finally separates from the body and he brings it close to the camera and then the video cuts out. In addition, both with what I’ve read and what I’ve heard black people scream in real life, they are not interested in reconciliation, harmony and brotherhood/sisterhood, no they want fucking pyback. It’s not the proximity, it’s the experience. If I moved to North Dakota and never saw a nigger again, I’d still feel the same way bc I’m experienced, no longer naive, no longer oblivious. My eyes have been opened, And I wish I could show that video to you, it got scrubbed. Wish I still had it so I could go to the local university and show silly white bitches and tell them to remember this video when they vote. LoL, if they saw it they’d probably would get ptsd. Shock has a certain value. And I don’t give a damn if you believe me or not. When my parents are gone I’ll be living in Okinawa living my retirement studying *real* karate with the student descendents of the original masters. Have fun pillow biter, bc niggers have a certain proclivity to be extremely homophobic. A former gay friend admitted that to me a long time ago. To you, I’m a white nationalist racist bigot blah blah blah, but to me, you’re a naive, unknowledgeable white privileged (there’s a big downside to white privilege) and that’s unfamiliarity with violence or dark side of human nature up close and personal, in your face, never been in a race riot have you) 
That woman is a retard 
Report me for what faggot, wrongthink? Eat a dick! 
He's either retarded or an elaborate troll. I think there has to be a second Poe's Law. "It is impossible to tell a retard from a person trolling as a retard" 
Good, blast yourself you fuckin Europhobic faggot jew brownnoser! 
36% nigger in total, what an absolute shit hole 
Speak for yourself but I don't have to act like a sand nigger to do it. 
Q Anon is a retard psyop 
But the askeNAZI Jew filth is the enemy to the World! Jews are human sewage! 
Yes, please show your incredible ignorance! You don't know that about 95% of the people who call themselves Jews are Khazarian Russians converted in the 7th century and they are askeNAZI Jews? My that would be actually looking at Facts something a Retard like you would never do! You just believe all the Racist askeNAZI Jew Lies and be a good little monkey brain! Obviously Jews are sub human beasts and inferior scum when you look at Facts! But you won't because they brainwashed you well with the Racist Jewish Supremacist media and sewage of Hollywood! These are Facts again which you will not look at will you? You are Ignorant! 
It seems that that soy boy faggot only fights women. What a coward like all "male" feminists. 
Christians here would want us to believe how jewish cult of islam is a great religion too, just like their jewish cult of christianity is, only and only because they managed to build a couple of pretty amazing buildings. Look what islam has built, islam must be great Lol Arguing with morons is a waste of time Christian arguments are as dumb as their death cult is 
You moron, you are really This dumb that you can't read sarcasm? You won nothing, I was just mocking your retarded argument that your death cult is oh so great religion because christians have built few cool buildings. Moslems have built maybe even more cool buildings, so according to your ''logic'' death cult of islam is a great religion too. Get lost, idiot. 
I’m not afraid or disgusted of White Women, but if a woman does indeed fuck a nigger than I’m not going to give her a pass just because race mixing is promoted by kikes. 
The Anti-FirstAmendment faggot stomping around his mom's basement was amusing. 
Looks like that annoying cunt Ben Shapiro. He has a punchable face. 
Hey, Keith Ellison! Are you a dirty stinkin Sand Nigger by any chance? You smell like one! 
. It's getting harder and harder not to use the word nigger these days. 
Look at the faggot army, What a Joke. Fools 
I'm bantzing a retard with low verbal Iq, can't seem to read the word jew, wants to argue semantics, so I obliged her. If she can't handle the bantz she can stop responding 
California is now an official Shithole and communist run country. Human feces left on public streets, tent cities, mexicans, niggers, homeless whites, faggots sexing in the streets of San Francisco in front of children, strident lesbians screaming at men, homes and businesses of the few conservatives vandalized as the owners are attacked. A nigger mayor in San Francisco had to step over drug syringes in the street in order to get to a news podium. But the most telling fact is the recent run of celebrities selling their mansions at cut rates as they move East. Only hookers, pimps and Jews will be left in Hollywood as the exodus continues. 
App You, Mad'm Naim is a super dumb cunt with an Iq about subzero. 
The Fbi affidavit used as an excuse to imprison Rise Above Movement members uses information sourced from a fucking Antifa blog to categorize the group. It's laughable, it's a sham. It's happening. This set up must be combated with every last legal resource dissidents can muster. 
The Alt Right does not need moderation; it needs focus. With that, the crazies naturally get excluded. 
The Alt-Right is either being dishonest or extremely cowardly. If you truly. Truly believe there is an ethnic cleansing of the European peoples, as I do, are you really going to back down because of a fucking lawsuit? Are you really going to act like a bunch of scared pussies because of Antifa? No! You would risk your life to stop it anyway. Thats what I do 
Antifa show up at our public events for a reason. Presenting yourself to the world as an "anti-fascist" is more popular and garners more publicity and sympathy than holding your own events as a violent anarchist or communist without "Nazis" in your frame These people want to engage with us to promote their own cause. It is a tactic we have responded to poorly 
It’s extremely disappointing to see how many people see how bad Antifa extremists look at the Kavanaugh hearings, Utr 2, in Portland, etc and are itching to get in the streets & be the right-wing equivalent. I’ve developed a model which allows us to stand up for white interests without going to jail or being an embarassment to our allies in elected office. 
If they are rioting in Congress, attacking Rainbow Confederates, fighting with Gavin McInnes and the Proud Boys and Patriot Prayer and beating up Trump supporters and attacking Us senators, why get in the middle of that? Why not just stay out of it? 
That’s what I’ve been doing. It’s not an excuse for complete inaction indefinitely. We should be organizing, strategizing and preparing for the future not making excuses. It certainly isn’t an excuse for doing nothing back on August 12th. I can’t believe I was the only one who tried to do anything while the Alt-Right was helping spread Msm blackpills. 
1) 91% of the population of Dc voted for Hillary Clinton. Who are we supposed to be winning over there? 2) Of the conservatives who live in Dc or nearby, the vast majority are working in some politically correct government job. They are by far the most closeted people in the entire country 3) Why did you think those people would come to an event called UTR2? 
You honestly think the point of doing activism in Dc is trying to win over the local population? No, it’s because its the seat of the most powerful government in the world & a good location for making issues globally relevant in a way they wouldn’t be in Tallahassee, Birmingham, or most other locations. 
Who lives in Dc? Politicians. Black people. Antifa. Hostile journalists. Deeply closeted conservatives. The crazy shitlibs who disrupted the Kavanaugh hearings. Virtually no one who is remotely sympathetic to our cause. In the Birmingham and Tallahassee areas, we have actual supporters who live within a 2 hour drive who we can network with 
There is a difference between activism & Alt-Right networking Alt-Right: Meet up with Jethro & Clampett to drink beer in an apartment, Sieg Heil & power trip about a 4th Reich Real activism: make a statement on a national stage & look professional (ie no Nazi garbage) so you might influence pending legislation like The Wall or a judicial nomination 
You're a faggot and nobody listens to you. 
Name one positive trait any mud has. 
Basketball is a child's game and has no real value. Nigger dance and music is garbage. I like steak and potatoes. Nothing, no 
Livin in a world where your fake american kenyan puppet nigger changed the rules cuz y'all thought you were gonna win forever. Not so fast asshole. 
Garbage. Give it a fucking rest idiot. Who ever wrote that book is a Low Iq Twat just like the Name the Jew Clowns are Low Iq buttfuckers whose 'information' comes from Jews, Fags and Subversives. The Church did more to combat than nazis ever did. Fucking Goons. 
I want legislation that from today forward, Every Coat Hanger, Must be covered with Staph to ensure any baby-murderers Die as a result of killing their babies! Plus, they Cunt vote if they are dead! 
Well, you can, you just look like a Fuk-Kin Retard 
Wow, aren't you retarded 
Imagine being this cucked. 
What a cunt 
Not the first time this nigger has done this. 
There it is. The most mind-numbingly retarded thing I've read all day. 
I read somewhere that this is a muzzie test for adultery. If it burns her tongue, she's guilty. 
Just another Trump hating twat on Democracy Now 
That cnn alleged lady look like a dude for sure 
A lot of truth spoken in jest. If they did have these 2 categories, I think they may have won over a few more retarded people. Seriously 
If you were truly an introvert you wouldn't need human contact. Lock yourself in the bathroom for a week without any radio, books, or any indirect human contact and then try to make your retarded claim. People don't wear you out; your inability to govern how they treat you is the real culprit. 
Retarded whore 
The Proud Boys were able to wrestle the streets of Portland away from the judeo-left even though the latter had home field advantage and a very sympathetic Mayor (Ted Wheeler. Theyre ready to charge into Berkeley, Manhattan (where Hillary got like 90% of the vote), and so on. Compare to some alt-rights retreating into autism and ironybro faggot shit. 
The proud nigger lovers haven't accomplished jack shit in Portland and other leftist cities. Antifa is still marching in the streets, blocking traffic, threatening citizens, and getting away with it. 
"Clean your room" faggot hates winning 
Lol Just like a good Little sand Nigger Muslim aint you 
I can tell u r still getting your information from retarded morons. Why is it so many of you morons think the earth is Flat? Even your Nazi heros knew the earth was round. 
Dirty nigger 
You will find that people may engage with you more if you were less cryptic. Here nobody can be sure whether you are laughing at or with the twat Linehan? I suspect with but I could be wrong 
David Greco Goodbye chum. Muted If there is one thing i hate as much as zionist its nazi scum. Mentally retarded boy raping queers! Anyone who can be a nazi is a liberal queer degenerate! 
I muted it too. How can this scum have positive votes on Gab. Don't ban this creature but surely down vote and mute. 
Nazi Its a genetic defect i wouldn't brag about being Albino, that's like calling your self a nazi. Its a retard gene 
In a sort of retard way, Kanye is right. He would be an interesting nigger if he weren't a nigger tbh 
Yeah cause wearing red Nigger shoes and voting for the orange kike will surely save us 
Omg Is she not the dumbest twat on the planet? 
Im tired of all these nigger jokes. I have a nigger in my family tree and hes still hangin. 
Alright, here we go. A Nigger boy is paired with one of our gorgeous White, blue-eyed blondes. Watch his hands, people. He may act out of habit. 
This Cunt Is A Spam Bot. 
One of the most stupid race traitor sluts is the dumb cunt that procreated with Lavar Ball. 
RedNeck Punkin! 
Plenty of politically brainwashed and retarded boomers, but they at least usually have mechanical and technical skills. 
As opposed to an ex stripper turning liberals off with his retarded antics 
What a twat that thing is! 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger fucking nigger. Grow up, you fucking pussy. They're words. 
That Nigger Bitch Needs Ended Like The Rest Of That Communist Demorat Mob. TheY Are The Lawless And Criminals And Traitors. 
Wow a stupid fucking cunt like you and your crab infested pussy would think that's a good thing. Fuck The Cubans they are niggers oh but wait you're a nigger lover I get it. Shut your cocksucker whore. 
I think this woman is vile. She must be retarded or some brain defect. 
I see a gaggle of murderers, rapists, thieves, perverts, pedophiles, pimps, pushers, drug addicts, drunks, violent low-life, low I. Q. , parasitic ‘gibsmedat’ dirty smelly black monkey-looking nigger beasts invading white countries with the help of lying, treacherous, nation-wrecking, degenerate jew filth. 
My mother stopped liking this faggot years ago. 
You look gay, as hell, and not speaking english, yes your gay, wipe the cum off your face cunt fact. 
Palin's not our gal but she isn't as morally retarded as most of the Gop establishment. C. F. Offering to adopt your daughter's baby to reduce scandal vs. Adopting nigger babies from Haiti to signal to libs. 
I have a group of Jewish trolls now following the mad Jewish woman! Lol. John and his gay buddy hate white women but not enough to meet in person. (Because I'd shoot you in your fag head) 
Place of residence poof. Called me out and worried about and scared of a faggot. Must be middle eastern or african decent. 
Perhaps but better than the made up paranoid fantasy dreamland you are in. I called you out and can't back it up. Fucking retard 
Message to Civic Nationalist Fags: Token minorities are not going to save Western Civilisation. 
In a white nation the sane whites outnumber the minority of white cucks & retards, so you in fact have a Blacks and Latino problem to boot, not a (white) cuck & retard problem 
Jew dyke 
A streetshitter with no charisma or intellect. Indian guy who larps as a right winger and looks like Aziz Ansari's retarded cousin. Also known to hit on random women online, apparently it's innately in his Indian genes to be a creep. Extrememely childish, low Iq and cringey, like Torba. Fired from Gab due to stupidity, incompetence and garbage Pr skills. 
Cad Carrick? You old silly bint 
. @PoliticalIslam you look like a stupid faggot & a total asshole! 
Damn Nigger look at that Cactus. Now thats what i call a Prick 
Another One. The fat-assed woman called the cops "because she no longer felt safe with his threatening behavior. " And the woman Filming is upset at the fat-assed woman's "very intimidating presence. " Listen to her. She's in tears. And the police think their authority is being challenged, so They'Re making the situation worse. The only sane person is the guy who had the cops called on him. Vote straight Republican and exterminate this societal childishness and confusion. We need to get back to common sense. This craziness is the result of leftism. Time to get rid of it. 
Fat cunt with no life trying to throw her weight around. What a bitch! 
Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right, " therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites. Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
What makes a black person black? Your questions are retarded as fuck. 
White means you're not a faggot who asks retarded shit like "What is white? " in some subversive attempt to seem super philosophical. It doesn't make you look edgy or wise- it's just fuckin retarded. 
This person is nigger dont trust him 
Straight and to the point. Thanks for the tip! 
Eat our shit fucker. Miserable jealous jew haters. Get a life faggot 
Merkel Accelerates the Kalergi Plan in Europe Barren womb cunt Angela Merkel plans to genocide Europe with the help of useful idiots from the Left and third world scum. 
Weird demon guy has a pentagram hanging from his neck and kicks like a retarded ostrich He needs to be passed around a little in prison. 
Faggot blinks 
Oh god. It's this faggot again 
She sucked too much sand nigger cock 
What a retard 
Hate crime training to brainwash the police being done by a vile Racist Jew Pig? Despicalbe Jews are human sewage! 
You are simply in Matrix with your inverted brain so you will call me exactly what you are. Happens to me all the time. Retarded Democrats call me stupid which is exactly what they are! The filthy Jew brainwashing layer is thick and is hard to penetrate, but it is the Jew every single time! They control the vile Racist subversive Lying media and the sewage of hollywood. Whatever a Jew accuses someone of they are guilty! Jews are Pigs! 
Fuck off idiot. Not here to waste time with trolls and mentally retarded lunatics. 
Free publicity, the left is truly retarded 
Good. The more votes he gets the better. I don't hate black people. And you need to evaluate whether you love whites more than you hate blacks. Because cutting off your nose to spite your face is a retarded move hands down. 
Well, now we know that Pantifa is insensitive to the Muzzie plight. That or the Soros $$$ hasn't added in that stipulation yet. C'mon ole Scrotum Troll, with all those billions you can at least afford a promotional consensus checker. Ya got an ass hump just to keep up with the Trump. Ahh hahahaha, loser. 
This is a dangerous threat to Maga, or Kag, as Trump wants us to call it now I'm tired of idiots blabbering about her penis. 
I'm more sick of the idiot that won't admit they have a dick, and a people that refuse to acknowledge it's a dick. 
Irrelevant. If she comes out, she's even more popular with Dem voters. Retard muted. 
Revolution? Lmao! Ok limp wristed soy boy faggot - fight us! Btw - Fuck you too! 
I don't want to shoot other Americans but I won't hesitate to defend my family from leftist scum bent on fundamentally changing our country with their stupid ass notion of a revolution. Bring it, fag boys. 
My birthday was the 18th & everyone forgot hence the upcoming Smallocaust! (it has to happen, sorry) im gonna draw a mustache on my face & pretend im a Mexican Beto fag so they'll let me vote. It'll work q 
Well yeah, im not a communist. Im going w the mommo when she votes. She said if I cause Any trouble its curtains for me. Have to come up w a good plan to explain the temporary mustache. She probably won't even notice tho cause I do retarded shit all the time 
How can I tell it's directed at me when you called your white knight a nigger, can't read the word jew etc. Only god knows where you'll drop the goalposts next 
Still can't understand, even though I have told you 3 times. Along with the nigger image. That I called you a nigger. Do you have another female to call for backup? 
Did you not read again, she's an example of what you should be, submissive. Christ>man>woman. You clearly called your white knight a nigger 
Totally bogus. Went strait to the moon in the 60s. After all of the decades of folks smoking. Plus tobacco was one of America's top cash crop for ages. The civilian word did not start acting retarded because of cigarettes. Try again. 
It's funny when the anti-Nfl folks are like, "I'll send a message to these assholes. From now on I'm only watching college level negros play football! " 
I've been saying this for years: Everyone, not a handful, but everyone needs to stop attending and watching the games. The Nigger Felon League would cave after a couple of weeks. 
I was wondering when one of you little nigger lovers was gonna stop by. 
Gab: Look at this dumb ass Warren. She claims that just b/c she has 1 / 1024 Indian Dna that she is Indian. What type of idiot thinks she could actually be Indian with that bloodline It’s the one drop rule. If you have even one god damn drop of nigger Dna you aren’t white. You are a nigger! Gotta keep our white gene pool clean and prevent the 
It appears she is surrounded by fat smelly dyke security - all the 'black' males are queers. 
You are confusing me with your kike whore of a mother, faggot. Go drown yourself in a vat of Zyklon B, you faggot cocksucking Heeb. 
Top tier faggot alert. 
Unfortunately not. China is busy kissing nigger ass. Nigger countries are the only thing keeping the Chinese economy going and keeping the Un and Interpol from poking it's nose into China's business. 
Why has no one killed this faggot yet? 
We don't do that. Still, look at the faggot, he is an embarrassment. 
Retarded liberals seem to know a lot about hell. 
If Bk is a Bush retard we will know soon. 
Somebody needs to bayonet that cunt right in the baby maker. The fucking audacity, after the horrors faced in the trenches. 
The faggot take on religion 
This faggot is talking shit about Gab. 
Well the only difference between my content and yours is that mine actually have quality. Yours just sounds like the ramblings of an insane conspiracy nutjob who thinks the world is out to get them. "Oh @a and paid some meanies to harass me for badmouthing the site Gab needs a sooperhero! " You're a fucking faggot dude. 
A little bit of non-White immigrant goes a long way & that point long past in parts of degrading Canada. Toronto now a Sanctuary city run by a Retard begging for more tax$ to support the Illegal Migrants flooding over the border thanks to Trudo'h the boy blunder Prog inviting them here from the Us. MUsT the ProgS! 
Keep fighting to let retarted inbreeds use the word nigger online while fingering there sister pls everyone what would we do if we couldn’t gay bash right before cruising the local bus station 
Do the teenagers working at the Hot Topic laugh at u when u walk up to the register with a Walking Dead t shirt and Avengers baseball cap or do u say it’s for ur retarded teenage son or something? 
Only a nigger would have that "rifle. " 
So, you are Nigger, yet you prefer to be with a White woman? That is the very definition of racism. You do realise this, yes? You are aware that your own women are fugly, therefore you need to choose ours, although I know for a fact you do not have one of ours. You Wish you did, Nigger. Nice of you to admit to your racial-inferiority. 
Mixed couples are always miserable rejects. I see it all the time in the south. 
Exactly. It's so prevalent that it's become an in-joke between myself and my fiance. Homogenous couples almost always look happy and are dressed well, but then a mixed couple will walk in behind them and almost always be slovenly and obese. 2 ultra fats in wife beaters (yes, even the woman) and their unfortunate kid. Disgusting. 
"Homogenous couples almost always look happy and are dressed well, but then a mixed couple will walk in behind them and almost always be slovenly and obese. " Fact. I see this every single day. I live in Toronto, remember? The most 'multi-cultural' (see 'invaded') city on earth. 
The Nigger bitches lose it when their men prefer our women over them. I cannot blame them. That is the very definition of racism. 
A lot of black women refuse to date black men. They say the men are untrustworthy and unreliable. 
They are correct. After all, 70% of all Nigger 'families' are single-parent. 
. @TruthWillOut. Fuck you and your bogus ass film made by a homosexual soccer player. In the Uk! 
Suck a bag of nigger dicks kike. 
Is that retarded little fucker still talking? 
Look tards, remember that old video of Trump in a room with a giant, crazy bird? You know he wanted to kill the damned thing with a hammer, but he managed to keep his composure. Of what use to our movement could this kind of "cargo cult" support from the dumbest nigger to never rob a liquor store be? 
Hey faggot fuck I see that you miss The Iron Patriot and me I see your score is -46 ha ha ha that means your profile sucks. 
If this nigger wins in my state that is %79 republican it will be by voter fraud. This nigger is also under investigation by the fbi 
Well, you are probably pretty damn knowledgeable on the topic of being embarrassed you disgusting faggot freak show. 
Did Miss Cunt spell her last name wrong on twatter? 
Yet I can refute every stupid thing U say retard 
Slut Cunt! 
You know that nigger had a phone. 
Every working person in the Us should be fucking livid with those damn deductibles. Unbelievable. I’ve always hated liberals and their nigger pets getting so much of my money, but that really turned things up a notch. 
Ignorant liberal Retard posts meme that makes no sense and then responds to comments by making fake computer sounds that no real computer actually made ever. 
Got two actions for you Gabbers! First one, credit cards: Yah, Samuel L. Jackson is the obnoxious nigger asking what in the motherfuck is in yo' wallet, bitchass cracker? Whatever. However, they're now airing an ad showing an epsilon-level male kissing his nigger ho at a sportball game- after asking her to marry him & make mud babies- 
Fucking parasites. One greedy old Jew hag and the other a nigger blood sucker. 
Spartacus the nigger bull-faggot? 
Everyone is welcomed to call me a spic and a faggot, hopefully make it funny, but it's fine either way. 
That's All politics is now: connected, corrupt money-worshiping scum. That whore doesn't give a rat's ass that stupid but harmless potheads and far worse the sick are thrown in the Nigger Buttfuck Academy. 
How many times have you shared an article about some black panther nigger who "just wanted to rape and murder White bitches" or do you only care about that kind of language when it's directed towards you and your fellow kikes? 
Seems misleading just by the pic - that's the Beetlejuice nigger from the Howard Stern show and he's been dead for years. Fake news 
Dear 6th grader, you need to improve your grammar and spelling skills. "engaged me you. " should be you engaged me, "an retard" should be a retard "the filed" should be the field "Your all" should be You're all Carry on though, you seem to be on the path to 7th grade. 
I Am Sure It Was A Payoff. This Nigger Shiksa Is From My Area. She Is A Slum Lord Like Maxine Watters Is. She Keeps All The Free SHIt Flowing For The Slum Votes. 
Communist aussie faggot 
2 billion Christians in Europe? Lol Lol You silly ignoramus, there are 2, 1 billion christians worldwide, and majority of them are non Whites. But hey mestizos from Mexico and niggers from Africa are your brethren, we know. Your jew god told you so. 
You seriupsly think I am going to engage with a distespectful cunt like you think again kike 
You and your "fake outrage" can go fuck yourself! March your goofy ass off my @ 's and post your clown ass bullshit elsewhere, Faggot! As for my "face paint, " why yes, I'm enjoying it very much! Oh, and Btw, you're now the laughing stock of Gab. Peace out, Pendejo! Don't let the door hit you where the lord split you! 
Perhaps. Just another faggot crying in moms basement. 
Who's running the show all Poc plus one White Nigger 
The picture isnt opening for me So let me guess who Canadas faggot trudeau? 
Dyke skank 
I'm thankful that miserable cunt hasn't multiplied. 
I've got news for you, Angela Merkel is not a Jew. You're the retard here 
Now, show me White males doing the same to Nigger females. Remember, these are Fbi stats. Yet, you make up by far the minority of the entire population. My own city of Toronto, by far the majority of rapes against White females are committed by Niggers, yet Niggers make up only 6% of our entire population. Hmmm? 
Sweet deal Mohammedan obama being Soros’s african nigger slave for 8 yrs. Soros said to Mohammedan obama I will make you wealthy beyond your most wildest dreams. Mohammedan obama left the White House wealthy go figure 
Women Beating Nigger Typical Racist Thug Hood Rat Bloodline Nigger 
And the cunt was silent when a democrap mailed envelopes with Ricin in them to Trump and his staff and family. 
Donna is on Gab for talking shit about Islam and shifting the blame from Kikery. 
Are you fucking stupid? We lost only 3 million on the battlefield and had to Give Soviet Russia billions in military hardware. You stupid cunt you were Annihilated in the battle of Hurtgen Forrest and deceived this country. Your Jewish ass will melt like your filthy kike ancestors. 
A rabbi sucking the bloody dicks of a faggot coupling's twins. Holy shit, I need a bacon sandwich after that news. 
I'd rather be boring, than gay like you - faggot 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Desperate Shit I not the one, worshiping a sand nigger Lol 
Shut this fat retarded pig of a cunts mouth up 
I saw a pic of some coon in Nigeria cookin' up a storm with his nigger enemy as the main course. "Who wez havin' fo' dinna, Mosell? " means something different over there. Maybe this woman here was hawngry. Ebt card didn't get recharged on time or something. 
Twat? I cunt hear you. 
Fite me irl faggot 
This is way more manly than faggot windmills. 
Don Lemon is a nigger on the down-low. 
Get this bitch a based nigger to breed with 
Hate speech dont exist, retarded speech does but its legal. 
This faggot also makes jokes about pedophilia and thinks it's funny! Someone needs to stuff this troll into an oil drum and drop him off a pier! 
Stuff him in a poly barrel filled with lye. Three weeks later nothing left but teeth fillings. 
Another Commiecrat and Muzzie that needs a rope necklace. 
Nigger Supremacy! 
I don't believe the "he got into fights" part. Yeah, maybe with a cat, but Ubama has never had a man's fist meet his nose. Ever! Fuggin' faggot 
@a ban these "loli" fags they like cartoon cp! 
I second this motion @a please ban these twats before Gab gets slammed with more Bs from liberal left wing 
Lol I love the tribalism in your statement. What a fucking faggot you lot are. 
How retarded do you have to be to think that Republicans losing the House would accelerate things faster than Republicans holding both chambers of Congress? 
You are still here right? As for defamation, slander, etc. Well that's part of the free speech of gab you obviously Don'T like! I'm totally free here to say you're a boorish cunt and tell you to fuck off If I Want To Welcome To Gab 
The left really are retarded demons, we want them tried and executed, the legal way. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Fuck Elton John. 
Faggot 
That thing will still look just as stupid when it becomes a nigger 
Epic win by a nigger named Darkghostwind. I can tell Darkscythe is cracking under pressure. His day will come folks. Never trust a liberal. 
The fact that you took those comments seriously, lol me and Todd are friends and we were fucking with each other, your autism is showing. 
The potato nigger is late. 
Can't trust yellow fever ridden potato niggers. 
Nigger Of Course! 
Fuck you. I'm Spartacus. Not you. You fucking black piece of shit. I was born in Greece. Delivered by a midwife on a divan under an incandescent bare bulb in Argos. Not you. You fucking faggot black piece of shit. Fuck you Cory. Or whatever the fuck your black stupid piece of shit name is. 
Nigger 
Say now! You ship jumping nigger lovers! Trust the plan and all that jazz faggits. 
I tried Soylent once. Shit's nasty, and it does nothing to sate hunger. It's faggot soup. 
Get Rid Of This Cunt Now! 
The group where the scummy libertarian faggot Rusty announces his latest thieving spambots. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
He looks like the little yard jockey nigger you'd see in people's front yards in the 70's 
This topic is cancer. 100% cancer. There is nothing here worth debating, so I'm going to literally flood this topic with whatever the fuck I can find. You're all retarded, you're all disgusting degenerates, and you really should consider leaving Gab. No one here will miss you. Enjoy the flood! >inb4 "reee torba's troll" nah bitch I'm here because autism guided me to fuck your topics up nigga 
Hmm brendan fucktard gaylor Muted fuck you ya fucktardian phd level moron dont like what your seeing do the gab and fucking mute it retard 
The lefts latest tactics. After realizing they have to separate Trump from his base they flood Gab with faggots like this Trying desperately to play "former" supporters who think they can act like no wall in 2 years = failure. Fuck off you alt left faggot no one is fooled. I'm damn happy with my Awesome President. 
Elizabeth Warren has negligible Native American roots. Not only is she white, she's really, really white, possessing less Native American blood than the average European-American. What an embarrassing joke this retard is. 
This dumb cunt is proving why there is a glass ceiling Mist women can't be trusted with power They lie 
Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right, " therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites. Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
What makes a black person black? Your questions are retarded as fuck. 
White means you're not a faggot who asks retarded shit like "What is white? " in some subversive attempt to seem super philosophical. It doesn't make you look edgy or wise- it's just fuckin retarded. 
So, lay some of your vast wisdom on us all. 
I just did. Stop trying to be subversive because people can see through it & you just end up being seen as an asshole. 
Don't feed the trolls. Lol 
Lol. I know. I even scrolled past it at first but the whole "What is white" just ate at me like some retarded succubus. What is white? Wtf does that even mean? White, motherfucker- it means white. 
Fuck you! That's Juan dumb Nigger Boy. 
They misspelled "niggers" 
Salty nigger doesn't get tip for bad service. Uses racism as revenge lol. 
The nigger plague never stops. Never stops. 
A Jew turned Xtian explains the Adl agenda; kikes trying to ruin superior western culture so (they) can run the show. Fuck the Adl, twitter & the little twat Dorsey. 
I’m Brianna Wu. I’m here to say stupid shit so I can copy posts of people insulting my retarded statements on to twitter and virtue signal what a victim I am. 
Id prefer death for them, it's not like these retarded chimps would make any good use out of the land anyway. 
Needs friends tho. Bring it you fucking daft cunt. You cannot hurt me with words. Because I Do Not Care. The stage is yours. Own it. 
Stop being such an ineffective cunt. Dox me. Or fuck to the off 
Stop being such an ineffective cunt dox me or fuck off. I'm just playing with you. Find me 
*your 
I'm not in the habit of posting people's addresses online. I'm not a child. If I ever want to meet you face to face, you'll see me then. Until such times, keep staying bitter and angry. 
Miss popular with herself as her only subscriber. Check out the "I'm ready to suck a dick pout'. 
Or all the men in Sheffield. Biker skank she's called 
If your blood hasn't boiled enough today. Home office deporting nigger moslem, take him on a commercial flight so people get upset and he stays in England! Round them up and fly them on a military plane or charter you cunts! 
Shouldv just necked the cunt 
Finished goat shagging for the day I’ve stopped beating the wife she 12 now getting on a bit you know. Bye for now. Sandy nigger. 
6 mnths at most they recon, still better than nothing for the dozy bint who saved a gang rapist, decorum dictates I shouldn't call her as I would like, she's a useless cunt! 
Just rambling now. Update: Her account is active, yea I trolling, but she deleted everything, except a post on her page that I posted to, what a retarded socialist. My post even has a link to here. Fucking crazy dog lady. 
The average celebretard has an eighth grade education and even that was learned on a sound stage somewhere while they were getting molested or molesting someone smaller. Really more retard than celebrity. Retardbrities. 
Or, better yet, go back to the 3rd world shithole they came from, wetback 
Faggot 
Take Your House Nigger With You, After We Crush You All This November! Fascist! 
Tourettes? Bitch your faggot muslim loving ass responds to everything with Jewssssss Hahaha why was you late? Jews why are you alone? Jews why is your dick so little? Jews 
What a stupid cunt 
Nigger 
I hate Hollywood, the Msm, fashion industry, social media, Nfl, Nba, and all of us for allowing to make sociopathic drug dealing Ebonics talking thugs rich, famous and influential. 
Anything like this made buy a white person with role and image reversals would be attacked and the makers would face financial and economic destruction. The nigger vermin make this shit knowing they face no consequences. 
What a lying faggot jewishit. Jews = Assholes. Jews = Liars. Jews = Assholes. Jews = Assholes. Jews = Assholes. Jews = Total Assholes. Jews = Complete Assholes. How do you know a jew is lying? Simply by the jew speaking. 
What kind of shit is this? Why isn’t that faggot arrested? 
I won't touch a woman who sucks nigger dick 
Even trump hating bastards bitch defo paedo hating bastards you syphillitic cunt Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die or suicide yourself 
She's Retarded 
Jewish "nazis" in ww2 Deutschland dun dun duuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrnnnnnnn yeah nigger how do you explain that nigger? 
Kikes believe they must cut off the foreskins, & in some instances suck at the bleeding penises, of their 8 day old boys otherwise their yhwh will not favour & protect them, kikery goes far beyond "foolishness", child abuse is the foundation of their belief system, why would you defend that? 
Do they have a video of the nigger doing this? A confession? If so, he should be -horribly- executed without trial. Period. Justice in the White man's sense needn't apply to the negro when caught in flagrante delicto- 
Drives lifted Red jeep. Puts two standing children in high centered wagon. Is this guy a bean counter because he doesn't understand physics. Will he tow the wagon behind the jeep? 
You’ve fallen for Hollywood’s portrayal of men as retarded imbeciles and can’t imagine that perhaps the parents had the children standing as the mother took pictures and then will instruct them to sit as they pull (by hand) them through the neighborhood to trick or treat. Or perhaps you’re an old curmudgeon needing to find fault with all you see. 
Says the low Iq thot supports all things Hollywood while compromising these children's safety. Admit it, you're just a low Iq nigger and a disgrace to good Americans. 
A good father? These children's mother should be ashamed. You wear your Iq on your sleeves, so to speak. 
Accept that these children sat in the wagon, exited and walked up to each door, watched by their parents, were greeted by friendly neighbors and received candy and had a great time. It's not hard. It's an American tradition. 
*two children standing not sitting. 
"you don't know me" boilerplate transparent low Iq thot argument 
Well, you don't. However, my use of logic and language speaks well for my Iq. 
Compromises childrens' safety. Ok, highly intelligent good parent. 
Doubting the safety of these children is quite a stretch. 
You're just a stupid dick; an embarrassment to all red blooded Americans. Stfu 
"Embarrassment to red-blooded Americans" for calling out a situation where children's safety was compromised means I really am a stupid dick. 
An infantile attempt to express indignation at the most innocent and lighthearted post. You resemble a Sjw who's fake outrage is a form of lying. You are supremely dishonest in may ways. Likewise as you expressed to Fe, you wear your 'Christianity' on your sleeves (so to speak. 
I said what I needed before you replied concerning the readily observable situation depicted in the photo. You add nothing to the conversation. It is you who is an embarrassment to every red-blooded American despite your projecting since I have done far more for the people of the United States of America. 
None of us like this dyke but she once spoke the truth & what she feared would happen, has happened in many different forms. All of this has to be overturned 
I bet the retarded Dems think I work for sponsors. I don't. I just really like Kauai's Bbq Inn, Hamura's Saimin, Hukilau Lanai, Gaylord's, Bubba Burgers and Brick Oven Pizza. Also Fairbank's Pita Place and Spice It Up are excellent! 
Of course you are pussyboy. Your lies don't work with me. 
Yawn. So you say pussyboy. Your word means nothing as all you do is lie. 
- Since your mental illness prevents you from understanding how much of a cowardly chicken shit you are, I will sort this out for you. You Are Posting From An AnON RAnDOM Faggot Profile. If you were any kind of serious you would post your name and who you really are. You fucking gaping pussy. 
A bit of revisionist history from Travis LeBlanc. What anyone on the Trs forums knows is that it was open season in Richard Spencer there. And it was most certainly encouraged by the owners of Trs. If you criticized an owner of Trs, (Weev), Andrew Anglin, or Ricky Vaughn, you got banned. If you criticized a number of movement people that were on the 'purge list' like Richard Spencer, no problem whatsoever. The only thing that interrupted this process was Paul Nehlen's doxing of Ricky Vaughn. As for the Daily Stormer "pushing out toxic elements from the movement", there is no more toxic element in the movement than (Weev. Greg Johnson says he agrees with LeBlanc on this, which is an outrage. 
Fuck Ricky "Faggot Jew Lover" Vaughn and Any faggot who supports them. All of of them are a bunch of traitorous subversives who have been undermining the Wn movement for years. A bunch of fucking cowards are what they are 
For all the talk about people being "jew wise", they sure seem to fall for "my movement right or wrong" or the classic, "we need numbers". Fine, how many untrustworthy people would be worth 10 that you could trust? 
Ohhh remember this faggot! Yeah I heard this shit I fucking made 2 accts to grudge post this shabbas nigger. 
To hear him talk about white identity like it's a beast of burden. Something to train under a yoke. Inexscusable hebrewism. 
Spic on Spic crime - no one fucking cares. 
TrueCons live their ethno-nationalism through Jews. They are trannies that way. 
Who the fuck do you think you are? You could be alluding to a number of things. Asking you to clarify doesn't make me a retard - but you responding like an utter dick makes you an imbecile with no manners. 
I was thinking the same. They didn't like us making fun of their silly bombs, so they upped the ante. No one here has ever advocated this kind of action, but here this faggot is, and now they have fodder to dismantle hate speech online. People have been hunting subverts. I think we missed one. 
>t. Mixed breed orc nigger 
"Muh guns from Indiana" is nothing more than a yet another way white shitlibs rationalize nigger criminality and a red herring that distracts from the real problem. 
You look like a Jewish faggot who raped his own grandson. Go gas yourself you walking lampshade. 
It's interesting what happens when you run your avatar pic through Google images. I must say, you look an Awful lot like the image used to promote a Wild West Rodeo show in Montana. As a matter of fact, it's the exact same image! Gee. What a coincidence it's almost like your avatar And your profile are. Gasp. Fake As The Holocaust! 
Nigger trying to rape Davey's dog 
Twitter Protects Farrakhan'S Right To Hate Speech Against Jews Maybe We Should Get Claire Foy'S "Giant Penis Of America" To Bend Twitter Over And Make It Bleed To Death. Jeez Now How To Get That Image Out Of Redneck Hulk'S Head 
Retard 
International rapper skinny prison bitches. Love sucking nigger dicks. 
You suck nigger dicks in prison. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
"Disassociation" is such faggotry, and there should definitely be an option to opt out of it. Just because I mute retards doesn't mean I want to take away their freedom to comment on my posts should they feel so inclined. 
Retard and want to be able to suppress free discussion of their shit ideas and mouldy bread pussy respectively, and that's the end of that. 
British faggot 
I think the real faggot is the guy who loves Saudi for killing his fellow countrymen. 
Oh - so a sand nigger killed White people again? 
Yep and Both Have Been Sucking The Federal Teets For Years. Just Nigger Scum To Me. 
Yeah, ol fat fucking shill Jones is merely stating the fucking obvious. Geee, he must watch Fox news too! 
No, perhaps not but I did put a swazi on the ADLs hate map of Ohio. Has Jones done that? Has Jones organized rallies and brought out white awareness? No. Has jones cleared out nigger gangs in Toledo and brought in Fbi and Dea units to Toledo to combat the niggers? No. How many whites has Jones recruited to our Cause? Of course, explaining this to a left wing faggot like you is completely a waste of my time so just go back to your fucking closet, get in and eat a bullet you pathetic little cocksmoker! Ps-use spell checker next time you illiterate cunt! 
Lol no shit? Wow! Seriously? A billionaire business man smoozed with politicians? Omg this changed everything! Now tell me how he sold shit made in China! Sarcasm level: 10 You're a fucking retard huh? Take your commie Hillary loving ass to Twitter faggot this is Trump country. 
What a retarded whore, you were never a slave or anybody you ever talked too 
I'm not a nigger, why would I be speaking about Slavic nations and Slavic lands if I was. Maybe this concept is foreign to you, but we are all white. But even if I was a nigger - so what? 
Marijuana is for niggers, nigger lovers and nigger enablers. The worst. 
Omg, you uneducated, opinionated asshole. Hemp is sustainable, make clothes, biodegradable "plastic", etc. It also keeps me civil when talking to uneducated talking heads like you. Great for pain, seizures. Go live inside your own, simpleton mind. Enjoy your McDonald's gourmet dinner. 
Repel all gun laws as they are unconstitutional! Deport all people who are opposed to the 2nd amendent! Shove every Racist Retarded Democrat and Jew down the shithole where they belong! 
I wonder how many other high school kids are rebelling against Jew cultural marxist norms imposed on them by schools who don't get caught and the Msm dares not reveal to outside work? My guess: many. 
Niggers & Fags! Fags & Niggers. Faggot ass Nigger! 
Fuck! Fuck! Noo! The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America! Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court! You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites! And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
Hes going to send you to retarded school for lobotomy first and then re-education camp 
A cunt holding up 1 or 3 fingers is still a cunt so not sure where you are going with this. 
Hey silly cunt, ask Nuddering on twitter where he got the idea that Owen Jones was that editor on Wikipaedia. Go on ask him! I fucking dare you. Come back to me when you realise it was me! Me! Yep, it was me. 
Go and ask! You are scared of the truth! Totally fucking shot scared. Page has been a twat for as long as I can remember and I like to puncture his silly party balloon! He has no idea how he was so easily duped by that prick O’Brien. 
Bolshevik cunt, sit the fuck down 
"Everyone is a plastic Nazi" said the cunt communist from behind his plastic cunt mask 
Some retarded Nsa agent is thinking you're making bomb threats with this image 
Dead Coppers R Good Copers Really Scum Muslim Coppers. Then The City Hid This Evidence! Time To Kill TheM All 
I Will Remember This When You Are Raped And When The Copper Scum Arives TheY Shoot You Dead Dead Dead 
Referring To The Current News Cycle And You Are A German Where Only Coppers Have Guns Come On Over Cunt We Here In America All Have WeAPOnS Just For You All 
Your ass hole does grow big after letting niggers fuck you. 
No, tell me, faggot. 
Where did you find the vile despicable Racist Hateful Bigot Jews are Democrat Pigs! We try to keep all Retarded piece of shit Leftists and Jews because they are all morally degenerate sewage! They all have a mother who made the Wrong Choice! 
Pigs are retarded morons, especially in 'Murica and the Uk, where they are already mongrelized. I mean, diversified! Wait when there are no more Whites in the forces, and negroes & moslem subhumans start enforcing Zog's "law". You'll change your mind soon enough! 
She got hers, and she brought every action of her nigger on herself. However, it obviously is not his place to discipline the cunt. Both of them should've gone to the gallows together, judged and condemned by a White magistrate for their crimes against humanity. Hence, the nigger still needs to hang. 
Why do retarded socialists (Venezuela) and in-bred low Iq religious fanatics (Islam) always want to leave the shitholes they themselves created and bring their toxic sewage to new countries? 
They are like locusts, they make shitholes out of wherever they go, they want rich lands to spoil, they don't want to change their behavior though 
Why do low iq inbred christians do the same thing? Middole eastern cultists only have one setting: drag sewage (gods word) through everyones culture until everything in its past has been destroyed 
Western Christians created the modern world while you third world retards are still living in straw huts. You are the ones invading the west for a better life, not the other way around. 
In light of recent events, and the Eu and Un's biblically retarded recent decisions and actions, a friendly reminder on the Paradox of Tolerance, courtesy Ben Garrison: 
I am sick to death of the Jews amplifying faggots and every other form of degeneracy like it is normal. Every day it is some new faggot event, or teaching faggotry to children. "Whales are faggots, rock formations are faggots a faggot becomes a faggot and is now straight. " 
- New York City- "Installed in a Methodist Church- open to the public until Dec. 2. Statue and shrine celebrate the Irish legend- homage to the writer [faggot] who was imprisoned and shamed for his [homo]sexuality". 
This muSLIME faggot made fun of Trump saying he couldn't build the economy or bring in jobs. That no one could. But now takes credit for Trump actually doing the job. So if "no one could" do this, how does this asswipe piece of shit think he can take credit for doing nothing for 8 years? Nothing but an arrogant hypocrite & sociopath. 
Nigger, that’s what they do 
Ovomit. That worthless nigger should have never seen the inside of the white house 
I can hardly wait to see this ginger nigger. It will be one ugly nigger baby. 
Exactly. Fuck Feeling Sorry For The Lying Bint 
Then you belong in Twitter, the place that banned me for calling myself a spic faggot. 
You shouldn't type n. Some nigger somewhere is going to get offended by it 
Doing it right next to an old nigger bum who is trying to sleep off a night of drinking a gallon of Colt 45. Have you no shame, butt pirates? 
The more I learn about Jewish misdeeds, the more I believe that these insufferable fucking Hasidim most authentically represent the Jewish spirit. After following the Van Dyke conviction, I'm thinking a cop could use 16 shots with more efficiency Here! (whining jews at 1: 38) 
Jews are evil retards. Parasites 
Stevie Wonder's son is dancing with a stunning White, blue-eyed blonde girl. He is darker than my shit. Oh shit, they made her kiss his Nigger face. This blatant display of racism is making me ill. How the hell can Stevie Wonder have a son young enough to dance with a 12 year old girl? He must be 90 years old. Ah yes, the dip of 'submission' for the Nigger by the girl. 
Don Lemon is a Faggot 
Faggot 
I'd bet that mombot was a faggot who couldn't get any coochie and as a result decided to become the Gf (Larp as Jap housewife on Twitter. 
Unless you kill us all, White people will always rise to the top of the heap. That’s how I interpret this protestor’s sign. White supremacy simply means that White people excel at things that White societies value. Perhaps the people of other races excel at things those societies value as well. Seems natural to me! 
Cunt 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
I voted for Trump. The only other option was a drunk who put our National Security at risk. Why "Retards" would nominate/run such a person as their Presidential candidate. President Donald J Trump. The wrecking ball of establishment politics. 
Who was a drunk? Trump is the greatest threat to America in history. Shitstain traitor fascist retard trump. Followed by Fucking Morons. 
When Daily Stormer was promoting white identity, albeit a retarded version, it had no access to the real world. When Spencer and others made white identity a real world position/movement that would attract high quality whites they imploded it with endless infighting and stunts. They then redirected the energy into the gop where it would become nullified. 
How many days of the week? How many gods of rome and greece? How many letters in the sacred name of god according to christianity? How many angels are there of the church? How many planets are in the solar system? The answer is all the same, lost children. Your christianity is less about christ, and more about jupiter. 
You're too lazy to read Genesis chapter 1 to avoid embarrassing yourself huh? It literally would be less than an 8 x 11 sheet of paper. This is why Pagans do not own a blade of grass or have any temples, just sheer fuckin stupidity. The Bible needs to be in schools and we could avoid further Jewish subversion like this and get the national test scores up as well. 
Yeah, it's totally my fault he didn't read the first chapter so he wouldn't humiliate himself. All about Jupiter! Call someone else your mate, boy, doesn't work with us Germans. That's a quick route to having your throat crushed. Thanks, Island cunt. Bless ya! 
Jupiter? Wtf. Ofcourse what are you saying. I'm not confused about who penned that particular version! I watched you yesterday, you cant be more than 100k away and are motherfucking welcome to come and show how a kiker crushes a throat! 
Fag still no interest in your Island faggotry terms whatsoever. You're shockingly stupid being confused about a post you commented on, just utterly clueless about the word "Jupiter" in the Op and my quoted post. It happened yesterday too, you're dumb. Take your Tlingit Indian Alaska art and go act stupid somewhere else. 
When you can afford to come to California and want your ass stomped I'll be here, punch that clock, broke dick. 
And leave alone the folk women, you vanir crypto khybe. 
Stfu ignorant fag, Slavs are not white and Israelites aren't Jews. Your broke little pity party of 15 penniless pagans will never move a needle. 
Lol, and so that worries U. Commiefornia socialist hailing! Stick To What You Know, or come and make me shut up. I'm not the one parading an expired god-and-rat contract, you halfwit. 
You're not intelligent and that's why you're flat nigger broke. Read and evolve stop sitting on the lap of the Jew and be a man who can actually think and sustain himself. You're the penniless ones not us. 
Us? You're a joke friend. Attacking a women for not being white enough, spitting and cursing, and constantly proselytizing with some genesis or trinity turd story. But can't tell why. I tell you why, you lack honor mate. Follow your own words and I'll teach you. 
We don't say "mate" cuck. Fuck off. 
Since you're not alone, you can make a friend come and bring that message, friend. So simply come up with the reason for your Genesis addition, or close rank with you're roman canon hoolies. "Its just a book" is childish bullshit. 
Your boy claimed Christianity was about Jupiter, dude. Genesis is the first book in the Bible. It states clearly in Chapter 1 that planets were made on the 4th day. If you can't comprehend this then apply for special needs federal assistance, you'd be a shoe in. You may fuck off now. 
Thats it? Books says so? What part about roman canon hooligan did you miss. I'm disappointed, truly am. Stick to Nsdap trivia and memorable quotes. I'll promise not to call your chaos lord worshipping ass that belongs to some creator entity "friend". Ok. 
Just because he's the best of the lot up there doesn't mean that I want him to come over and fuck my daughter. A Nigger is a Nigger. Some are just more Nigger than others^) 
There are morons and some are shills, just ignore it. And personally, I am not dying for a communist faggot white liberal, but I do think white lives need to be humanized and the best of us need to be saved at all costs. 
Utah coal burner killed by her sex offender nigger boyfriend, shot as she spoke with her mother on the phone. No need to collect, toll paid in full. 
Jeff Flake is such a faggot 
Retarded Monkey muslim Evil Criminal Living In Darkness 
You look like such a weaselly little faggot 
Intentional moral decay of American Society Hollyweird is the largest influence to many people don't want boundaries life is easy when everything is a free-for-all only way to steer this ship back on course shame those who infect our society I will call a faggot a faggot a perversion they should be shamed period! 
Now remember you little negro bitch I haven't seen or said shit to you in 9 Months You'Re the little Nigger Mf'er that decided to start shit with me again 
This nasty old thug cunt needs her clock cleaned in the worst way 
It says you're a retard idiot for making Americans read this stupid shit! 
Jew arab nigger all the same thing. 
Look, there's exactly one way we're going to fix white women, and it sure as shit isn't respecting them or cherishing them. The one and only way we can ever get women under control again, is to collectively grow a pair and literally and unironically kill each and every woman who has fucked a non-white, cheated on her husband or boyfriend, is a dyke or feminist, or who is or has ever been a single mother. I'd suggest eradicating each and every one that has ever had sex outside of marriage, but that would leave us with a bunch of eight year olds, and marrying those is frowned upon. 
Nothing more nauseating than a loudmouth faggot male stewardess. 
But of course what else would a pedo faggot say? 
I've been suspended from my job at the Job Centre today over claims of racism. I'm not racist. It's just that Nigger is easier to type than Unemployed Ethnic Minority with a criminal record. 
Not Interested in Getting Gainful Employment Really N. I. G. G. E. R. 
Who's the annoying faggot on your show right now? Also, original content included. 
Lol No matter Your filthy old cunt Hillary will never be president. Everyday I wake up smiling! 
When we've finished stopping these kikes, restoring sanity to our nations and driving out the invaders we can address any controversies over anime girls Ffs 
You piece of unshat jew shit. What is your f'n problem jew? Do you need a piece of Allbutt Hindstain? Jew you followed me less than 5 minutes ago. You can say that you have fled 'n flee you should jew. You are a flea bitten ball sack of unseeming seed You have no excuse for who you are because you can not even f'n 'fess up and admit you are a terrorist. 
Oh believe me, this lad is some muzzie Pos goat humping pedo. Some people arr stupid but this guu takes the cake mate. Loathing aroung in it's skinny jeans and masks looking for drugs and pockets to pick like a fkn paki monkey. Gooday Sam 
This is one of those moments where attempting to use humor to put something in proper perspective, feels like poking fun at the retarded kid on the block. 
He’s got more brains than all trumpsters combined. Trumps supporters are mindless retarded fascist sheep. We Should build a wall- to throw right wing racist filth like you over it. 
Niggers. Even dumber than they look. And this nigger looks like a moron 
Says the little Muslim Sand Nigger 
Hell he cant even get fbi staffers indicted when they are caught red handed we're being strung along and kept busy by tranny faggot kavanaugh news stories conned 
Useless cunt 
Of course it is, little protected nigger fag. 
Unbelievable that this Nigger did this in public 
Chu Greengos Ar A Bonch Ov Beegots! ~ Average Wetback Moocher 
You get no cock meat sandwich from me. Silly faggot 
Well you're a retard 
Why would you want to hurt a little doggo? Are you a nigger or something? 
I'm a Nazi podcaster, and according to 23andMe, I have more Ashkenazi Dna, than Elizabeth Warren has Native American Dna. 
Not as bad as 100% faggot you fucking queer! Get gassed! 
If it's fake they took trouble to cast appropriate 'actors'. They look exactly like most commie retard 'wimmin' even from the back. 
Fuck You Emma Gonzalez! Cunt 
By next week they’ll be staging a Klan cross lighting at a nigger chilluns hospital in detroit 
Dumb cunt 
You can take the nigger out of Africa but you can never take the Africa out of a nigger 
Reason to be a fit fighter: If a nigger finds out your wife is pregnant, he will try to defile her with his foul seed, and you will need to be able to eviscerate him in response. 
Shame. He's Retarded 
Yes o fill sorry for those normal people just going there own way to pray till some mental cunt went there no matter if he was on gab Facebook and Twitter it don't mean this site made him kill them has I say he mental and need to be given the death penalty 
Election tampering. This faggot Npc should go to Prison! 
You spelled that wrong. You decided to gay? What a faggot 
Cunt 
And these women wonder why they're single? I mean, what sensible man would put up with twat waffles who act out so violently? Fuck that. Not! 
No idea but I want one too. I know where you can get a cunt tree in Washington. They grow in a place called, Congress. 
Don’t eat the fruit, cunt trees are poisonous 
Faggots are soft what if he was just tapping them on the shoulder and there faces inadvertently got in the way. 
- Yeah you're right. Whenever I look up and see a faggot forced to sit on a window sill, within 30 seconds he turns into pixie dust and blows away. And that's called "fag bashing" as soon as another homo hears about it- one of them disappears, and suddenly it's all our fault. 
You’re kind of a faggot for not being on gab more 
A nigger aint nothing but a nigger 
In the bible, God calls them Canaanites which is a Heathen Santanic race that God Despises! They R descended from satanic race mixing Fornicator Esau! As it is written, Jacob Have I Loved (God's white Adamic race), but Esau Have I Hated (Jews & All other mixed races. Romans 9: 13 
Wait. Some retard actually fucked this pig? 
Cesar Sayoc is nonwhite (Flip or featherhead. Many arrests. Probably a faggot since he sponsors male strip shows & has arrest for prostitution. Check out Heavy article. 
Well, look at her! Nobody but a nigger would fuck a white woman that ugly and think he was getting away with anything. 
Well this Cunt Fits Right In With The Rest Of Those Communist Lawless Demorat Thieves And Traitors. 
The Left won't even accept the application of a white faggot anymore. Haley's "resignation" was Phase 1, Step 1 of Trump's U. N. Condo-Conversion Plan for 2019. 
It’s really weird how much cuckservatives worship niggers. I mean, some degenerate nig-nog puts on a Maga cap and boomer cucks are popping boners. 
Cucks also love to worship that lebron monkey. They are fascinated by a nigger that bounces a ball and throws it thru a hoop like a seal in a circus act. 
Lol just another useless cunt 
What are the chances that nigger is going to get violent with the woman and her kids at some point in the near future? I'd say they're pretty good. 
Fuck this pussy faggot cunt of a wannabe man vincente fox chinga tu madre puto joto 
I guess going on the retard kidnapper and porn freak, Jf's show was more pressing than answering tough questions. 
Human Defense found the unstable faggot that kicked the pro-life protester girl. 
Paedophilia loving politicans. No wonder paedophiles are rarely punished when we have these cunts in charge of our country. 
She should speak to survivors of child sexual abuse to find out how it affects the rest of their lives. As should the other cunt, Peter Thatchel. 
Yes well Harriet Harman was part of the pedophile information exchange pretty much like every other labour cunt 
You really are retarded and think that I am some retard like you fuck off you lying cunt kike. #ExposeTheNose and go hang yourself if you won't sooner than later We Will Cunt 
I still want to collect my scalps, but I'm going to be patient about it. I love seeing how they're all cutting at each other's throats and I'd rather not see us waste our resources when they're doing the hard work already. I grew up into a redneck family and not a bit ashamed of it either. 
Yeah, but you're a fucking soft commie cunt and no white woman with any self respect would want you, hence your present position of solitude and abstinence. 
Don’t forget that drugged up muslim nigger ate a dog 
What a cunt 
Fuck Marching Looting Coon. No fuxs given about your communist agitator. King was A Communist Pos. 
Get fucked up the ass. There be no compromise with Nigger Loving Feminists. Fuck You and the Horse that rode you in. 
If Megyn Kelly becomes a white supremacist, nigger-hating, jew-naming nazi, do we embrace her? 
Only by her pussy. 
A lot of these anti-Trump pussyhat catladies wind up joining the Dyke Side. It's the logical end point of their man-hate. 
Is really that difficult for people? Anyway, I used to see beautiful lesbians in Greenwich Village. They were always with the grizzliest dykes you ever laid eyes on. A man hurt them at some point, so they went with a manly girl. Go figure. 
How do you even do that? Live the cunt? What does that mean? 
Weak cunt 
You're retarded mate. Women are a reflection of the men in their life. 
Fuck Cameron. He's a faggot 
If your blood hasn't boiled enough today. Home office deporting nigger moslem, take him on a commercial flight so people get upset and he stays in England! Round them up and fly them on a military plane or charter you cunts! 
And deport the screaming faggot with him. 
Stop being a fuckin pussy and bet nigger 
Are you a retard Galt or a German bum bandit. 
I doubt if this dyke would have any trouble being raped! Wtf is it, a tranny? 
I think he meant, he feels like a man with no cunt tree to hang himself on, 
This is what you look like when you suck too much sand nigger cock. Vile human waste 
Vous etes un faggot francais, Monsieur. Lol 
Dont listen to this Chud. Wtf. Many of us here are on Voat, and /pol/ so this faggot fucktard is a lazy, stupid shit tier troll. Don't feed the trolls. Mute them. 
Bang! Now I have enough bullets for 5 more goathumpers. Bring them on. Shooting nigger muzzies is my favorite thing 
They did it already, everything is infected and ruined by commies, that's Ok, it makes it easy to I'D, go to the top you will find retarded communist. Look at fox news full of retard commies. 
This dude is spamming me thinking he is actually getting to me. All I do is say one thing and bam back to spamming. It's like he doesnt understand how trolling is done. Lmao 
If you can't take the heat, stay barefoot in the kitchen, trans fag ) 
What's wrong, trans fag nazi? You quit? Your live revolves around me and you know it faggot ) 
Barry Soetero, the butt humping faggot from Indonesia is a muzzie and a piece of shit half nigger whose daddy didn't love him and his mommy was a whore who didn't give a shit about him 
So how many of you gabbers will be voting for Cunt Clinton in 2020? This delusional, delirious, traitor, communist, socialist, back stabbing, lying fucking dirtbag, thinks she can really win? I can't wait! 
Quit being such a faggot. My religion demands that I be way more "racist" than you. In common parlance, if you're White and don't want White Genocide, you're "racist". 
Show me exactly in the bible where it commands the followers of christ to Fight for their existence, give me specific bible verses. 
Nehemiah 4: 14 - And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the Lord, [which is] great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses. 
First, you've been told 1, 000 times, that the Israelites weren't Jews. Second, the faggots make the same argument Congratulations, faggot 
Prove it, christ nigger Post your evidence You wont cos you have none Just another christ nigger, calling himself a jew, a treasonous race traitor, who shits on his own white pagan blood Youre a degenerate christ nigger 
I think I've had about enough of you and Robert calling every christian a nigger and a jew. Come up with some new insults already, or Stfu! 
How about jew worshipping, jew groveller. Lol Still waiting for you to prove all jews today, are called pharisee's. Lmao 
Judaism isn't just a religion, it's an ethnic group. An ethnic group that white Christians are not members of. Your constantly calling white people jews, just because you don't like their religion, makes me think that You are the jew. 
So stop supporting Ci concepts then You look like a retard 
Doersn't that make him the house nigger? 
I was playing forza, ya know a international game, and i was in a game with italians, spaniards, germans, and brits, and i troll and chant Usa Usa Usa! The german goes fuck the usa man. I go hey man donald j trump is our leader now, not that stupid nigger obama you better show us some respect bro, he says "thats true" and we got along just fine after that 
Italians and germans hated america the most before i spoke a lil german and italian to them and convinced them im not one of the retarded americans aka a libTARD, and they respected me instantly, brits and spaniards were on fence but i could tell they sided with german and italian till i made the fuck obama statement, then i won em all over 
I am going to have to go through my Follower list first ting this morning I either lost about 10 followers because I called this Pos what he is a *Nigger * 150% They have Papers on him, he's not a regular intelligent black person he's simply a Nigger just like that whining bitch Obama, but anyways I'll be busy for awhile 
In. 
Is this nigger for real? 
I told you that the republicans were literally fascist Nazis. -Antifa Faggot 
Just look at that, not a nigger or a goat f*cker in sight. Just before Australia became infected with and "diversity". 
Communist Cadres, Comrade Short arse, the Thug and a human garbage, cunt gets in and the nation will be fucked 
God willing, they Will hit the bottle. Hope that multitudes of them drink themselves retarded and then drive into concrete embankments. 
Bahahahaha pssssssssssst. Dudes who can really do that shit dont say it, and they sure as Fuck arent on Gab at 7 in the morning. Little wannabe faggot bitch 
Whatever you say nigger 
Gab Support I hit this account hard most days. Its becoming obvious some liberal Rat is being triggered by my post All my Post are marked Sensitive automatically Now. I don't KNow Why! Everyday Its Something I Suspect you must have some new employee, liberal faggot working to undermine the accounts. I never had any problems. Now its daily something new. 
Gab Support I hit this account hard most days. Its becoming obvious some liberal Rat is being triggered by my post All my Post are marked Sensitive automatically Now. I don't KNow Why! Everyday Its Something I Suspect you must have some new employee, liberal faggot working to undermine the accounts. I never had any problems. Now its daily something new. 
Blonde Jews? What's the world coming to? 
Black cunt 
Among friends she would have been labelled a 'stupid cunt Globalist" 
"we are the nigger now. " well, the slaves, anyway. 
They hired a real Somali to play a Somali pirate and now that bulb-head shitter thinks he's an actor. Lol 
Actress Jane Fonda proclaimed in a new interview that the upcoming midterms are the most important elections of my lifetime and said that it was hard for her to breathe in America right now. The elections on Nov. 6 are the most important elections of my lifetime. So much depends on what happens, Jane Fonda told a film festival crowd in France, according to The Hollywood Reporter. It’s hard for me to breathe right now, Fonda also said. Jane, you traitorous bitch, for the love of God, please top breathing Now! 
Too bad that cunt did not step on land mine back in the day. We would have been spared from her bullshit! 
Freedom Hating Faggot 
The inverted Orwellian World where extremely Hateful people project what they are on others! All Democrats are Hateful Racist Sexist Bigots! Pure Retarded Scum! 
It is called projection and it is what they filthy Jews do! Whatever a Jew accuseth, they are guilty! That is how the Jew media works also. The Jew doesn't actually know how to tell the truth! 
No mention of illegals and muzzie refugees spreading it with their filthy habits? 
You're the only clueless cunt on here that couldn't figure out its ABCNEWS15 in Arizona to go to for the story cuntwad. 
Noticed how the retarded Democrat tells you exactly what democrats are? They are the despicable ficking Racist Pigs! Just like a satanic askeNAZI Jew Pigs! Nary the Truth ever leaves their lips! Never believe or teust a Jew Ever! Flush every Lefty! 
It’s Already being built moron! Typical libtard logic: A small token of the wall is being built but the wall will never be built 
Well, if you meant some of the wall will be built, then I agree. Will it be finished? No, it never will. It’s an animal farm windmill. It’s idiot bait for rednecks. 
Wrong again but, you are one of those regressive liberal trolls here so it's unsurprising that you post Fake News. The Wall has been started in San Diego and the Imperial Valley in California. Sorry to disappoint you but, no, it's a real actual Wall as is the portion started outside of El Paso. Yes, much to your chagrin, the Wall will be built. We know that will significantly decrease your new voter base of illegal aliens. Try to remain calm, you can still shriek at the sky and rejoice that your leader, Hildebeast, is planning another grab at the brass ring in 2020. By that time, the Wall will probably be nearly complete and you can scream about how "racist" it is to protect our border from an invasion of poor, illiterate, uneducated, non-English speaking breeders who just want to come and suck on the public tit. You're party will lose because it's been imploding before our eyes for the past two years. In case it escaped your notice, the Potus we elected Keeps his promises and we will be sending him backup in November to make sure he can get the Wall built. You've already lost. 
The wall really was bait for gullible uneducated rednecks 
I've heard moslems feel left out on November 5th because no one invites them to their fireworks displays So BritFam, why pop not round your local mosque & start a bonfire there for them? I'm sure the moslem community in your local area would feel enriched by this act of multicultural vibrancy Ok 
Wha about the juden who control the muzzie pets and saint zog 
Democratic Socialist Ocasio-Cortez is a retard and if she is their shining star. 
Ahhhh the murdering, neo con, nigger communist. Man these kikes (media) are desperate aren’t they? Dragging out all the stops. Try as u might baby dick eaters, but u will be held accountable for the last 70yrs. 
This week on dyke van dyke: why orange man is bad 
Excellent. When you think about it, it's always the glasses that make an intellectual. Well, that and the sarcasm. That dyke van dyke is such a serious young man. 
Peeing while doing a handstand? And I'm a retard? 
White privilege? I didn't know there was such a thing until blacks, liberals, feminist assholes & faggot soy boys said there was. Apparently I missed an opportunity. 
I hoped I had made it clear from the very beginning of loligate that I think loli is extremely degenerate. I just think torba is a retarded fag with terrible priorities and I enjoy laughing at his fuck-ups. 
Welcome to Gab! Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
One could really liven up the election in their area by posting signs that read: Vote For The Nigger! The left and their allies the lying media won't be able to resist screeching, sobbing and wringing their hands over it. It would make an otherwise dull day and dull election a whole lot more exciting. And admit it, ruining their day brings such pleasure, true? 
Now I feel better after muting the male cunt Trumptard Triggerer. What a freaking pansy and weak sauce. 
I will see that you get your 6ft deep safe space. With a cock shoved in every hole you have and even some new holes made in you. 
Modern propaganda is grounded in the works of Jew Sigmund Freud’s nephew, Jew Edward Bernays, and it clearly works based on how retarded someone has to be to think Nazis and Hollywood have any relation whatsoever. 
Come get me, nigger lovers. 
Take a look at the retarded "mustfall" campaigns in South Africa to see the same retarded mess as you in the Usa. The maddest was the hashtagged "sciencemustfall". 
If only the jews on Fake News gave as much coverage as Trump having a piece of paper on his foot: to a wetback caught on video tossing 8yo white girl Maddie Middleton's dead body into a dumpster after he raped her to death in election year 
No - kikes made that happen. No kikes, to UnWhite degenerates that kidnap nigger babies. 
She is a good Lady. But as far as Respect towards Booker, Naa He Is Just ANOTHeR Nigger Radical Who Himself Needs Put Down Like THe COMMUNIsT Pig He Is, Along With THe Rest Of That COMMUNIsT Demorat Mob. They are All Enemies And A Threat Of We THe People, Our Republic, And President. 
Cunt 1 and Cunt 2 plotting and planning! 
Useless fucking nigger 
Hahahaha! You got kicked out of your university for being a failure! Lol! What a retarded faggot! 
If i had a been that student, id a Told That Cunt To Get Fked. Yeah i am and Always Have Been A Rebel. 
Faggot 
I love an ancient, dried up, vengeful twat in black 
Says a retarded psycho bitch that no sane man wants to make a baby with. 
Lol Like your twatish views are to benefit whites you mean? Twats rarely benefit anyone they think they are benefiting, of any race. So just call him a twat like most other Jews would. Ok! ) 
I'd hardly call them pussies. Unlike the blubbering vaginas that make up the far right, Antifa is at least willing to get off their asses and go commit violent acts to push their agenda. The far right can't be fucked to get off the internet even though they know full well violence is the only solution. They'd rather just make podcasts and shitpost. If I could trade every faggot in the Alt-Right for half as many Antifa I'd do it in a heartbeat. We'd have an ethnostate by the time Trump gets defeated in 2020. 
That cunt needs to live up to her name and be lynched. 
Barack Obama doesn't fight his own fights. He's a limp wristed mom jean wearing Faggot with Secret Service protection. 
Oh you stupid fucking cunt God did not send Trump you whore, he coned his way onto the White House. I bet your pussy is just as dirty. 
Where did I read that the statue of liberty is a tranny sent by jews representing some goddess they worship or withe lol 
"where did I read that the statue of liberty is a tranny sent by jews representing some goddess they worship or withe lol " You my dear, don't know nothig! Stop reading the garbage of Christians Christian Garbage. 
Yeah and you see Christians doing this all the time all over the world right you fucking retard 
It turns out shrieking like a retard isn't a convincing argument 
Democrats are morally degenerate human sewage. That is a Fact but they are so brainwashed retarded that they do not understand FactS! Euthanasia is the only cure! They literally do not have functioning brains! 
Not arrested, killed. His family members too. You think if he's in prison that the cunt won't make things worse? 
We really don't need retard headlines on Gab, Read the headline, is Trump desperate about anything? Using the word desperate in the same sentence as Trump, is a sign of desperation. 
When is the tartan tranny cunt kranky going to fuck off and die 
Are you a Nazi? This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab. 
Yes, Nazis are weak and impotent faggots. Low Iq losers! In My reality the Nazis lost Ww Ii! Wake The Fuck Up! +1 (Neo) 
Those are fake tests just like the demonrats fake news and fake polls. ) No wonder those Nazi bastards lost the war. +1 (Neo) 
Why would the allies give fake Iq tests? That's some retard nigger tier shit. 
Why does the Msm do fake news and fake polls! Lol! 
That's nigger rational. 
That's some homo, kike, honkie, zipper headed, wet backed, goat fucking, nigger shit, God I love Gab, I'll never be banned again. 
I would have killed that fucking nigger piece of shit right on the spot 
"Fellow white people", it's a sad day for "us". And on the other day, you'll get the nigger in the woodpile argument or the race is a social construct argument. Well, then get rid of all govt cheese programs based on race. 
Faggot 
Power Cage. Sorry, I can’t be a fairy gay faggot like you are, because I’ve been married for almost 17 years. 
>Debacle\Emails\Asshat Lol! May this cunt be nailed down in court. Deus Vult! 
No one cares. The only thing is, a certain little soy sucking pole smoker is crying and snitching like the little cunt he is, so. 
Daaamn! How Dare That Nigger get elected to the Supreme Court after having his character, Family, and Education destroyed by Democrats. His in-con-negro ass should have been on Welfare where the Democrats in 1950’s Georgia put him. Thank God, Republicans don’t hold a grudge. We love the Constitution of the United States of America. 
When being a faggot doesnt get u enough attention. 
Icymi, Christine Baley Ford's twat just washed ashore in South Carolina. 
Nigger genocide can't come soon enough. 
Good until they come across a redneck with a bulldozer 
Fuckin traitor cunt 
What a disgusting faggot 
It’s so obvious that whitey is hated Bud. U genuinely look like a faggot tryin to stuff the kitty back in the bag. Also u hv a nigger in ur avatar, might wanna duck. 
Never trust a lawyer. They are lower than whale shit. Look here she has to come here and fill up your page with ads because she can't get clients. Liberal faggot whore. Go away! 
Some faggot is posting tranny porn on the politics tag For fucks sake image boards have better moderation 
Get A Fucking Job Mother Fucking Diseased Nigger 
Jews and negers take pride in defiling white GOy shiksas. Jews detailing their lust for Goyish Shiksas and their exploits of them. Grandpa Munster Interview-1989 The One And Only Al Lewis From Midnight Blue In 1989 Wanted a Goyish Shiksa. Marilyn Monroe: I’ll never have to suck another [Jewish] cunt again! Hollywood Jews Repeatedly Tried to Rape Shirley Temple This includes pedophilia, which is so rampant in Hollywood today it is considered An Open Secret that all child stars including boys are molested by these sickening Jews. Beloved child star Shirley Temple is no exception (except thankfully she made it out relatively unharmed. She writes in her book Child Star: An Autobiography of multiple incidents in which Jews tried to rape or force sex on her. When she was only 11 years old, her and her mother went to Mgm Studios to discuss the possibility of having Shirley star as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. Left alone with the Jewish producer, Arthur Freed, he immediately whipped his schlong out: At the same time, her mother was getting a similar treatment from Jewish Mgm Studios head Louis B. Mayer in the other room: Shirley Temple, fortunately enough, did not star in Wizard of Oz, and thus got away from these rotten kikes. Judy Garland, on the other hand, was not so lucky: she was reportedly abused and molested relentlessly by Mayer during filming, ruining her entire life. Jews Love Turning Our Teens Into Shiksa Whores And this suits Zio-Hollywood. They want the goyim’s daughters to grow up to be shiksa. Shiksa is a Yiddish word meaning abomination, impure, or object of loathing. Among American Jews, it is an offensive term applied to a non-Jewish girl or woman. Zio-Hollywood saturates its productions with inticing images of drug and alcohol use because it sees Jews as being relatively less vulnerable to these images than Goyim. Orthodox Jews, which are the reproductive core of the Jewish tribe, shield their children from Zio-Hollywood, and non-Orthodox Jews tend to be wealthy enough to keep their kids busy with healthier extra-curricular activities and are less dependent on the television set as a babysitter. So it should be no wonder that Zio Hollywood is intentionally undermining the sexual morality aspect of what University of Massachusetts Professor Josh Lambert disparagingly refers to as America’s family-friendly culture. If young goyim get drawn into sex in their early and mid-teens, they will be less likely get into good colleges, where European Americans already face major discrimination. Combined with drug and alcohol use and saturated with an unhealthy and anti-intellectual mass media, the young shiksa are being put on a path of being a single mother perhaps to a single child where they will struggle to get by with low-paying, low-skill jobs. Meanwhile, Orthodox Jewish girls will stay at home and raise large families while non-Orthodox Jewish girls will tend towards more important and higher paying careers. 
Any nigger that knocks up a white woman with her consent, both hang. If she is raped, the nigger hangs, just like the good old days before the jews pushed their degeneracy down the throats of gullible whites. 
Nigger communist feels more natural 
Nicolle Wallace’s Violent Fantasy Life: ‘Wring’ Sanders’ Neck, ‘Punch’ Trump’s Face Send this rabid cunt into the heart of Syria so they c as n gang rape her 
Purple faggot tie. Jfc. 
"The history of africa before the white man is one of famine, starvation, and genocide" Exactly! That's why the nigger population was so small and manageable before the White colonists showed up. But when Africa is under Chink colonial rule there won't be any more of that compassion bullshit. 
No matter where, the Us, Italy, South Africa. Those same mocking grins from nigger killers of White people. It should be enough to convict them and earn the death penalty. 
Breaking: Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker Roflmao You're Outed Faggot 
Braindead comment by a faggot cocksucker 
Joachim banning striker from the show is a retarded decision. They used to get into it a lot and I could tell Joachim would get pissed but that's what would make the show so entertaining. There's no point in watching anymore. He's probably going to notice a significant decrease in donations as a result 
A dozen kids, so risk the life of a woman, cos your too retarded for a safer option, you dumb fuck 
Well, There was a Lying, Thieving Nigger in the W. H. , so why Not? 
Somebody shoot this communist leftist male feminist, faggot already. 
This is a violent nigger who worked for another violent nigger 
Nolte: Cnn’s Freak Show of Violence and Racism Hit 17 New Lows This Week (Cnn should have no viewers at this point. This is the most unAmerican, leftists retard network on the air. There are no professionals at this network. They only hire circus clowns. If you want the truth, listen to Fox news Tucker Carlson, Sean hannity and a few others that come on in the evening) 
If you fuck niggers and have children with them than you have destroyed your white blood and it would not be a white offspring so you destroy the white race with both your options! Race mixing destroys a blood line never to be white agian 
And I would rather have my blood line end than mix it with nigger blood 
Harry just fucked the royal bloodline. Now known as the House of Sheboons 
Keep playing defense and sharing the ball on offense pistons we got this shit, exposing that fuckin faggot embiitch 
If i was on twitter i woulda already been banned, cause even twitter gotta help that faggot try to look better than the far superior dre at all costs 
Why isn't this twat in a special coat with long arms that tie at the back? / 
Looks like Dancing with the Monkeys, to me! 
Holy shit, if you only saw the way the Nigger just gaped at the little White girl with his rapist eyes. 
Who do you believe will change their vote if they see a bunch of rednecks blowing away an illegal immigrant mob while trying to cross our border? 
So, if an Israeli blows away a Pal on their border, "no comment". But if a white man blows away a ms-13 gang member on his border, "that's bad optics" and "count me out"? The "average weak minded voter" that buys into the media's narritive already votes liberal and appeasement and optics cucking isn't gonna win their vote, nor will it push that media to be any less severe in their criticisms of Trump and conservatives. If you're white and right wing, you're a privilege Nazi and facts don't matter. However, scenes of people defending their country will flood a silent majority to the polls and turn these invading muther fuckers around. 
Again, I can't comment on Israel and Nazis, but I'll tell you this. This side of that border is My country. No one should cross that border illegally. Our government is to blame for this. They are the ones that should be shot, especially Obama. Instead of fixing this problem, these bastards have been playing politics. We should have secured our borders long ago and shot those wetback fuckers that tried to cross, and sent the message long ago. But Democrats are pussies and want open borders. So here we are. I'm not mad at Honduran migrants but I'm pissed at my government. I just think if we're gonna start a war, we should at least be shooting at the right people. 
By this standard, shouldn't you be shooting the people that elected those people? They are only doing what they were elected to do. And aren't you concerned with the optics of rednecks murdering politicians? Will the media be more forgiving if a right winger blows Maxine Waters to hell? Those people you don't have a problem with just gave Mexico the middle finger when offered asylum, there. Now, they will flood into the Us, by force if necessary, and demand you give them shit, but you don't have a problem with them for doing it? That is a politicians fault? You have serious hypocrisy issues, bud. 
Niggers are just plain stupid. These ignorant coons, indoctrinated as they are into hating Whites, were just looking for some White guy to beat or kill if they could. Don't ever help the "New" nigger with anything because it could lead to the death of you. 
Well who would have thought that. 
He's a cunt 
He is Asian isnt he The fucking apologists and appeasers are doing their best to point out he is a sikh So musrats are Asians but sikhs are sikhs These selfhating whites will do and say anything they can to protect the musrats and their paedophilia cult. The White British People who want to preserve their identity had better wake up quick Only one generation left 
Sikhs don't do what Mudslimes do. 
Lord Singh Qc has just decided Muslims and Jews should be buried before Christians. Instead of first come first served. Sikhs need to sort him out 
No it's not! 100% not about Roe Vs Wade. This was all about resisting Trump. Trump's legacy would be secure if he gets a Scotus that will slap down the 9th circuit court activist Liberal weirdos. The Minute Trump gets a Congress or a Scotus secured. The Liberal reign of Terror is over and Trump can begin pulling the trigger on the Swamp without some fagot commie in a robe undermining him and a retarded low Iq Senator calling for impeachment 
Ok everybody, withhold your taxes till the cunt dies! , if you end up in jail demand to go to the one he's in then kill him. 
The Islamic trojan horse is too dangerous, even to keep alive! 
You are a cunt 
Harris is just Another Moran Nigger Bitch. 
See? Nigger stupidity. Don't even know they are being mocked. 
Californians need to get to the polls and vote and offset the voter fraud. 
Just because a nigger killed a kike doesn't mean white people should jump on the Kayne West bandwagon. 
Niggers kill indiscriminately. 
That is bcuz they R of the tribe of Canaanites which our creator, God Warned Us 2 Stay Away From Them. They have Fallen Angel Blood Within All Of Them! As God created the white Adamic Isrealite race, Lucifer created the black race, Jews, & other mixed mud races! Thou hast given us like sheep appointed for meat; & hast scattered us among the heathen. Psalms 44: 11 
1. I hope U realize that the folks Still in Control of Russia, R the Same Jews (Hittites) Running America! They gained control of Russia back in 1932 during the first Holomador 
It is being blocked by the dems. Yell at them. He can only do what congress will let him. Or are you that retarded you can't see this. It will be done if you get out and vote them dems out. Dumb ass 
Cartoons do not make a persona pedo you rube theres a much biggerfight out there thena few people that like dumb jap shit. 
Fbi proof that those bombs sent to the Dems were sent by niggers. Traces of Bbq sauce found behind the stamps! 
Oh kiss my ass retard. Lol your name tells it all dumb nigger wannabe DinduNuffin! Bwaa haa 
Stupid ass nigger insults all women with this sh*t. Melania Trump spokesperson calls for boycott of T. I. Over video featuring first lady look-alike stripping 
I get that Gab comments are still pretty screwed up and in spaghetti. But I already made it clear that I was speaking about people who post about Sa. But when Christian Whites want to Step Up and help them - there is a Backlash and "Oh No! Because They Are Christians! " bs thing that happens. I was clear - in addressing the standard that makes No Sense - in this matter. I Call It for what it is Pagans Use the horrid events happening to white Christians as soviet type news for an agenda - but when push comes to shove. "oh no. Not You Guys helping". So pagans would rather white Christians what. Die? Don't reply again. Everything you and yours - spout is Retarded. When I am speaking about helping WHItE Christians. Look - I'll just go Off Line and Off of this Pretend World. And go to Churches. And ask for their help - after the Retarded response this week - from Pagans attacking - after my post about helping people who are in need in Sa. Small group but loud you are - and one day - people will see you for what you Really Are. Liars. Shills. Someone being paid to continue your Bs. Christians and their church members - are who have Always StepPED Up in the past - is Where I Will Go For Help. So if anything - pretty much concludes any of my dialogue with social media. Because sooooooo many liars and posers at the end of the day. While Real Christians have StepPED Up decade after decade. And in this one is seems that most of them are Russian. So very comfy for me. To speak to people. Who have A Heart. Oh and Sinead. Since you are obsessed with re-posts - and your pretend friends who hate you always let me know - You can repost this one. Put YouR Money Up Where YouR Mouth Is - or shut up. Christians - Will step up - where these pretend "I sooooooo love WHItE People - except NoT when they are Christians. And this goes for all the other pagans as well. " You Morons those people in Distress and Being Murdered - Are Christians. Any Christians who want to help out - please write to me privately. 
It's ok to be a nigger 
Shameful, the refugees will find out they been lie to by a faggot and he gonna be dead soon. Keep faking, he even sit like a faggot! 
I am so sick and tired of this fucking school and the bombastic 24/7 pussy-parade it has plastered all over national media since January. If these faggots were really genuine about their desire to change things they wouldn't be so eager to indulge in an obvious smear-campaign that has nothing to do with the gun debate, nor would this cunt be wiling to bring race-baiting into the picture. News-flash you Skankasaurus: Ford's white too! 
Oh dear Jesus. Let her do it and some wacko will want to blow up Mount Rushmore then. Why not collapse the Grand Canyon after that! I am sure it offends some f*cking retard out there! 
U new on gab and already people are asking u to please walk on home, now please go back to Twitter, you don't fit in here retard 
The nigger geraldo rivera needs hanged to death per our american law. 
It's interesting how when their skin is White you can really notice how ape like their faces really are. It's no wonder that google images was picking them up as gorillas. 
It has started. One nigger in there already 
Cross Bred Nigger! 
Girl pulls pre-Viking era sword from lake. 
Damn it sucks to be a liberal lefty crazed maniac pink pussy twat and it must suck for men to follow women who make them wear the same hat hat isnt literal its the way they carry themselves colorful men all idiots 
You keep repeating 3 desperate mantras. Every time you appear here you use them. You’re not the full shilling are you! You are like that retard Slatty in that regard, you lefties are all fucked in the head. Tragic old woman. 
And while they have 10 million retarded vicarious sychophants following them on twitter celebs will never shut the fuck up with the ignorant bullshit lapped up by morons 
You realize that the Founding Fathers were considered liberal, retard 
Faggot perv and his made up "laws". 
Sweden has been an enemy of whites since at least Wwii and their retard men were in power then. Swedes and Norwegians have an (obsessive) hatred of whites in southern Africa. And themselves. Cucked. 
Good, jew lover, dick sucker, nigger lover 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Lying cunt 
? After decades of the narrative. The one that claimed that if there was a gun in the house a baby will find it and hurt themselves or others? Decades of safety storage? Decades of retarded travel case boxes? All Lies. They only want the damned guns. 
In the wise words of Winston Churchill. "what a nigger faggot". 
That’s crazy, bro. So you married a woman who used to be a mudshark and her previous nigger shot up the Amish community? Damn bro, I’m glad you got away from all of that. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Nigger faggot 
The bull dyke nominee for Georgia governor was, surprise, a campus radical that burned the Georgia flag. 
Aaaand it's another stupid nigger 
Saw this on the (Tv. Do the Jews making these commercials really believe a white women will ever consider dating a mudshark? Kikery delusion at it's finest. 
That nigger looks like he got smashed in the face by a shovel. 
Must be a chinknigger hybrid 
By the look of the flat face, probably Korean. 
Indeed. I am no master I know nothing. When all these retarded little white liberals realize they can be victims just like all their socialists friends, My bet is they will eat up the "Jewish Supremacy" narrative. I am putting my dollar down on that bet. 
Amazing jewish dominance of Cnn. Masters at Fake News 
Someone has to be extremely Retarded to believe Cnn's Jew bullshit! Jews are Liars! 
Any Suck That Supports This Islamic Cunt Bitch Is Way Beyond Mind Numbing Stupid! Linda Sarsour >Goat PIsS Drinking Fgm Supporting Gay Hating Cunt Whore! 
I do not take advice or demands from imbeciles who cannot tell the difference between boys or girls or who think they live on a giant spinning ball. Im guessing you're a huge meat eating faggot as well so Stfu and get back to your tranny porn! 
Muhammad was a pedophile false prophet of Satan. 
In Canada, the legal system treats islamic honor killings as domestic violence, and now the Retarded Asshole, Justin Trudeau wants to make the maximum penalty for Islamic terrorism a mere 6 months in jail. This is what happens when a country cucks out to Islam. This must not be allowed to happen in the Usa. 
That isis loving simp Must go to jail asap 
You must use the correct terminology. They are called fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. 
What I like about Robert Bower’s action is that jews will attack Trump, this series of attacks will red-pill huge numbers of his half-awoke followers. The stupid jew will cut down the tree, rip-saw the planks, fashion the shape and forge the nails to make their own coffins. Let the jew dig his own grave in wailing at Trump. That is what using the the Heß Doctrines does, it facilitates the jew in his own destructive nature and ways. Hh 
Living in your mom's house until you're 40, actively refusing to get any kind of education outside of your redneck family is a sure way to disperse stupidity. 
Colbert Writer After Kavanaugh Vote: I'm Just Glad We Ruined His Life via Cunt 
Another brain-dead twat who's too stupid to recognize that idiotic political posturing alienates half her audience. 
Ur thoughts are different than my thoughts, your posts make my posts look bad, ur to stupid for social media (ur standards) Trash, idiot, drivel etc. If there was a bitch emoji it would be regulated for u in this very instant. Shut the internet down everybody the cunt is unhappy! 
You fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches make it so easy. 
Holohoax Industry News When she finally admitted it was a fabrication, she explained, "This story is mine. It is not actually reality, but my reality, my way of surviving. " 
Your a fuckin idiot yourself Bud. Who produced, directed etc ur lil recommend film? Cat is outta the bag about ur baby dick eating pals Bud. You look like a faggot tryin to stuff it bck in 
I believe she a lying Cunt 
Well. If business owners Won'T protect their property By Shooting This Nigger Scum, What Do You Expect. And that's the Only Way To End All This. 
So, that’s your motive? To save untold lives? You should be more concerned with the shit head libtards that are Actually telling their zombies to perpetuate acts of violence and they are. Qanon has never condoned violence. 
What's funny is when a nigger does something the entire media is like look what this nigger did. It'S Amazing! It's because it's actually rare when niggers do anything smart. 
Flake voted yes to proceed to the final vote. I guess his son N1GGERKILLER changed his mind. >"Stop being a fucking faggot dad! " >"O-oh. Okay son. S-ssorry" Chad Son Vs Virgin Dad 
Welcome to. You can someone a nigger faggot ya know. If u want to. 
Flat Earthers Full Retard Mode Episode 3. 1 via 
Not getting enough faggot in your daily media or from "fags on Gab" like? Well then step right up and get your sodomite pride on with a faggoty face on your Apple Watch. After all, it's all in our heads (right sodomite sycophants) You're no threat to our kids. Keep eating dat poo poo queermos! 
This is the mainstream Jew media faggot. They proffer these stories to undermine a society. Then, you come to Gab, as if Twitter and Faceberg didn't coddle you faggot ass enough, and demanded that we celebrate your sodomy on "free fag wedding day. " No dice homo. 
Tell it to Torba! @a Hello, Torba? User doesn’t think it’s just that I should get to come on Gab and use my freedom of speech when I he thinks I get coddled on Facebook and Twitter enough as it is. What are you going to do about that? 
Aka nothing you can do about it I get as many dice as I want, hetero 
Lol, whining to the admin. We already knew you were a fagboi. 
Lol dude if I told you my favorite color was teal, you’d tell me that teal is the favorite color of all Jew sycophant soyboy fags. 
We already figured you liked teal. And pickles. And dicks up your ass. Lol. Nasty little faggot. 
Ask me my favorite anything and I’ll see if you have something against it. Fav sport is golf. Fav food is lobster. Fav season is fall. Are golf-playing lobsters in the fall all things Jewish soyboy sycophant fags like? 
On both sides, its why there is a mute button. Dont want to see it, mute it. 
For sure! That’s why I don’t mute anybody. They’re free to post what they want. Muting somebody is admitting you don’t like Gab’s role as a freedom of speech facilitator. 
I like the word proffer, though. It’s a good one. I’ll give you an upvote for the vocab. 
Here you go MegaFaggot: 
Also, MegaFaggot is another compliment to me. I’d be careful. You don’t want people to think you secretly like me. 
Yeah I'm sure that's real risk. I think you want to convert me, you basically demand I celebrate your faggottry by performing the act. 
Nah. I doubt you could be converted. 
"we have to be partisan Republicans. " What's your response to the r party even abandoning the pretense of representing white interests and openly courting the spic population? Yeah, you're not even touching that one. The silence is deafening. 
Their race mixing should be rewarded? Disregarded, like waste, that's what I do. 
Faggot 
Taylor swift. That was a retarded Daily Stormer meme. Consider the source and Flush. 
Holohoax Industry News When she finally admitted it was a fabrication, she explained, "This story is mine. It is not actually reality, but my reality, my way of surviving. " 
Repercussions are coming faggot 
Its just like I’ve been saying all along. Eli made up some lies about me. Then he and Spencer took over the on the ground control of the event from me. 
What's retarded is tucking the /alleged/ info away to use as blackmail, which was a Spencer/Kline production. Shenanigans like that are far more problematic for the integrity of the cause than a stray mischling here or there. 
Yes, I know. It's just that all of the premises here are offensive. I don't have a Jewish grandmother from New York who died in 2002. Even if I did the concept that someone should be ostracized because they have a Jewish relative is stupid. Spencer & Eli seized "operational control" of Utr because I refused to Sieg Heil with them. How did that work out guys? 
I think it's time move on from the Utr you guys. It's one thing if you have new info's, but other then that let's just leave it be, and stop debating this and that. Besides, leadership wise, who would follow a guy that did the stolen valor routine. (Eli fake last name blah blah. I don't know why people even come with that idea, it's stupid and disgraceful. 
That mustache makes you look like Farva from Super Troopers. 
They seized operational control because their appetite for control exceeds their stomach for leadership. You keep thinking that ideology and behavior are correlated in our movement. They're not, and personalities must be judged on their record, not their supposed political fancies. 
The lesson here isn't that national socialists or antisemites are asses. Plenty of them are, to be sure. But there are asses of every flavor on the radical right. 
One lesson I do see is how paranoia and suspicion feed off of themselves. The plan was, ironically, a conspiracy to leverage fear about Jews to manipulate a crowd that's fearful of Jewish perfidy. If only that were the only perfidy we've got to deal with. 
Faggot. 
I second that. Something is very fishy about Kessler. 
They wanted to make it all theirs until it got violent, then they were glad to hide up next to the National Guard while it became a Nationalist Front event. And when it became a legal quagmire, they were happy to make it your event again. 
Some would wish to ostracize you and some wouldn't, which would be much better than an enduring whisper campaign. I was blocked from Cms for years over a baseless rumor of Jewish heritage that only went away when Dna testing became affordable. 
Elija old school Dem house nigger. 
Change your name to faggot pepe videos pal, then off you go to suck on sargons balls in KeKistan 
Didnt he apologize to this cunt? 
We saw how great stealing Trump 2016 signs from front yards did for that vapid ugly cunt Hillary did. 
Nothing will happen. This cunt will return like Cersei Lannister and have us all enslaved or killed. 
We call it retarded liberal garbage, lots of global warming tards will freeze to death, that's how God works. 
America is a country that has been gutted spiritually. All the old values - if there were any in the first place - are gone. There are too many competing ethnic groups for us to have common ideals anymore, not counting the ideals imposed from above by the amoral Jews. 
Yes I am saying that. 
Cool, now we know it's false because you said itD 
It was legalised due to their efforts, yes. You're just like a Cnn anchor feigning astonishment in place of an argument. 
Neat, who legalized it and when was it legalizedD 
Jews are really programmed robots and that is a Fact. Jews are in Fact a very confident Retard! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
Pidgin. It's the best that some of these retarded nogs can do. Malawi: Police arrest 140 for 'vampire' kill-kill 
Execute the wetback felon. 
The Kkk served a purpose - to keep unruly niggers on the reservation of law and order. Rape apes attacked White women, especially after 1865. Whites defended their people in those days. It was brutal and it was just. Now, the nigger rape apes get to rape and kill with abandon. And yet you appeal to stale anti-White memes. You are behind the 8-ball. 
All those titles and never once named the 1 grp of ppl behind this whole mess we’re in. Your an idiot n a coward. The cat is outta the bag about ur baby dick eating pals Bud. You just look like a faggot tryin to keep it in. 
Jew means nigger 
Hey Eis, I haven't been following this, and since I trust you, how about you 'splain it to me: One muzzie country killed a guy from another muzzie country, and we're supposed to care why, exactly? 
Or you’re just a faggot 
Still I'm laughing, this bitch is a raging cunt, an gets all in a huff when she tries to bully Karen, an gets called a cunt again. An that bitch look. Priceless 
Did the faggot spray water on himself 
What is that annoying camel-faced Allah nigger doing in My country? 
A reminder that the only foreign people I give 2 shits about are White brothers and Sisters that are suffering at the hands of Kike bullshit. 
Sweden only wants muzzie trouble makers who refuse to integrate - just so they can accommodate "diversity" in their nation. This white family doesn't fit the profile of "diversity" so they'll be shipped out in no time. 
Did not even define, what a retard 
Niggers are the byproduct of evolution towards the Aryan peak of the hominid family, just as Chimpanzees are. The failed dead end cadet-branch of an upward trajectory for the main branch. Lower Iq, no innate sense of nobility, just animals with no souls whose existence is for eating, fucking, and shitting. Blunts bitches & 40s. 2/ 
The split was probably at H. Heidelbergensis when hominids were firmly established in Europe, while those who stayed behind became the failed cadet branch that led to the Nigger Sapiens species. Those that moved to Europe adapted light skin, light hair, and light eyes along with huge brains. The Neanderthal Species. 3/ 
Neanderthals spread throughout the world, except for subsaharan Africa, where the Nigger Sapiens continued shitting, eating, and sleeping without doing anything of note for 350, 000 years. Neanderthals gave rise to all non-nigger hominid hybrid cadet-branches, but the Aryan is the main branch. 4/4 
3/ Your fucking faggot ancestors are the reason for all of this shit. You guys wouldn't even let us secede. Why would we let you? 
Daily reminder that I hate niggers, jews & moslems but what I hate more than anything else are anti-White, White People. 
Ouch, I may never recover, you nigger & jew loving faggot. 
I hope the members of the Wbc are forced to suck a thousand sand nigger cocks 
Get the sand nigger cock out of your mouth before you type to me 
Karen Johnson is an ugly nigger 
Oh dear, there is that Cunt News again, stirring the pot! 
It was taken seriously, her written testimony conflicts with her spoken. This faggot needs to be in the unemployment line. 
Pedophlie tranny. 
Yet, you know some men are saying, "If she presents as female, then i have no problem. " It's a faggot in make up. Ffs. They can do anything with special effects makeup, now. 
Does anyone actually think that nigger football players earn a real college degree? 
Stupid nigger 
And all 5 Cities are Full of Nigger Gangs, which is the Root Bottom of said Violence. 
And all the liberal white kids want to be just like them. The media promotes the denigration of society in the name of niggerism 
Yes, Sad but True, the Wigger (White Nigger Loser) is an Unfortunate Result of the Jew Degeneration Manipulation Process, Aka Nwo (New World Odor. 
This is not a new thing, I've seen them in the 90s. These are a little later. 
I Remember when Wiggers 1st Appeared in the late 80's/early 90's, it was Right after Public Enemy 'Bring the Nigger Noise' & ice T's 'Cop Killer' Single. There might have been even earlier Examples, as i am No Expert in Wigger History. 
Sounds Like A Carpet Muncher To Me. Hay Cunt Try Eating A Dick It Might Give U A Real Smile For 1CE. What A Douchebag 
Nigger rappers are who I get political advice from. Especially when they wear peanuts T-shirts. Haahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahh 
All you need to do with all the Jewish sewage propaganda is invert what they are saying. If a Jew accuses someone of somethingm they are telling who they are! Whenever NetanYAHOO speaks he is talking about IsraHELL. The Truth never comes out of a Jews mouth! The Jew is unable to even speak the Truth! 
Rev 2: 8-11 Jews and they are not even Jews nor are they semitic either, they are just Liars, Thieves, and Murderers! They worship satan and God will eventually destroy them all! 
Yes, isn't it amazing how many Christians do not listen to Jesus? Organized religion has been inflitrated and that is the reason it is the few, not the many. Many will knock, but they will be ignored. Growing up a Lutheran, it should have been required reading Martin Luthers "The Jews and their Lies" But Organized Lutheran churches have been inflitrated by the Jews and they are getting money to bring in the low Iq immigrants. Satan has a grip on peoples minds! God has a plan and it is a test, but it sure is frustrating to actually understand things, and not get a little mad. Satan appears to most people as God and God as Satan. Satan has created the inverted Orwellian World! 
Believing a Jew or the government is a conspiracy theory. Taking a look at Facts proves everything a Jew says is a Lie! Getting people to actually look at Facts however is not easy when they are in a trance! The Npc meme is great and is very appropriate for lefites that is for sure! They are all brainwashed retarded as the left is a satanic cult complete with satanic blood human sacrifices at planned parenthood. But their minds cannot make the connection. Pointing out their absurdity is of course Hate Speech! This is the inversion that satan so perfected. Seek the Truth and the Truth will set you free! 
It has been announced that Harry and MegNog are expecting arrival of their first quarter nigger monstrosity in Late April. Attention hungry idiots have broken the news to family during Eugenie's wedding. Such crass, rude and low class behavior. Seems ghetto manners have rubbed on Harry big time. It's odd that they had to announce it while couple is abroad. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Canadians death warrant. This faggot is going to kill all of the people he's supposed to protect 
He's a registered Democrat faggot like you. Lol 
Kanye West Delivers Pro-Trump Rant on ‘Snl, ’ Gets Booed By Faggot Haters 
They're communists you raging faggot 
Fuckingbshit not this cunt Hilary again 
"Triggering the libtards" is a worse than useless, as liberals are at their most successful when they are angry and feel a common purpose. Look at feminism and Lgbtq activism. Are they winning or losing? A strategy that actually works is turning the moderate left against the radical left - this won't happen because the modern Gop is awful across the board. 
Right, and I’m saying you’re wrong. You’re confusing conservative personalities with the voter contingencies, Paul Ryan might live in the suburbs but he speaks to/for the farmers. True Conservatism is the most popular in rural populations. The suburban and urban trump voters were voting for populism, rural voters were voting against abortions. 
Paul Ryan speaks for Big Ag. He speaks for the chamber of commerce. Rural people get suckered into voting for those economic polices through the use of dog whistles by the Gop like abortion. Just like working class get suckered into voting for nonwhite racial politics of the left. Again the rural South voted in a landslide in the primaries for Trump's populism 
Trump's campaign message was the same everywhere. When he came to my area he talked about trade, jobs, immigration. He would go to states like Michigan and talk about strong military but everyone knew what it was - populism/nationalism. The strong military was going to be to protect America - not interventionism. 
The idea that you need to ditch all rural people and cater the left is one that Richard Spencer advocated a decade ago and he has gone nowhere with it. Spencer's idea was that you build top down. The only problem is the entire top reject him completely. You need to have Indians to be a chief. 
The perfect winning platform imo is the Midwest economic message with the rural social message. Trump proved it in 2016 - he united with a message that appealed to both the South & the Midwest. 
That is where guys like Secular talk get it wrong. They want to build some left wing economic utopia while ignoring the giant gorilla in the room which is race. The nonwhite races are taking over the party & the only economic justice they care about is how much money is transferring from White pockets to theirs. 
People on the economic left like Pakman and Seder make sense, but only when you ignore the reality of race and sex, which even right wingers won't acknowledge. What is comical is the Gop free market scam. If races are truly equal in aptitude, what explains negro poverty other than systematic discrimination? So they're just purposely scoring low on tests? 
The Gop economic model is disastrous for any winning coalition. It guarantees the party will be wiped out and the non-White racial block is ushered into power. The Gop is a total mess 
Almost nobody likes it. The New Deal was wildly popular among all classes of Americans. Ditto for the Gi Bill. Republicans hated all these programs You know what's not popular? Tax cuts for the rich, our Hmo health system, etc. The only reason why whites continue to vote Gop is for emotional reasons, or a misplaced desire to punish the left for being obnoxious. 
There is a reason the Gop was out of power for a generation after the 1920's. 
President Hoover ordered the infantry and cavalry to shoot at veterans who protested in D. C. , demanding pensions that the government owed them. Yeah I can't figure out why he was hated, either. "Fdr was a socialist who made the depression worse, amirite guis? " "(big banks) are being cruelly oppressed by Obama's socialism! " What a retarded ass party. 
Why this Muzzie Pos traitor even has a statue, besides in the ghettos, is beyond comprehension! 
I'll quote the great Mark Fuhrman Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger. 
Im giggling like a retard here this is glorious shit 
Prevent bubbles? Are you retarded or just painfully ignorant? This is the biggest bubble in the history of bubbles, and just like since 1913, The Fed blows 'em and then pops 'em. Learn history (of monetary policy fraud) fool. 
I'm a permabull and this "market" will crash worse than 2008, but retardohedge is just a clickbait scam. Hope that clarifies it. 
Just remember, bitches want to be treated like shit! If you don't treat them like shit from the very beginning they think you don't love them. Treat a bitch like a nigger treats a dog and they'll love you forever. 
No, thats virgin, retard advice. You don't treat them like shit. You dangle your desire in front of them. You make them work for it. You make her wonder if your interested. You pursue them but you make it seem like you don't know if you even give a shit, to the girl. That's how you do it. 
Exactly. Either that or. 'I'm glad my lie detector test isn't until tomorrow because funerals blow. What did I inherit? ' Either way you'd have to be a high functioning retard or a low functioning alcoholic to take the traumatic, surprisingly complex Two Question Test, and not remember which day. She's a fucking liar. 
That's the first clean nigger I've ever seen. 
650k. Thats fucking peanuts. They breached the data of tens of millions of people and interfered with a democratic process. Fuck these faggot judges 
I don't know what this faggot is trying to achieve with his Soviet style realism. Preying on impressionable American alt-righters, are we? 
Cunt 
Lock This Stupid Cunt Up Already! 
Engaging leftists intellectually/politically is like playing chess with complete retards. You check mate them & they simultaneously shit themselves & have a full retard grandmal seizure. 
White babies are the ideal standard for society but we can’t win a breeding war with the third world. If you hadn’t muted muted me like a faggot I would tell you we need to advocate for stronger borders and deportations. 
You Do know that your an Idiot borderline Retarded Moron. Right? 
No, but I know you are in denial if the truth, and are a deluded, retarded moron. Fuck you 
No men in Canada to stop this Bull Dyke? 
Alex Jones is a fucking retard 
She's a nigger loving cunt 
4D Chess. Trump says 'anonymous' perfectly fine, two days later he stumbles like a retard trying to say it, people think he's dumb as a result, they're being played for fools and don't even know it. 
The Retarded Asshole, Justin Trudeau thinks that if a terrorist kills you Canadians, he should only get 6 months in jail. If Canadians continue to put up with this crypto-muslim fool, they deserve what will happen to them. 
Wait until Canadian women’s muslim owners are fucking them at will and then selling them to the highest bidder! They will wish they had moved to the United States where a president would protect them! 
Lmao my profile is my name and a picture of myself. Unmask yourself faggot 
Maybe that faggot race baiter should pay his taxes 
Cunt Cher Is Total Vile Sjw Scum! 
I am laughing my butt off. What a fucking retard 
I no longer believe nor care about women being raped! Equality remember? This is cause and effect. Men rape and women murder their young, sounds pretty equal to me. Women brought this ont hemselves. 321 let the harpies begin. 
A lot of people don't. It's really sad too, because it does happen. Women get raped all the time. But because these cunt feminists have kind of flooded the market with bullshit, the women who really have had something happen to them won't be believed. I hate feminism & leftists women for that. I don't even have words to express how much. 
I hope the members of the Wbc are forced to suck a thousand sand nigger cocks 
This autist actually believes that drinking urine is healthier than drinking water, and that drinking water is even bad for your health. "People have actually died from drinking too much water. " Yes, if someone were to drink a gallon of water in one sitting, the resulting water toxemia could kill a person by interrupting normal brain function caused by abnormally high levels of electrolytes. This dude is retarded though! 
I fucking bet. Fuck this whole reality Tv shit. Like Lindsay Graham is supposed to be my hero now because he "totally destroyed the libtards epic style. " And I supposed to give a fuck that Kanye Kardashian is a retarded attention whore. LuL 
Niggered. Go talk to oprah the ugly nigger that built a school in apefrica for Niggers Only. Niggers go home. Your skoo is waiting for you 
Aaaand he's still a nigger 
Fishman should be turned on a spit over an old pit like a big party nut that; he is. As an actor in my book this liberal twat is the same in real life. A damn cowardly progressive leftist all mouth and no substance. I don’t have to care for I’m not a fan of stupidity. 
What an epic mind & $#@ it is to see retarded White rioters screaming at white people. Seriously? Get a mirror, Retard! Virtue signaling is not gonna save your self-hating @$$es at the end of the day. 
Europe is cucked and fucked when will the citizens change their attitude about the muzzie invasion. 
Surely you took note of his fascination for Nigger dick? 
Funny how a Jug eared Twat like Lineker can call out for exposing the mass rape of young white girls when he continues to work for the Bbc, one of the world's most prolific paedophile rings, when has he ever spoken up for these girls or condemned their Muslim attackers? 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
Welcome to Trumpistan. Low class hillbillies. The death of Western Civilization. 
That hillbilly in his trash heap? Probably so. 
Hang that nigger from Big Ben. 
Stop lads. I posted those cuz he called me a cow and a fat cunt an said white girls are to blame for him not getn laid because we wanna vote or some stupid shite. I know you all mean well but say nice things or drool quietly, im in a mood now. Thanks 
Duplicity of Alp and green maggots, is; We sell coal to the world and is about the 3rd highest income, so other poor countries can have power cheaply, we are insane so is that Creepy Thurdbull cunt the Moslim cock sucker 
Jews are always behind censorship and are anti-free speech, unless they exploit free speech to promote their anti-white degenerate agendas. The synagogue that is so innocent was sued in 2013 for mutilating the genitalia of a young boy during a botched circumcision. Yids rape kids. Goodbye Jew boy, we won't miss you. Go back to twitter faggot. 
You are a good Npc! You use the same Retarded comeback all the time! That is because you are intellectually incapable of any original thought! You are just a zombified unconscious gullible moron! 
Fuck! The nigger golfers are kneeling too? 
This is why we don't need "based nigger in a maga hat" types 
White man cancer survivor thrown out of gas station (News) yawns. But if it was a kike or nigger oy vey nation wide coverage, racist white ppl. 
The fuck is with this shit cunt website constantly logging me out and giving me some generic newsfeed of normalfaggotry? Bottom Text 
Obzeen stands with Gingerbread nigger person 
I long for combat faggot 
Swedes are faggots who prefer sucking muzzie dicks 
Our nigger cook seems to be proud of the dish he's prepping. And they say those nogs are the same species as White humans. No. Cro-Magnon and Neanderthal and more modern man could interbreed, too. But diff species. Looks like he doubled down on the Texas Pete- 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Let me know when you grow a pair and stand up for your race, you cucked faggot. 
I went to Berkeley. I didn't see you there pussy. Wtf have you ever done in your life to prove you are not the: will never be nothing loser you are? Name just 1 thing without crying any more. You have never said any of your racist loser garbage in public ever you little bitch. Name just 1 thing right now without crying loser go: 
Retard Outwits Captors 
Circa 2013ish I posted about being a dyke raised southern baptist with my sunday school teacher mother. The whole thing freaked both of us out, don't act on it you're fine, etc. To eventual acceptance. I thought it was a touching story of how a mother's love could conquer anything. I was told by Them that she deserved to be killed brutally for 'what she did to me' 
You are a complete fool. It is nigger trash like you that is trying to destroy this Nation. 
Even though racist pedophile is wrong, I don’t think what you are doing is the right thing to do either. 
It's a retard troll. Look at the page. It just agitates everyone that responds to it. 
Well, if QAnon believes it must be true, you can disreguard it, that faggot hasn’t gotten anything right yet. 
QFag has been wrong since day 1, lol, his believers are liberals and should be treated as such. 
Lol, we're talking about Ci's, thicker then even regular christians. Ci's are some of the most retarded idiots on the planet, all they do is lie & bullshit, thats their entire strategy after their entire evidence for Ci got nuked & Rekt! In the Cq They got Rekt! So hard, they dont even admit theyre christian identerians anymore, top kek. 
And these are the people on here that rag on white Christian's, while pretending to be in tune with their pagan faggot viking cuck god 
Fucking Evil old Fucking Tar Nigger 
Nigger Looks Like He Got Nigger Aids 
With nigger teachers is manslaughter 
Warren just dug her own grave with the dna announcement (not that she had a chance in 2020 anyway. >falls into trump's frame, tries to prove herself >laughable dna results >self-serious, self-righteous, tone deaf cunt one less challenger 
You forgot to mention Tony Jones is a cunt and Q& A is a far left extremist program 
If everyone else jumped off a bridge would you be the only faggot who didn't? 
That's ridiculous/ I expect nothing less from the fairy gay faggot called Jack Dorsey. 
Fags are mentally ill and the jew pushing this life style on us, teach your children the truth because they are fed lies about it daily. 
Notice how the fags are only interested in White children, madam? Don't they like picaninnies? 
U guys notice many faggot wear brown pants? Almost like they trying to cover some shxt, u know? 
Good Nigger! 
I can't look at this dry cunt any more. 
The Iq avg for South Africans is 68. That reveals them to be mildly retarded. No one in the Usa would consider putting the mildly retarded in power. 
No, only the Severely Retarded get the job. 
I am not "admitting" anything. I was offering you an explanation. You dumb cunt 
Yeah, you did admit it, you faggot. Just because you didn't mean to doesn't mean that it doesn't count. 
Suck a bag of nigger dicks you clown 
Give a nigger an inch, it’ll take a foot, and then you won’t have a leg to stand on. 
Q people are retarded but its probably true. That shit was the only way to get NPCs and boomers on board enough so they at least grasp what is going on. There was never enough of us, we were too woke and we lost momentum. They needed to use stupid tricks. They are ready to bring the hammer down. 
- So then you must have bounced that faggot off the roof of the bar. Whoever cleaned up the resulting splatter below should wash his hands thoroughly in hot soapy water. 
Fucking Jew Loving Faggot Get Off Gab 
I Couldn’T Debate Abortion Politics With A Woman So, I Kicked Her In The Face, Just Like MARTIn LUTHer KInG. #q 
This faggot hairdresser from Canada needs to be in Jail. 
Bring it on faggot 
This faggot would if you're a jew 
That twit's twat has seen more traffic than the Holland Tunnel. I can't keep up! And you can be Moneypenny anytime you want. 
Sad deal there, , , to have retarded idiots as neighbors this demented, , , over the city cutting down a hazardous rotten tree. Why didnt the neighbors do anything a year before to save it? As quoted: They didn't miss a spot. The stone, the concrete, the stucco, my door. Everything. Was Hit with paint. *Thanks for the great link to this case 
Beware! "The Second Mass Meat Recall from an American Meat Packing company which employs large numbers of Somali Muslim employees " Muzzie goathumpers might be tainting the food supply. These dirty bastards shouldn't even be allowed into America. Much less hired by food companies. 
When you wipe your ass with your hands, it may be a good idea not to hire these disgusting bastards. 
Bill admitted to his mistress of sleeping with 2000 women before the age of 40. Then there's all the women he sexually abused or had affairs with once he became a politician. Makes you look at Hillary having the twat of a diseased yak because Bill sure steered clear of it. I always see that image whenever I see Hillary. 
Philistine Hammond is a treacherous cunt like his boss. 
You know you're dealing with grade A level retard when Disney films are the topic of discussion. 
90IQ rubes with high time preference don't understand how reality works. I hear them cry about niggers and how they are not getting everything handed to them on a plate. Then they scream that they want to tear down everything. To what ends? They chant the same exact lines I hear from nigger rioters, they're just angry that the jews don't promote them instead. 
Christarinsanity has a eunuch problem. Christarinsanity turns White men in to the field nigger of the Jew. Suck that jew dick, Christard! Suck is hard, and swallow! 
Well how about you go out and show us how its done rather than just singing nigger music and telling others to do your dirty work? No? Well how about you knock it off and leave it up to the adults. 
4 years ago sky news cunt Martin brunt killed a little twitter troll - I won't forget. 
Cuddle cat had the scent on it too - even if the she devil washed it. Why did she wash it? 
Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew! 
First of all, are not human. They are a distinct species. Humans have in them, but no. Sub-Saharan ) have ancestry, but no Neanderthal. 
Also, are Not. Many Jews have Nigger in their ancestry. And those Jews who do not have Nigger in them, are still in support of the (global crime syndicate) lead by, with its Hq in. 
After what has happened to Gab, anyone on the Right still opposing regulation to protect Free Speech online is either a retard or Controlled Opposition. There can be no competition, let alone freedom online, with a bunch of Traitors being able to no-platform any free speech site. 
Retard Cuomo Hype over 
The retards are so cute with their insults! When you are not intellectually capable of debate, character assassinate. Standard procedure I assure you for the intellectually deficient. Are you somehow insinuating that Jews are worth more than a fingernail? Jews are Retarded and obviously incredibly inferior sub human beasts. To not believe that would mean you don't look at Facts! 
It's the most pathetic conquering in the history of humanity. Both humiliating & sad. At any other point in history these things would be seen as an act of war & be treated for what they are. Now- nobody wants to be called bad names or have some faggot media rep do a story about how racist you are. So we just sit back & allow our countries to be ruined by hordes of people who have their own. No bullets are being fired, no cities are being sacked. They just show up & kill us by outbreeding using our tax dollars. Fucking shameful is what it is. 
It is a crisis. Nigger sand other non-whtes use the QWhite peoples taxes to breed mor inferiors of their kind. We end up takng finacial cade of theses inferior vermin. 
Actress Ellen Barkin: Trump Should Be ‘Removed. Not Just from Office’: Ok so this dried up cunt has tricked more than 1 man into marrying her. Then she divorces and takes all of their money. Fuck Ellen Barkin and her boney ass. 
Go cry some more cuntwell, or i will make your cry 
I'll headbutt you, faggot 
Those nigger blooms are weeds. I pull them out by the roots and let them rot in the African Compost Heap. 
They refuse to acknowledge the behaviour that led to the creation of the meme. I have not yet found a leftist that is not a complete retard on this meme. 
Emmanuel (want a dick lick) Wadl. Ready to be ruined by a real faggot and not like you a wannabe faggot? 
She has to have enough to not be deceived by jews and their push towards infidelity, nigger culture and 3rd wave feminism, yes. 
Lol this faggot still being a kike eh? 
Hey! These are human beings. Cunt Hildabeast is sociopathic psychopathic raw sewage scum. So are her supporters. 
The Half Nigger Obama invited all The Dumb NiggerS to the White House! 
Nigger founded cities are rare or non-existent like hen's teeth. Hail Victory! Hail the White Man! Hail Natural Law! * 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Faggots are soft what if he was just tapping them on the shoulder and there faces inadvertently got in the way. 
- "Hate crime" is the new spice on the faggot menu. The actual Truth is that their very existence is a hate crime, 
Why do you have a nigger fetish? 
Germans should use all those high tech gizmos that they love to invent to kick the Muzzies and kikes right out of the country. The (Holocaust) is a hoax! That's why Auschwitz has a chimney that was built by the Bolsheviks in 1947 that's not even connected to any buildings! Also, Merkel is a huge pile of shit. 
Are you going to go suck on a bloody babies dick like your faggot ass hero Rabbis do? Just asking! 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
Cunt you say takes one to know one Cunt 
MorganKiro7 (Antifa leftist Journalist) hiding behind this fake account sending out threats again. His main accounts on here are Gab. Com/SurvivorMed /Gab. Com/TruthWhisper and one main one he hides under is Gab. Com/L_Brewster using Ruth Gregor Pipe's photoshopped picture for the pictures on that alias account. Instagram/MaryJMays also known as Gab. Com/JudgeDread Instagram/SilverLynn. Npc also known as Gab. Com/HorrorQueen and Gab. Com/LovelyMiss using MaryJMays of Savannah, Ga 's sister Paige Mays picture photoshoppped. Naomi Smith (Is she still talking to herself making demonic sounds from her stomach? She's incredibly mentally ill isn't she, even possessed from what i've been told) from Shelton unit and the three homeless male prostitutes that live in her unit driving Morgan G Palmer MorganKiro7 's long black 4 dr sedan. You homeless drug addicts are trying to tell people you're Journalists and Private Investigators? You sell your stink rectum on Aurora to anyone that will buy it for $20 walking around wearing black backpacks smelling like garbage trying to wear ugly woman's clothes. Are you still walking around with blank papers trying to get in Naomi Smith's apartment so she doesn't get in trouble for have homeless drug addicts living in her apartment? I know you see it. Why is Morgan giving you wrong information to post while he's at work? Is it so you get the blame for it and arrested and he can say he doesn't know you or anything about the stalking? He looks like he's using the man's picture that parks in garage slot 99 that's a homosexual senior citizen. Morgan's has parked the dark hatchback in that slot before a few times. The guy used to be from Silverlake before moving to Seattle is all I know from what neighbors told me. There's also a few street prostitutes he pays that are homosexual tranny males and the main street hooker related to Ruth Gregor Pipe, her daughter Janet in her mid 60's they're photoshopping. She's a retarded developmentally disabled drug addict that lives on the streets often seen with SilverLynn. Npc of Whidbey Island. This is who's behind the fake accounts, doxxing and harassing. He should know i'm not going to shut up about his stalking. 
Wonder if this little faggot knows he'd be one of the first to have his head removed in front of the people he loves if the muslim scum were in power? 
Kanye West is not a - He's a Woken Negro - 
Demofarts are shitting themselves! A woke activated black man has risen. Oy the sound of melting snowflakes! 
The entire Msm is absolutely tripping over itself right now trying to find ways to paint Kanye as "insane" or "in need of help" - when they aren't just blatantly calling him "house negro" or "nigger" for daring to leave the plantation. 
I guess Msm are taking their cue from the French -calling Marine Le Pen mentally unstable and demanding she go for treatment. Calling a woke black person a house nigger or an Uncle Tom is so worn out -even they know it -but they still reflexively go there. 
I wouldn't know since I'm white, just like you wouldn't know about that, since you're a faggot Muzzie. 
When those puppy could of livers to how ever old had puppy of there own put because of these evil cunt I hope you not just get caught but in prison but I've to see them dead fill sorry for the owner of thoese puppy and them to 
Greg, a married father of 4, stopped at the rest area. While he was washing his hands, Thomas & Manuel came in & stood on either side of him. He noticed that 1 of the suspects was holding a gun & turned to run, when he was shot in the back. The suspects then fled witho taking anything. Greg survived, but was paralyzed from the waist down. 
Never. Never trust a nigger 
She's a retarded liberal cunt 
This retarded twat, along with any other abusers of the 2nd amendment, are not fit to represent the citizens and the constitution of the Usa. 
Litteral faggot ^^^ 
This is very sad that Conor has lost the fight to this animal. But he is going to rematch, which cannot but please me. McGregor's wife vs Nurmagomedov's wife. It is apparently which one is evil that must be defeated. 
McGregor is the worst fucking kind of punk. Runs his faggot mouth and can’t back it up l, fucking punk. 
Why is it every time something like this happens no one grabs the attacker by their neck and rips their lips off their face or shoves their nose into their brain? Why aren't people breaking these people's legs the fuck off? Why are people not defending themselves? Do you have any idea how much fun it would be to beat the Aids out of this faggot after seeing an attack like this and be justified in doing it? Please, Lord, let me see something like this happen while I'm minding my own business. Please. 
Obama That Fuckin Jumped Up Porch Monkey Jungle Bunny Spear Chucker Yard Ape Jumped Up Nigger Was Nothing But A Country Hater. Do Not Vote For His HOLDoVER Buddies. They Will Continue Their Leaders Agenda! 
As long as it's permanent and sends him to meet his faggot lover Satan. 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
5 bankruptcies out of 500 is a 99. 99 success rate ya fuctard moron. You're as stupid as a Cow cheering its butcher. 
You’re proof positive that trumpsters are retards- not just stupid, but full on mentally retarded sheep. Sheep are only good for sheering and slaughtering. 
Half wit half nigger 
He's a faggot 
Lightfighter 6 the gigantic faggot still creating bot accounts to lash out at the god-man who destroyed him. That is, me. 
Maxine Waters is such a dumb nigger she tells ppl she lives on the corner of Walk and Dont Walk. She took an Iq test and the results were negative 
That's why you're a fucking retard Kraut, in addition to being a soulless piece of shit. 
All they did was engage in typical nigger behavior. Niggers cannot and will not live by the White man's rules/expectations. 
Did they trot this old cunt out again? 
Faggot Vs Faggot Bomb Ff Blows Up In Shep The Cucks Face Fuse Lit By Chris Wallace 
10/ Semi-related, that's the same with 2nd Amendment absolutists. Like Jim Losi seriously and literally says that there should be no restrictions on guns, including for criminals and the mentally ill. He told me that directly. If that's your position and you think you're a "super patriot, " you're actually just a retard. 
Fuck off faggot nigger 
Nigger 
Come on cracker you gotta do better then that, is it supossed to hurt my feelings? Bahaha. Fake ass wanna be kkk bahahaha ill shove a swazy up ur ass and hang u by it so u can die like the foggot bitch u are 
Made u bow down twice in a week, hahaha ur brotherhood gotta be full of pussies if they let ur soft ass in hahaha 
Of course Obama loves this communist cunt because he's also a communist. 
They all look retarded And evil to me! 
So in other words you’re a faggot that can’t handle people expressing a different perspective. Every time I defend Christians some piece of shit like you makes me regret it. 
Oi! Yeah we're pretty fucked down here. It's either redneck mayo sandwiches or gangbanger latinos or negroid ghettos. So, honestly, it's like any other state just with palm trees. Oh and old people. 
Welcome to. U can call ppl nigger faggots without getting banned. If u want to of course. 
They should at least give him a toothbrush, make the cunt scrub away the retardation that he has scrawled all over the ancient monument. If he can't even bother doing that, I would not care if he mysteriously vanished and reappeared in the black market organ trade as "truly divided individual". 
Omfg stfu all you wanna do is moan and go on about white privilege lmao Get Over It, such an actual bore you are all racist idgaf stop hiding behind "oh we can't be racist" you're a joke it's literally all I see do Go back to swinging from the ropes, you ratty haired nigger scum 
The nigger a; ways complains and whines. The nigger is worthless. 
Nigger woman's the worst driver 
Uh. That kid is going to grow up NatSoc you dumb cunt! 
Trump = Jewish Trump = Zionist Trump = Israel First Americans = retarded 
As the Democratic Party has told us all: White women are to blame for this! White women voted him in! Punch all white women in the face! 
Cunt try it im sure some white women will kick your fucking head in. You pantifa cunt 
I thought that name was familiar. This twat is absolutely insane. And she's a professor at Georgetown. 
Never saw or read anything Harry Potter. Glad I didn't once I found out what a horrible twat Jk Rowling is. She never saw a dime from me. 
Stop licking vaginas. Filthy dyke 
Gab went retarded for a minute so here's some more space invaders 
The Uk should change to the Rk. Retarded Kingdom 
Snivelling quisling disgusting coward. Sling the cunt out and take his pension & his knighthood off him. 
Brazilians are finding out just how retarded American left-wing celebrities are: 
My wife has a degree in English and a Masters in secondary Education. Then married a half hillbilly half Texan was enlightening. 
Tim Cook the faggot will never allow a site where you can call him a faggot and not be banned into the faggot app store full of Aids. 
Ok does sand nigger make you feel better 
2 am and my nigger neighbors are chimping out. 
Shame Mark Levin is still a faggot turbo cuck (lawyer. 
A retarded bogtrotter called Paul Knew just slightly less than füçk all. And the thing with a traitor Is that sooner or later He’ll be standing up next to a wall. 
I'll Gladly Pull The Trigger On This Nigger. 
He didn't need the mask. 
Wont be suprised if it comes out he is a pedophile 
Typical conservative who wanted to prove how totally not racist he was in voting for Brexit because it means more non-white immigrants being let in instead of just white people from Europe Gets shouted at by a nigger & a moslem slut with a smelly rag on her head 
Tell that to the families and the girls who have been abused. We are feeling the racism right now. Seig heil. 
Wow, Harry's quadron nigger baby will have nigger nanny. Which said nigger nanny will help nigger gran Doria with lessons of how to bring up the niglet Because, Doria has dumped MegNog as a child to live in hippy commune. And because nigger monkey in law Doria is moving permanently to Uk to live on expense of Uk tax payer How vibrant is that! 
There's a surprise. What caught my eye ever since Meghan hit the news was how she patronises the blacks. She is Not black but a dusty mulatto. Being such she could equally divide her localty between black and white but not with her. Pre-wedding, wedding, post-wedding she has a bias towards blacks. If anything, she is actually the racist. 
Jim Carrey is a Canadian Faggot needs his pee head blown off 
There's absolutely no comparison. One if a beautiful luscious babe. The other is a nasty fuckin nigger 
He be nigger he be cotton pickin dumb 
A bitch who works for Gentleman’s Quarterly just used the term mansplaining publicly. She must be delivered unto Pence for therapy. 
Twat was that? I cunt hear you Please stop womantagonizing me 
Remove niggers from the test pool brings up the average score? I wonder what would happen if nigger murderers are removed from the crime stats? 
Ok where are all my #Trump2020 people at? Follow Me! Got tired of being zucced so I'm here. I'm sorry but i just have to do this out of Facebook suppression. Liberals Are Tranny Faggot Bitch Ass Nigga Dyke Pig Fucking Muslim Hooknose Wetbacks! Ahhhh felt so good. 
You left out the biggest ones. The jews. A)You must be one B) You're a redneck biblethumping jewlicker C) (Most common) You're too scared to criticize the jews because they squash your free speech rights and Will label you an anti-semite 
Ummm dude, reread my post again, do you know what 'Hook Nose' is in reference of? Trust me, I'm not talking about blacks 
Rachel just makes me laugh. She's like a retarded side-show Bob. Snort guffaw. That must hurt. Your entire life becoming a joke. Sad. 
Chris Cuomo is globo-homo 
Yeah and he's a dick sucking faggot also. 
"There's that Piece of Shit! " I'm really starting to appreciate South Florida, or at least the Cuban Community, more than I ever had. Since Trump came down the elevator and all of the discord around the country. I felt like South Florida would be a Never Trumper hotbed. But you know something. I was surprised when South Florida picked Trump in the Primaries, I was shocked when South Florida voted for Trump in the general election. Hillary only won these two counties by a smaller margin than she did in other Blue Cities. We don't get much "Hey Hey Ho Ho Nazi Facist got to go" Bullshit, unless George Soros buses them in. I have only been yelled at once by some White trash Piece of Shit cunt not even from South Florida for wearing my Trump shirt back in 2016 during the election. Even at my job I can talk loud and proud about Trump when someone tries to goad me with misinformation they got from Cnn. They don't even try anymore because my version of what really happened is always right, and that burns their ass the most. South Florida could be worse in that regard. Still don't care for all of the illegal overcomer that invade this place all the time. They suck and hate America but the Liberals have them entitled to think they deserve citizenship because Liberals need votes. 
Islam, basically the nigger of religions. 
Mean looking old cunt 
People write Trump I did many times & urged him to outlaw socialism in schools, & socialist colleges, in 50’s it was against law to practice socialism l here without being under Fbi investigation or arrest, through O’ Nigger years, corrupt Fbi, Doj, Cia turned Socialist itself if we don’t use drastic measures, say goodbye to R country, freedoms & u possess 
I might be dead, but I will Never take Anything at all offa Any Muzzie 
Why should she be, she made them. Look at the things. Only a retard whose highest mechanical aptitude is to fuckup a shirt button would have the temerity to call that shit a device. No selfrespecting third grader would call that a bomb except watching roadrunner reruns in an alzheimers home. 
Jew and a nigger 
Oh brother, protesters are at it in Washington wanting Judge Kavanaugh rejected. Even celebrities are getting involved. This is absolutely retarded of the protesters. Currently watching Fox News. 
Whole foods seem to have gone full retard 
Nazi, does that mean that you're an incel faggot then? Wake up! +1 (Neo) 
Like Onigger? 
This stupid cunt sure did disappear suddenly 
That may be the most retarded thing I have ever heard in my life. 
You dumb faggots can always dream I could be gay but it doesnt change the fact I Am As Far From Gay As Anyone Can Get And Hate You Sicko Mentally Ill Scumbags Hiv Ridden Losers For DAmN Good REAsON For Costing My Business Money And All U Cunts Lies And Libel. Fuck You Die Of Aids Already And Do The World A Favor Faggot! 
A faggot calling me "sad" and "sick" Lol Die Of Aids Already Homo! Do The World A Favor And Od On Meth Faggot! 
When confronted with arrogant imbeciles like you, anger is a normal & natural response. Too bad you're too fucking retarded to comprehend this simple reality. I'm guessing you're an idiot who thinks the normal & natural emotions of anger, rage, & hatred are "mental disorders. " 
Faggot 
His name is: Jordan Hunt. (aka. Jordan Cunt) He's a hairdresser in Toronto. 
I hear he wants to be just like Mlk, so hurry up & get the cunt Buried! 
Lol, "to some extent. " You're retarded to the full extentD 
U Stupid Cunt 
You can't make this retarded logic up. Like the body cameras that activists were screaming for, claiming it would help catch racist cops, then when the police agree and start wearing cameras it proved that the police were Not racist, and that minorities are just lying. What was the narrative then? Body cameras are racist and police need to stop wearing them. 
Women need to be send back to the kitchen and nursery 
Ahhh the street shitter is right! A retard can figure out the Israel and they’re dual minions in our government did 9-11! Do a little research! 
Women get breast reductions and abortions. They are as retarded as they are demonic. 
Babies are also rough on the body. Tough shit. 
Thot lies lmaoooo 
Machada. Gee, sounds like one of Pelosi's 'spark of divinity' wetback boys 
Ovomit hahahahahahha stupid half nigger total muzzie faggot 
Some stupid apefirmative action black power nigger is acceptable, but Matt Hale got reject by the bar based on political views. 
This worthless bitch. If she gets elected I may very well consider leaving the state. 
You already have a severe muzzie infestation in Dearbornistan and Flintistan. 
Jews sure love organizing among faggots & illegal invaders 
Well they r (rootless cospopolitians) so i get that they side with other outsiders looknig to score shit and as far as the faggot part goes they do seam like faggots to me so what did u expect 
Faggot 
Then stop asking him about his semen its gross and he already told u his testicles are about as useless as work boots on a nigger 
Doesn't this fucking nigger ever finish hiscigarette? 
Sober up faggot. Smfh. Typical pathetic loser in life who's jealous of the jews. Pathetic faggot 
But of course, Hillary's been spouting it for 2yrs now. The stupid cunt will never have one original. Idea. That is her manifest destiny! 
Crying like a nigger doesn't change anything. 
Now where ya gonna go? Why not tell everyone how much you hate my book that you haven't read again? Lol 
Thanks Jan. Glad you liked it. Not heavy going at all is it. Too many of those books around. Politics is very simple when you cut through all the shite put around by people with their own agenda. Usually the Left. 
Looks exactly as I'd imagined one would look, the review was obviously very personal and not a genuine critique of the book imho 
Most of them are about me not the book Jan. I can tell you which upset lefties wrote them as well. Joker, Laz, BegsAli, Moon, Old Wolf, ResistingHate Roanna and Kitty, Agent Orange, Scotty Blake, JewishCatLady etc. Coincidentally the same twats I was kicking on Twitter at the time lol 
You kicked them on Twitter? Moronic liar. You were suspended so many times you ended up here in the Nazi cesspit. Btw you got Kitty's Id monumentally wrong and your book is badly written rubbish. 
By the way. You only have 4 followers and have racked up an impressive minus 25 popularity score. How is that even possible? Lol 
I'm not here to gain followers. My purpose here is to monitor and rip the shit out of losers like you. Loads of stuff on here to pass on to those in authority. Why do you think Jennings is doing 16 months? 
Cunt alert. 
Mother’s Basement is a fucking retard. He’s even more retarded than me Jesus Fucking Christ man. 
Ugly woman must offer her cunt for refugees! Shitworks are for there. 
Has some lefty twat gone and messed this site up now? 
2 billion Christians in Europe? Lol Lol You silly ignoramus, there are 2, 1 billion christians worldwide, and majority of them are non Whites. But hey mestizos from Mexico and niggers from Africa are your brethren, we know. Your jew god told you so. 
Side with the jew attacking christians cunt 
No the ppl that are the cult leaders are not stupid they know exactly what they are doing, , , it's the fucking idiots that follow them that are retarded 
Ain't it great when the biggest slave owners who also owned and operated every slave ship, put the guilt trip on Yt and tell us we owe reparations? Typical heeb projection of guilt. Meanwhile we've been forced to suck nigger dick and give them endless handouts for more than a century. If anything we should be kicking the Jewish pets back to Apefreaka and enslaving the kikes. 
No more repeated conversations. Particularly from Fools. I bailed out of twatter and will never return to that shithole. Ever. I will never pimp your YouTube channels endlessly. Ever. You fuckheads are fired. Now stay out of my feeds you faggot libtards. 
He was mentally retarded from the beginning. 
You must have xray vision then. I sure can't see through that line of coloreds. 
I see a gaggle of murderers, rapists, thieves, perverts, pedophiles, pimps, pushers, drug addicts, drunks, violent low-life, low I. Q. , parasitic ‘gibsmedat’ dirty smelly black monkey-looking nigger beasts invading white countries with the help of lying, treacherous, nation-wrecking, degenerate jew filth. 
Whats punchy got to say, he bombed the box office on dozens of ocassions, now hes complaining. Go back to rutting with your nigger you jew faggot 
Israel. Subvert it from the inside, dominate its media, academics, and banking, fling the borders wide open to every nigger and hostile ideology, and remind them every 5 seconds of the Bolshevik Revolution. What better way to show our appreciation but to return the favor? Respect its laws by changing them and respect its people by replacing them. 
But they are so much fun to belittle. After all the pedophiles murders Fgm antifa it’s refreahing to make fun of them. Mother always said don’t be mean to the mentally retarded but they are so brainwashed it doesn’t matter. Its like Hillary and her squirrels in the woods. Like play animals to feed. They are so cute and harmless. 
Yeah didn't he adopt a nigger baby? 
Seen it, no child should have to live it. Thank a Gay President and a Dyke Aspirant to the position. Pure Globalist Fanatics. 
Faggot "free"masonry wannabe spy's 
Yeah just recently had a new Twat account. Nothing political it was strictly science topics & nothing else. It got suspended. What for? Not sure but suspect because I was using a tracking cookie blocker. 
C'mon you Islamic Cunt! 
Oh Bookie the Hookie, well yes he will lie his ass off, doing the jigaboo rapid fire nigger street talk to confuse the people, but on the committee he tries very hard to speak slower than show his true colors. 
Filled with rage? Pay your taxes. You untalented, out of work cunt 
That cunt should be publicly hung for treason, war crimes and murder 
Wir werden uns noch nach Typen wie Erdogan sehnen, wenn die nächste Million Nigger an Bord kommt! 
A dog is unconditional love. A Muzzie is unpredictable hate. 
So you are telling me that a dude was radical enough to make and ship out five fucking bombs. And even after surviving the delivery, they were fondled like a freshly shaven scrotum. And not a single fucking one detonated! Either the dude was a fucking tard who wasn’t radical enough to Google how to light gunpowder with a timer or this shit is fake as fuck. 
Fake as fuck. Any idiot Leftist is as retarded as you describe, but it's clearly fake from all angles anyway. 
Pickle lipped Melanie Marden is a cunt with a beak that could split the bumper of my F-250 
This faggot needs a life. 
There was never a more Treacherous leader than this Bitch, She is selling me and you out to the Eu, But if she thinks that we are going to sit here and doo nothing but let her then she is sourly mistaken? 
Theresa Dis-May is a friggin moron turning Englandstan into a muzzie shithole and weak on Brexit 
You twat 
Dirty monkey 
Fucking Half Nigger Obamafuck Off! 
I'll be They find some redneck rube to take the fall. 
>tfw Jews own the major record labels that spread this trash to young white kids >tfw Jews owned African slaves at a higher rate than whitey but whitey gets blamed for nigger problems 
Don't be a lazy nigger and make a meme. Oh the hilarity! 
I like the way a lazy nigger calls out a lazy nigger! Gtfo 
Faggot 
Quick or not it would still be catastrophic. I don't see a bunch of fee fee driven emotionally retarded soy drinking leftist standing much of a chance either, but dead folk on the news tend to be remembered for their causes and not their effectiveness. There would be an incredible divide that would not heal for hundreds of years if they got the war they are pushing, Something to consider. 
This faggot crybaby bitch thinks everyone spamming gab is someone he doesn't like. Quit crying, Soy. Its free speech, faggot, deal with it. 
Throat-punch this faggot whenever you can 
We know he is a scumbag. We do not know that he is a faggot, that is unless you have first hand knowledge from having slept with him 
I have. He’s a faggot. 
You mean you're a faggot ) 
Eww! Filthy cunt should clean her toes 
Nigger 
Ok where are all my people at. I'm sorry but i just have to do this out of Facebook suppression. Liberals Are Tranny Faggot Bitch Ass Nigga Dyke Pig Fucking Muslim Hooknose Wetbacks. Ahhhhhh That felt good! 
Waddup feg! ) 
Dude you can spell it the right way, no one will do shit. Whats uo fag 
I know faggot! Better? Lmao! 
And no problem, we all gotta stick together 
You’re both a couple of kikeniggerfaggots 
Shut up Goy! 
Nigger Puppet 
If you want to go fuck a mudshark than do it. I said I don’t like them, I didn’t tell you that you can’t fuck them. I don’t need to fuck them, I have a non mudshark wife. Stop putting words in my mouth. 
Yeah, I know, you’re a gross nigger lover. What’s new? 
I’m not the mudshark shafter, that was I’m against mudsharks, I spent all morning arguing with that guy for being a nigger lover. You have me confused. 
So this is what you want? So that you can go next & put your puny dick up the niggers arse? So you can become a mudshark like the white women 
Wtf are you talking about? Seriously, what the fuck is your problem? I fucking hate nigger lovers, dick breath. You’re the one posting interracial porn, not me. I spent all fucking morning arguing with a nigger lover and now here comes your stupid ass with this dumb shit. That weird garbage is your fantasy and your projecting it onto me like some kike 
You’re a fucking freak. I don’t even know what the fuck you’re talking about, you just came outta nowhere posting interracial porn and talking like a weird psycho. You can fuck off, faggot. 
It's just an Npc 
I don't give a fuck about sand niggers. Fix our fucking country first faggot 
Remember What This Cunt Did To Those That Accused Potus Billy Boy. 
Have to know who's doing the investigating first. Don't have much faith in most of the clowns been in charge up to today. Sure wouldn't want to actually see the cunt make the court. 
So only a certain type of woman is acceptable to the Problem Children aka Proud Boys. You guys sound like a bunch of socially and intellectually retarded idiots, imbeciles and morons Only a desperate little girl would find you attractive or interesting. 
At least Putin is a Christian, unlike Xi or Ji, that wormy little slant-eyeyd faggot 
Wickid knockas innit? Bbc is a shitholer paradise. 
Liberal trash at Bbc is livid with Princess Eugenie's wedding being traditional, European, Real Royal event. Stuff Bbc, one by one, and a pig they ride on. Eugenie was a gorgeous bride, unlike scary nigger disaster on May, 19th. Bbc thought they will damage E's wedding by not filming it, and have failed. 
I’d rather eat the ass end out of a dead, menstruating fucking skunk with rabies than ever see the face of this Cunt again. 
That Muslim Fraud Nigger Needs Indicted, Tried, Then Hung Or Shot By Firing Squad. 
Gee, I wonder who would do such a thing? 
Why the Hell have we got muslim police & army officers? Did we have Nazi officers in the War Cabinet of WW2, , , It's the same thing! 
West Point has a sand nigger on staff. 
Line all traitors & fifth columnists up against a wall 
It's my dream! 
Funny thing normal folk. There are NatSocs on here and real cultural Marxists like and But you never see them arguing with each other do you. Always with normal folk like you and me. I have a theory. NatSocs and Marxists both follow feeble socialist ideologies with fragile minds & egos. They worry that if they argue together they might start listening to the other and possibly even convert. But there's no chance they will convert to being normal like us. What do you reckon? ) 
Hello! A real cultural Marxist shows his face. Or rather he doesn't because he's scared of the naughty Nazis. Here you are NatSocs. One of those real cultural Marxists you hate. He must be a Jew, yes? Why are you scared to engage with him? Lol 
I see you are too much of a pussy to argue. 
No need to cry because i hand you your fat arse every tiime paedo. You need to man up and accept you are a loser. 
See! No point whatsoever. You're just a useless repetitive twat who thinks Venezuela is a great economic model because Corbyn told you so ) 
Do i paedo? You do project a lot. 
We all grow old waiting for this lying cunt to be prosecuted, I personally am sick of the waiting. 
I believe that jew hates white people. Are you so retarded you think that meme had anything to do with a persons right to procreate? 
Why? How? When? Or are you just a bitch made retard that has found Gab? 
The other Abrahamic(kikey)religions(Islam/Judaism) r war religions while christ-insanity is now a religion of faggot "turn the other cheek"(unless fighting for kikes against our interests)pacifists? That's obvious point sensible people garner from memes pointing out "Islam is Not a religion of peace". Proud of that? How has that been working out? 
Of course not. If Islam or Judaism was your religion you would not whine like a faggot about Islam not being a peaceful religion. However, they are all Abrahamic religions with the same kike spook in the sky god but christ-insanity has another god too. The bastard son (Hezus) from the rape of a jew woman by the spook kike in the sky. 
Is Cam still acting like a sissy? Haven't watched that kneelin' nigger shit in years 
Horrible! Such a sweet beautiful young girl. Not only physically painful, but also extremely humiliating to be handled by niggers; yuk! Those evil retarded nigger savages should be skinned alive. 
This is the fucking Muslim cunt douche basket, Iqra Khalid who escaped her Muslim infested shithole in Pakistan for the freedom of Canada where she joined the Liberal government and became Liberal Member of Parliament and she quickly repaid Canada by robbing them of freedom of expression and made criticism of Islam a crime in Canada. Fucking Cunt. 
Why does Canada have so many retarded faggots voting these dumbfucks into office? Fix your tardfag problem and this other problem never happens in the first place. 
A dyke and a kike plays the victim. Oy! 
She doesn't have a tenth of the experience of this bull dog dyke Marxist Commie Jew! 
One reason I'd like to go back to twitter is to refresh my memory about why you blocked me. Were you some NeverTrump faggot at some point? 
I hate to admit it but the deviant is one of the few that actually could pass for a female. When I first looked I was wondering if it was a dyke trying to be a dude or visa versa. Why the hideous tri colored hair? 
Wigger Nationalism! 
Space, niggers fear whites in space, because we may leave them and they will turn the whole earth into zimbabwe 
Cedric the entertainer said the nigger will follow us in a space ship that has 60 rims and a boom box 
Duh that's stupid, how does she have 2 adopted black nigger kids but only 1 special needs kid? Does the one nigger kid stand on the other nigger kids shoulders and they wear a trenchcoat like a cartoon? 
Chicago has another problem now. A serial killer Nigger is on the loose, killing an old white guy walking his dog and an Ortho Jew - Now that the Jews are all up in this thing, the Dindu will soon be caught. That was his dumb error, killing a kike. Nothing to see here, really - But the comments are /great/ 
Oh look, another retard to mute. 
Faggot 
In case you haven’t noticed, as the media and social media companies keep silencing and censoring everyone, the violence keeps escalating. Why? Because everyone is being shoved into their own tribal echo-chamber by retarded liberal assclowns like you that want to censor free speech. 
Hahahahaha, what a bunch of retarded crap. Yeah, sorry, I did use the R word 
Leaving white children alone with a nigger is more dangerous than leaving them along with a crocodile. 
Nice boomer meme faggot 
Most pro-Israelis are the "Fuck ye Team Murica World Police! " Stand up for our 'JuDeO CHriStiAN' values types. Most anti-Israelis are the "Fuck teh Western Imperialism! " Karl Marx was right check out my 12$ Che t shirt I bought from Amazon types. Both of them are fucking idiots that refuse to leave me out of their tribal retard splurges. 
Islamocat? Redneckcat? Mountainmancat? 
Redneck definitely! 
Just tell em you're a little faggot and you like dicks 
Well aint u a silly nigger faggot today! 
Ive been complaining about Child Sex Trafficking there since Obama became president. He came here by plane with his handler Mr Bean and went to Portland by night in SUVs With Mayor Murray the Faggot Child Molester who provided Meth To Teen Boys For Sex, one kid & his mom who spoke out are Missing Still since the day before BeanS Trial in Portland 
When I first saw this story, my initial thought was "who cares what this retard thinks about anything? " 
Stalker fag is over here too. He's already made 2 profiles trying to troll me. Hopefully he kills himself when G+ shuts down. 
Well he misses us you know lol and he can report all he wants because the owner of Gab won'e listen to the basement faggot. Ha ha ha 
It's all white. Yet he goes out of his way to spot one nigger or spic. Lol. Basically fuck whitey. 
Proving once again that they have the most retarded crew of journalists in the business. 
He's still gay af. Read pink swastika. You'll never look at that faggy lil mustache the same again. Hitler was funny and fashionable. But a tool for Zionism and a false prophet for Europe. He fucked us and gave the Jews everything they ever wanted. They're still not satisfied. 
Exactly. The inversion of reality! It's the same are brainwashed retarded lefties are told they are smart and have the moral ground while advocating the murder of unborn children. Democrats are morally degenerate Racist Sexist human sewage yet they believe the opposite. The complete Orwellian inversion and everything is that way! Their minds say do not critisize the Jew and the Jew needs to be exposed as the parasitical cancer they are! Expel all Jewishness from the World! 
Those woods belong to the government. It is called a park. Plus, you learned to suck nigger dick while doing time for stealing spare tires off trucks 
Too late, there is already a nazi group full of faggot ass nazis here already. 
They are the faggots but you like to look for faggot tranny porn to post. 
What I am saying is if the only people Trump is going to nominated is going to be like Kavanaugh, then we don't have a dog in this fight, right? What is the point of movement support for a neoconservative? I was happy to support Kavanaugh against false accusations, but I definitely don't like his judicial record, and his record should exclude him from consideration in a normal country. If the government goes to the Supreme Court for an endorsement of torturing "racists" or seeking to designate racists as "terorists", how do you think Kavanaugh will rule based on his previous record? Rhetorical question because I think we both know the answer. This is how desperate "the movement" is for any victory. Even horrible neoconservatives being deployed by the establishment to Scotus is considered a victory. Its very sad indeed. 
Agreed. Some of them would appear to be happy with the 80s or 90s ("All I want is less blacks and Mexicans, and to be able to say faggot in public again. ") Agree that the big picture thinking is a large part of the reason he was targeted by the Jew crew. Imo other component is that he speaks truth about the idea of using Gop as political vehicle- it is as Jewish as Splc. 
Doesn't surprise me. It's sad how much damage Jews and regular GOPe faggots have been allowed to do. Mpc acceptance is my red line. The fact that the racist Photoshop Phriday posters are reaching middle age and some have married (Se Asian mail order brides) does not make them wise or worthy of respect. Bodybuilding. Com has better political insights. 
Mpc is a fucking joke anyway. There's a hilarious article on Encyclopedia Dramatica that tears them to shreds. No one outside of the AltRight takes them seriously. And so many of the dumb trends within the 2018 AltRight can be traced back to Mpc, including the obsession with rape, chad larping, Gop cheerleading, hatred of goons and "Lol shitlib tears! ". 
Looky looky out for some nooky, man style! Wtf, is Cnn faggot central? Don & Anderson giving each other Bj' under the desk! 
Great caption. So I'm gonna make like a nigger and steal it. 
As opposed to the rich, mature "gay nigger rape" rants spewing forth from your gaping white trash maw? 
Mkultra programming was set up to develop a schizophrenic society. Double think is holding two contradictory positions simultaneously, and believing them both to be true. Society is retarded because that’s what the social engineers wanted it to be. A decades long program mind you. 
As AsHKENAZI Jews are forced to mate with the multiplicity of sand nigger jews, the Mean Iq will move from 120 to 75 very fast. We do that with congo negros and white girls every day 
Peter is a cunt trying to stir shit! 
Ban the Jews also! We would not have Muslim problem if we didn't have a filthy Jew problem! The fakes Racist Lying Jews are sewage! Tommy Robinson can burn in hell! 
I 100% agree with you! But as long as the Jewish Sewage of Hollywood and Jewish Supremacists of the media keep lumping honest white males all together like myself in their bashing thru mind control, It needs and is starting to go the other way as you can see and it is picking up momentum. They know they are doing the Orwellian inversion. I am done with it and until Jews like yourself have the guts to speak out about these bastards, it is imperative that the same tactics are used to push back. The damage these bastards have done to divide and conquer is despicable and I lash out at all the retarded Democrats also, as I am done with their shit too! This includes much of my brainwashed family. I do understand the vast majority or any Khazarian or askeNazi Jew who are the true Nazi's are the problem. They are satanists and barbarians, not Jews and not Semitic! They are Liars. As long as they use their tactics, my tactics will keep growing. It is time that Jews like yourself speak out more, or you are in trouble also. They certainly don't give a shit about you either, as it is the few who control, not the many. But they call themselves Jews and it is difficult to explain true reality to all people. They want a soundbite. 
Ovomit is a half nigger piece of muzzie shit. 
A nigger aint nothing but a nigger 
Get a load of this fucking faggot: 
What a faggot 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
So, you’re really this stupid? Lmfao! I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles! And I Mean that, congratulations. Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents 
Yes, I get it! Your mother and sister and daughter are the same. I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad. Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother. Dumbass 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
The holocaust of 17 millions Germans in WW2, the 66 million white Christians in Russia, the 3 million white Christian Armenians, and the 100 million Chinese all perpetuated by the vile despicable Racist Lying Murderous Theiving askeNAZI Jew Pigs! These are true events or are you a Holocaust denier? 
So if your mind water curves? All common knowledge is a Lie! To believe the earth is round is no different than believing the holohoax! All common knowledge is Lie! 
Just listen to these 3rd-grade educated QAnon believers. Smdh! 
Petty insults with no Facts! Are you a filthy Jew Pig? 
Duh, you just did dipshit! But that would be a Fact and you do not understand what an actual Fact is! That is because you are brainwashed retarded monkey brain! 
Hill folk act all the time. People just call us crazy. The day of rope is coming. I just fear for those who have done no wrong being snagged in the same net as the aggressors. 
Yes the police had an undercover officer in them but the Twat shagged one of them put a bun in her oven & it ended in a scandal with the cops paying them 10's of thousands. 
Muslim Evil Criminal Monkey Nigger 
Nothing more dangerous than a nigger with a bowling ball in his hands! Lol 
There clearly is a difference between a Negro and a full blown Nigger. One is on the way to intelligence and emancipation/freedom and the latter is beyond retarded Uncle Tom trash. 
Don't believe Jehovah's Witnesses, either. I asked them what Jehovah did and why that nigger left so many witnesses alive coz sheeit. Ya don' leave no witnesses alive, dawg. 
No wonder I never liked these anti-Trump faggot Nazis who post here at Gabroll: 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Dumb nigger 
Everyone hates the little shit, that's why. I live in Leeds, we don't want the little faggot fraud round here. 
Gab is infested with sociopathic Christian scammer spammers running affinity scams, living proof of my meme malware hypothesis - that Christianity, by disabling normal defensive instincts - makes its sheep easy meat for the grift. So fuck Christ right up the ass. 
Awe, Judge Faggot needs some attention. Poor little bitch 
" hostility or prejudice based on a personal characteristic ". That's big nose / baldy cunt / ginger fucker - all gone. It's just about ending British'ness. Slagging each other - is what we do. It's what we're best at. 
Ahahahaha Faggot 
You have a mental condition. Your body *is* your own - quit forcing it on my attention. Trans women have a mental condition. Trans men have a mental condition. Whatever biological essentialism might be, it is not violence. Violence is violence, you feelz-ridden faggot. Your are alienating any allies you might have had. 
You are a loser. Loser. Keep being a Bitch or Win. Simple Choice really. You are a Cunt who uses words you will be ass fucked in Prison because you are Bitch. 
The retards cannot debate and only character assassinate! Jew are human sewage and that is easy to see even for a blind man! Only the ignorant who do not look at Facts don't see this! 
Mindless attacks are standard fare for the retards who are intellectually incapable of debating! You must be a Retarded Jew! Jews are obvious filthy Scum! Total inferior sub human beasts! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
He won't a faggot judge will block and he will cave. Only an executive order will work. 
Your a fukin retard 
U figure shit out yet u tard 
Fuckin white cherokee sanz them i must be a fuckin nigger 
Epic & Thoughtful James Wood Twat 
Hey cunt you want to follow me and you put me on pending list godfuck yourself 
It’s ppl like u who made my have to make it private. I didn’t put you on anything. I just fucking joined and don’t know exactly how everything works so fuck you. Piece of shit to speak to a woman like that for no reason! 
Shia lebouf Thanks god for beef bullet to da twat sanz 
Italy Muslims will not respect your children and your 6 yr old daughters are in grave danger as gangs of Muslims want to follow Mohammad and rape a 6yr old Get Muslims out now 
Notice the complacent retarded looking morons and jewish mind fucked feminists are the ones saying "it's okay that migrants fuck the economy of Italy. " Jewish media has really done allot of damage to these morons who don't even realize the retardation they speak is actually against their own self interest as well as that of the entire nation and people. 
And Jews never learn 
The sooner everyone realizes that her name is Imam May, it will all start making sense. Stay in the Eu. Don't stay in the Eu. Doesn't matter now. You're gone, Uk. Gone. Go spread your momma's legs. Here comes your Muzzie Love. Idiots. 
Daffy's redneck cousin 
Stupid cunt 
They'll say that either A) It's a cover. Or B) it's proves he feels guilty. When in reality it's more likely C) Sarah Sanders is an unrelenting beast in the face of the liberal media. Why not prop up more strong conservative women that prove that it's not "all women" that feel this way. Only retarded ones. 
Another retarded use of taxpayer dollars by the. 
Trump Administration Acknowledges Climate Change - Predicts Large Rise In Global Temperatures 
So now the Trump fans are starting to believe in Climate Change. Some of us are way ahead of you there nigger. 
Well nigger/Nazi, climate change is not an issue of believe. Climate change has been happening all of the time and it is Not man-made! Wake The Fuck Up! +1 (Neo) 
Way ahead of you there again nigger. But you needed Trump to guide you to this "revelation". 
Nigger/loser/Nazi, you are only ahead of Me in your wet dreams and fertile imagination. ) Lol! +1 (Neo) 
I'm 10 steps ahead of whatever you're going to post because I don't need a Jew to think for me. 
Well nigger/Nazi/loser, I Am at least 100000 steps ahead of you by definition. ) Either case nigger, what jew is that now? +1 (Neo) 
Have you forgotten already? Your Israeli governors of course and look who's currently serving Israel's post: Trump, your chum, your prophet. 
Nigger/loser/fascist/Nazi, you are now stuck in a vicious cycle. But then again you always were. Trump is a nationalist. America First. Wake The Fuck Up! +1 (Neo) 
Thanks for the laugh. Trump: "I'm a Nationalist and a Globalist. I'm both. " 
Well loser, he is covering all of his basis but his actions show Us the truth. America first. More jobs to America. Growing UsA economy again, etc, etccool: +1 (Neo) 
Where's the interest in white safety and employment? You know, the people that keep the conservative party afloat? 
So snowflake, you don't feel safe and you're unemployed? 
Why is your golden retard and his flunkies concerned about the interests of minorities when whites are his primary voters and support? I'm quite well off myself I'm just wondering why they don't care about whites and why you don't seem to care either. 
Well snowflake, it seems to Me that "retards" like you are really not supporting him so he needs to expand his base with many, many others! Wake UProll: Also, who told you that I don't seem to care about Whites either! You don't seem to have any self esteem. Sad. 
Oh. You're a parody account. How boring. 
Freak, what parody account? 
Name the Jew faggot we all know you know it's them 
That's it isn't it? Shine your white brothers and sisters on for a negro lap dog. So who's a bigger nigger lover? Obama or trump? 
It's Robert Francis O'Rourke. Only wetback illegals call that white boy Beto 
If God/Jesus can forgive your sins while you are alive, why not when you're dead too? 
Fuck your kike lies. If the bible was real and god existed, we would all know about it yet, we don't because that kike cocksucker is imaginary, just like the easter bunny and santa! 
Just checked pagans are still flat nigger broke with no temples. (Aww) This is the part where you learn what the Khazar tribe is and that the Ottoman Empire couldn't conquer them. Pagans were too busy growing grain 4 months a year & with tantric masturbation to conquer anything. We encourage you to take up reading so you can have a couple bucks. Thanks, pup. 
Awww, I know, it's sad tha we atheists just haven't figured out how to fuck little boys in the ass and rape little girls like your fucking priests. We haven't learned how to flat out Lie and beg for that 10% tithes yet so we can build massive temples to hide pedophiles and make everyone a fucking lemming. Maybe one day we'll reach that stage of degeneracy but I doubt it. Tantric masturbation. You Do realize that the European Pagans were never introduced to tantra as it was Still in fucking Asia, right? You illiterate fucking asswipe! 
Sure it does, queer. 
It does pup, you just had to actually read the whole thing! I know fucking crazy. No one said you had to believe anything but we will not let you fuck off written word because you're lazy. Jack and Jill did not go up the hill to farm peanuts. We'll tell you broke motherfuckers what it says if you can't read. Have some ethics or we will roll you. Again. Thanks, pup 
We encourage you to read so you can have a couple bucks. When you can write better you'll develop style, Knock on wood, you little pagan you. Thanks, pup. 
I'm an atheist, you dumbass. Pagans did Not practice tantra as it was on another continent, you illiterate cunt! 
You're in a penniless pagan group talking shit. Pagans co mingled with Hindus. Deal with it. It's simply an adgective like "Talmudic" has become meaning voluminous. You can't kick knowledge to me dude, lmao. 
I don't vouch for the church at all. They F'd up in 1916 with that Balfour Declaration and subsequent "treaties. " What I won't stand for is a flat broke pagan ideology that can't read who allies with Jews. It's a book, there are words, read it. 
Ok. I'm starting to grok what you're writing but as far as any following of the bible and xtianity are concerned, I abhor it. Fuck the kikes. Fuck xtianity and fuck All man-made religions! 
Why suuuure! Tell me, was it your father or your mother who was the ostrich parent for you? 
You know pagans and Hindus co-worshipped right? I was just f'n with you guys. Everyone needs to be on the Ford version of Mein Kampf. Volume 2, Ch1. All laid out. I wrote a post to truth will out about an hour ago. 
Why? After your bullshit condescending attitudes and posts Why the Fuck would I give a Fuck what you write or say? How about you go take a big fucking drink out of that glass filled with a double dose of Eatmyshit? Fucking tosser! 
I'm German, son, and we won't have little kids who can't read or too lazy to read Niggering off 2 generations of our people, it's simple as that. I don't fuck around, I'd leave you in traction, 2 minutes or less. This isn't Pagan playhouse, boy. 
Teach young niggas they history all blacks is from royalty ancient nuwaupian kings and queens we was exploring the stars in pyramid spaceships when they white devils was still living in caves do Not listen to the white devil lies #BlackPower 
This never gets old & this could turn into a pretty good nigger hate thread, bix nood muhfugga 
Is that a trailer trash wigger girl, or a jewess? I can't quite tell. 
This fucking cowardly retard thinks these words hurt me. Think again, snowflake. They are water off a duck's back. Thank you for proving my point that Jew-haters are just dumb as fuck. 
9/11 converage and after that was all media bullshit. When trump was elected that’s when it went all retard because of the complete take over of the media by the Chinese and the Jews 
You're such a pathetic white-trash loser 
Shut up, faggot 
Another leftist denigrating gays they profess to care so much about. 
I told you to keep your faggot mouth shut! You need to learn some Respect! 
. Yes he does and you're just as much of a Pos liar for supporting him. You actually believe his "facts"? Based on what? Something a faggot Uk soccer player (Dennis Wise) put together while he was jerking off to gay porn? Get a life dude. Wake the fuck up! 
Stephanie queen is a libturd faggot 
Faggot 
Well first of all the first image clearly shows the National Socialist Sa beating Antifa up in the streets, which is why were National Socialists, its the anti to antifa. Second, yes, they do get beat up, pretty much by neo-national socialists and the odd faggot in proud boys. 
This does not surprise me. I stopped watching marxist faggot Tv about two years ago 
Mø'slums will slit your faggot throat, Kurgwad. 
Only in Uk could a retard like Khan become mayor. Back in pakiland he'd have been the son of a rickshaw driver. 
All Jews and Democrats employ extreme Hate speech but becuase they are so brainwashed retarded they don't even realize what they are doing! Thx Jews! 
What a faggot skank 
Stupid Gnus people are dumb beyond compare! Fuck the Cunt News Network! 
Comedians. Too retarded to be able to hold a real job. They rely on other retards to believe they are funny. 
That's snl's problem, they aren't comedians, haven't been for a long time, they stopped hiring comedians and started hiring drama-club retards who think making a face harder or yelling louder is the same thing as humor. And being the sort of rejects that go to school for that stuff they were especially susceptible to the college indoctrination 
How about the one making involuntary servitude unconstitutional? Even if a nigger or sodomite demands you serve him. 
Who knows if it is a controlled opposition since infowars never names the filthy Jew! At least it is a good example of how Retarded Racist Sexist Democrat Npc's are. 
Why do cunt fucking slut whores keep following me 
This Lolicon guy's autism is insufferable, even in 3 or 4 back and forth replies i'm just like Figure Out I'M Trying To Be Polite And Diplomatic And SToP BeING A Faggot 
A new Ebil Natzees propaganda schlock movie, populated by nigger soldiers in the Us Army, and brought to you by the kike J. J. Abrams. Someone please destroy Hollywood. 
Is this factually correct? Or are you being a twat? 
As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you! 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
Suck my dick faggot kike wannabe 
A globalist Google faggot uses the word "treasonous" to describe pro-America, Constitution-loving people. Treason is something lefties do. Treason is Google, FaceFuck, And Twatter. 
Is it mandatory to be a faggot in order to become an Anglican priest? And double-plus mandatory for Archbishop of Canterbury? 
And this is why 40% of Millennial men still live with their parents, Parents you have failed, and your trying to unleash these retarded manchildren on the world, it won't work either. 
Liberals always look like they are. A bunch of sick retarded faggots. Smfh 
Fenian cunt 
But that fucking cunt is totally innocent. Right? 
I've been vehemently opposed to mass immigration of unskilled uneducated 3rd world peasants since before you were born Rex 
We need these guys to find all there old friends on facebook. Show up to there houses. Slap them around and throw that retarded Tv out of the window. 
Being a fucking faggot hurts poor allahs heart you filthy queer. 
In America, we call that nigger in a wood pile. 
What a Mental retarded thug, , wth, does she think this is water jet art on driftwood? 
What the hell are they paying good money to see this leftist dyke anyway? 
So you are a Jew "Zionist" and your Sop is the rape of males "Bluehand". Got it. Jew Sodomite 
I understand. You let the nazi trannies do your dirty work ) 
>be >expose my dick to children >cops come >am get arrested But Officers! That Little Faggot Was Looking At It! 
I think the technical term is asexual but faggot works as a general catch-all for any dude who wants nothing to do with pussy. 
All these retarded excuses. "mute him" "its not Torbas fault" Bullshit. Mute function is weak sauce against murderous thugs and Torba and his crew had no problem finding the time to mark peoples accounts Nsfw for posting naughty images. They never wanted to regulate the nazis. 
- Even if gab installs a "Not Safe for Faggot Jews and Niggers" tag- it'd be corrupted in 48 hours and start malfunctioning. 
That's why they are called niggers. 
Any parent that allows their child to get involved with a Nigger should be charged with child abuse 
And nigger loving Sjw virtue signaler. No way barrett. 
Hey so how about we fucking remove the spam filters off of notifications and dms so when someone fucking sends me something I don't look like a massive cunt for "ignoring" it. 
So you broke the rules by being a little faggot and now you're mad that people are snitching on you? 
Spoken like a true retarded liberal when we win please do not cry 
You faggot little sissy 
Fuckin cunt 
Trumpster are mentally unbalanced retarded sheep. 
A nigger baby costume would be easy. Just fill a litter box, add some niglet nuggets, put it on a cart to wheel it around the neighbourhood. "Trick or Spook! " 
I don't find many Retarded Racist askeNazi Jews on here. They are too Retarded and obviously all Hateful Racist askeNazi Jews are despicable Scum! The Nazi Jews are not wanna be scum, they are all human sewage! The extreme Hate coming from the Extremely Hateful Racist askeNazi Jew excrement! 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
I am a White Man, you are a sand nigger animal, go fuck yourself heb 
Because Kanye is a free man and you are a Cia faggot slave looking to have his ass kicked. 
Glow-in-the-dark Cia niggers 
Prostitute. May God cast you into Hell. 
Some nigger named Louis Farrakhan called jews, termites 
Niggah please. A dog knows when it has done something wrong. Blacks will never take responsibility. 
Yes. More loyal a dog will protect you, a nigger will kill you Africans eat dogs 
"In 1949, following a breakdown in the relationship between the brothers, Adolf created Adidas, and Rudolf established Puma, which became Adidas' business rival" Pumas are nigger shoes and went after Kaepernick before Nike tried. 
The whole problem with this stuff is you guys have your fucking cellphones out and record people. Put your celllphone away, kick the faggot off his bike, take your sign back. Let him call the police. 
Here is another idiot liberal. Arizona Democrat Kyrsten Sinema Attacked ‘Bullshit’ Stay-At-Home Moms For ‘Leeching Off Their Husbands' 
Sounds like something a hard core bull dyke would say. 
Faggot 
Quit calling them liberals! They are all Hateful Racist Bigots who have No Intelligence! All Jews and Democrats are Retarded! 
Goes with the Retarded territory! 
Asians dont rape girls Moslems do. Fuck the whole call a sand nigger a Jap thing. Just sayin 
Can't someone send this cunt to Italy to be with his ancestors. 
Hitler was merely trying to kill all the ashkenazi jews, these and most of the jews all of them even the other speces of jews are also prone to disease and fetal retarded children 
I hope some fucking cunt enjoys her fucking $15/hr while people worry about paying their heating bill in winter. Fucking traitorous cunts. They eat, we starve, they gloat @ our suffering. They revel in our poverty. 
Women & cuck boy run government They Can"T make it work with Franchise fees They can't make it work with Gst & Pst They can't make it work with 42% of your income Now They Can'T Make It Work WItH their bullshit carbon tax 
An now they want to take all the guns an make you their slave so their morbidly obese asses & their snickering cuck boys who just want you dead can make big bucks at their gov jobs 
"My Fellow American Patriots The Uk was disarmed by their government. Now they get jailed for speaking. Yes, it's real. " 
Yep, you're a retard who won't accept the facts that are staring you in the face. 
Your problem is that you think stupid people will control the world with numbers. You hate 'white people' because you perceive them as being smarter & more competent than you. The world will always be run by people who are smarter than you. Pretending that they will somehow be on your side proves how dumb you are. 
Your problem is you've been wrong about everything from the beginning. First Wikipedia was bullshit, then the Us census was wrong, something to do with Nazis lol. Now it has nothing to do with numbers, and I'm jealous of whites! Well I'm Scottish, as white as they come and you're still a retard. 
So you don't 'identify' as white? You keep referring to white Americans as if they're somehow different from you. No way to be more head-up-ass wrong than that. You think you get to pick sides. That's not how life works. 
Of course I identity as a white man. I'm proud of my race. I have no clue where you got that idea but it then your other comments have also been moronic. 
So you're illiterate too. You obviously didn't comprehend anything you said in your prior posts. I have no interest in debating politics with anyone who lives in a police state. Come back when Britain is a free state again. 
I have a funny story from when by brother tried helping a nigger put together some furniture from Ikea, said nigger had bought it and needed help. My brother went so far as to show how to put it together, even then the dumb nigger was unable to put the shelf together. The funny bit is that the nigger wasn't even that dumb by nigger standards, still very retarded. 
Ive tried a few times to talk to said nigger, he barely has the intelligence to even hold a conversation. Luckily I don't have to deal with him anymore, I find it mind boggling that he can even manage to function with his general lack of working brain substance. The worst part is that these are the things Swedes are getting replaced by. 
Come and try. I dare 'ya, pussies. 
Sry to inform you limp-wristed phaygetts, but we have the guns, and we know how to use them. (this isn't a threat, it is a promise) 
You've not provided any logic, just calling people nigger and stupid. You get btfo'd then come back like you actually won the argument. Reminds me of Uncle Adolf 's description of Jewish behavior. 
"We’re not complaining, we’re revolting! " the students, workers and retirees chanted as they marched in the first demonstration since the end of the summer holiday, referring to President Macron’s recent suggestion that the French complain too much. Le president faggot is doomed: D 
Flat Earthers full retard mode episode 4 Redux via 
Dead Nigger, two words. 
Dead Nigger 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
10/ Semi-related, that's the same with 2nd Amendment absolutists. Like Jim Losi seriously and literally says that there should be no restrictions on guns, including for criminals and the mentally ill. He told me that directly. If that's your position and you think you're a "super patriot, " you're actually just a retard. 
Fuck off nigger 
If the hurricane hits the wetback caravan expect to see video of Anderson Cooper neck deep in beaner babies. 
I am pretty sure Anderson Cooper would have the beaner babies face down 
He was a guest on Opie and Anthony(maybe it was Joe Rogans podcast can’t remember) once and he virtue signaled hard about how he thinks it should be legal to kill nazis and he’s a literal faggot lol 
Lmao! Liberal professor claims electing dems will stop hurricanes because Republicans cause them. Lmao Who would let someone like that teach anyone? I wouldnt trust an idiot like that to teach retards their abc's. 
Lol same retarded thing that bitch Milano said about trump using some form of mind control on a news network, , , even the host was like, , , sheeeeet wtf 
Retarded liberal logic and retarded liberal definitions of racism is what got her fired. 
Hahahaha! Ok so you are one of the Russia did it people? First of all they link to stories or videos by other parties like Drudge always did so they aren't manufacturing anything. Proof of wrongdoing = evidence not suggestion. 
Hahahahaha! I had to stop where he says Bernie Sanders supporters are the smartest people he'd ever seen. Please. Did Hillary or Soros pay for this slop? 
And the Soros propaganda. Do you know where that propaganda started and why he is hated Outside of the Usa and by whom? Lord. Some Americans are such suckers. 
He is hated by Hungary for trying to overthrow their gov with lawless migrants from other failed countries like he is trying to do elsewhere in Europe and here in Latin America. Can't get what leftists want unless they overpower the conservative Christian vote. 
Another faggot lib twatter troll 
Hot subject for a Cold cunt! 
I could tell when I saw this cringe worthy name that your counterargument would be that of a retarded faggot. Thanks for not disappointing me! 
Is that like half a fag? Or full favor, half wit? 
It's 100% boomer faggot. 
Yes, it helps to be an actual cunt when spotting the mediocre ones like yourself 
Nigger privilege means never having to take responsibility for the pathological failings of your own kind whilst holding ypipo responsible & demanding reparation. 
Remember Kids. The Name the Jew Bullshit. Is a counter intelligence program. This is why is Only serves the system. Try breathing through your nose. 
You are a loser. Loser. Keep being a Bitch or Win. Simple Choice really. You are a Cunt who uses words you will be ass fucked in Prison because you are Bitch. 
The retards cannot debate and only character assassinate! Jew are human sewage and that is easy to see even for a blind man! Only the ignorant who do not look at Facts don't see this! 
Too bad you can't make a coherent statement! Are you really a retarded Jew? As we Know, most Jews are blithering idiots! 
Apparently the Cunts at Twitter don’t think that Sad Dick Khunt is an arrogant, ignorant Twat 
I'd not against parody songs or inspirational songs or whatever. I don't think editing jungle nigger music is the way forward though. 
Your jew words dont affect me faggot 
If the hurricane hits the wetback caravan expect to see video of Anderson Cooper neck deep in dead beaner babies. 
I shall not send threats to Shonterikka (what a nigger name, btw. Oh, I'm not racist. I shall instead send my sincere wishes and hopes for her to find she has late-stage pulmonary cancer that also metastasized in her ovaries with a two week life expectancy. 
Filthy Dyke Hillary Clinton Criticizes Kavanaugh’s Swearing-In Ceremony 
The dream state of a liberal quickly becomes a nightmare when they awaken to a big buck Nigger climbing through the bedroom window, or when some Muslims crash a plane into the place their loved ones work, or a Muslim plows a car into a crowd of pedestrians or their White daughter becomes a victim of Muslim grooming gangs and cops + media defend the rapist gangs! 
Yeah, fuck me for pointing out facts and shit, right? What a faggot you are. 
My Current "Representative" is Kyrsten "Arizona is the Meth Lab of Democracy" Sinema. I know where that cunt stands. That's why she, and the shitstain ex-Mayor of Phoenix Greg Stanton who is running for her seat, didn't get my Vote. 
Believing "people" who need a licence to own 1 simple butter-knife on anything is retarded 
Once the nigger population in any given community exceeds 5% there's going to be trouble - Lots of trouble. 
It was for targeted harrassment: either me reposting this pic of eddie or my replies in that cunt lara ingraham's cunt tweet. Looks like alot went down fast 
Thats Retarded What wars have Trump Started? None He cleaned up Nwo Wars Only 
I can’t stand this bull dyke 
I love a photo of the two women shooting dead che Guevara on shirt not evil cunt shoot normal people thinking it he hard cunt when he fuck ing chicken cock 
Some shitskin retard tried explaining to me how Ursula was the good person, and the prince who kisses Ariel when she's under a curse was raping her without consent. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Ah the 'B' team makes an appearance. So many ppl? What your sad little crew? What am I lacking? Well it's certainly not some old pasty cunt poking her nose into my business now is it. Pull your mask down tramp you make my eyes bleed. 
Kike faggot 
The woman on the right, the pink pussy hat her idea. She's a Jew. Now I think perhaps they secretly represent horns. 
Cunt hats. How else to say, I don't have to make sense. 
Hillary promises more violence. Random nigger delivers more violence. 
More Retards at it again! What are you libs so dam afraid of? Cause it isn't abortion rights. Ha ha ha 
Is real. Suing to get the real reports? Don't ya think it may burn Ford to the bone? Read the meltdowns in this twtter feed about the Alert. They're still going on about it and it was Obama who got this into motion originally. Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: If you would like your name added (or removed) to these posts, please let me know below 
Unconstitutional? Liars! Prez chooses, senate advise ie hey prez this guys a dick or he is ok, then consent ie take the vote. Has this prick read the process laid out by the constitution? Yes and he chose to be a Screaming Retard Hint they were sooo close to ending the republic forever, this guy Trump has screwed their evil plan completely 
So by your retarded logic people who like Metal/Goth music worship the devil and people who play Call of Duty or Gta are all homicidal maniacs wanting to shoot up the joint. How many times were you dropped on your head as a baby? 
R u one of the retarded twats causing shit for GABs owner? 
The writings of retarded liberals who hate their own country. 
Well, except act too soon and force things to heat up before we're ready. He totally Leroy Jenkins'd it; he's like the old guy on the wall at Helm's Deep who shoots off an arrow before told and triggers the first nigger I mean orc! Assault. We Might be safe enough to weather this and still build a real counter assault we can sally out with. Maybe. 
Aww. Looky here! We have a fairy gay faggot that downvoted this. Gunny has a special message for your triggered soul, libtard. 
I'm glad I don't research these truths. Raises my blood pressure. Corrup piece of monkey excrement. Traitor crooked "a ss kill". How would Djt label her? What name would he give her? 
Cunt 
Full Racist Mode: Cnn calls Kanye West a House Negro Don Lemon’s panel of Cnn commentators insulted Kanye West ahead of his Thursday meeting with President Donald Trump. Read More Here: 
House "Negro" That sounds alot like Nigger. I thought even Black was an affront to our African Decendents 
Men created a world so safe and secure that even the crippled, the in-firmed and the retarded can continue to survive. 
Dude, shut your retarded internet cowboy ass the fuck up. You posted wrongly. Shut the fuck up and don't do it again. A chick in a hijab finger-synching heavy metal is not "news. " 
Expert reveals the "rights" of women under Islam / "Islamic women’s rights include: The right for her testimony to be half that of a man. The right to be beaten by her husband Fgm Kafir women have the right to be sex slaves The right to be in a harem" 
Well nobody needs a fucking expert to tell them the truth. If you do you are a lazy fucking idiot. You can very cheaply buy an english translation of the Koran and look up the laws of middle eastern countries yourself. Fuck old and young arrogant idiots who care about nothing. 
Muted? You have the soul of a left - retard child woman. You mute everyone when shit hits the fan because you cannot deal with the real world. I was not attacking you, I was attacking people who rely on experts. 
Oh well another retarded asswipe. 
Shit like this get's the blood pumping. So infuriating to see those entitled, self-righteous, millennial logs of feces disrespecting elderly Americans, even terrorizing them. And the faggot Portland Pd wants to prosecute them 
Rastus already has 5 nigger girlfriends on the side, unbeknownst to Mrs. Oblivious. She'll find out when they show up at her door in the middle of the night with baseball bats. 
What the fuck is halal? I know I'm a hillbilly in Kentucky, but I don't eat nothing, if I can't see what type of varmit I'm shooting at! 
Just proves what I always knew. Hillary is a fucking cunt 
Game's up for Soros then, arrest the cunt at last - throw him in jail! 
Hey, fuckhead, you Do know that albinos are a genetic defect and not necessarily white, right? Fucking retarded asshat. If science was an enema that would help you understand you would eat it instead. 
That's because the Real science would make your nigger head explode, you fucking worthless bag of shit. 
I didn't even realize that cunt Feinstein was 85 years old. Happy to know she is much closer to death than I thought. 
I wouldn't spend that kind of money so my kid would turn into a spy boy, ken doll p*spy or my daughter turn to a Swj Dyke 
The British always considered the Irish their nigger slaves. 
They considered the Irish lesser than niggers. 
The Irish were British slaves for many centuries. So what do they do now? Open their borders to a fllood of muslims and blacks from africa. Not a very bright people. 
I still can't believe they have a Gay Indian as their President too. So as long as you can chug Guinness and do a Riverdance you are considered Irish now huh? 
If Ireland keeps this shit up, in a few generations Ireland will become a muslim, nigger island. 
Wetback kitchen 
I think he prefers throat yogurt to jello. But who knows anymore. It’s probably a gender fluid grannies retard 
The last thing that faggot should be near is anything labeled education. 
I feel the same way. I thought surly that the faggot ass "Stormers" on the Bbs would call Anglin out on this bullshit, but no, they all made a joke out of this disgusting act. Fuck Anglin, Weev, and any that follow that trash. 
Once you learn that "Weev" is jewishand, the last time I checked - Anglin has a jewish lawyerit all makes sense. Several other well-known 'white supremacists' are either jewish, or associated with jews, as well. 
The nigger world is all abuzz about jive ass nigger scandal. 
You're fucking retarded, keep sending whites to slaughter, since Utr we have no networking, infighting from faggots like you right here etc etc. But yea bring on the peasant rebellion, they never get crushed as soon as the leaders get taken out 
I like how polite everybody is on this thread and how they’re all pretending to not know what or who they’re ltalking about. It’s called Rap Music. It’s part of modern American Nigger Culture and it’s nothing new, it’s been around since the 80’s. You never heard of it? All the songs about raping and beating Ho’s & Bitches? All the songs about fuck the police and kill the Cops? All the songs about being in Gangs and doing drugs? All that just passed you by? 
Dave, stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
First all you little shit I am Faggot, and that don't cut deep me and my other fag friends call each other that all the time. Second "white" ain't a real race. You can be Irish, polish, or whatever the fuck but white ain't real that's just the color of your skin. I do stand up for my race, Irish, and all other minoritie races 
Dave the correct term is sodomite or pedophile. And no, we won't bake your fucking cakes. 
Bring that nigger to the whipping post. The only thing a nigger understands is a good ass kicking. 
Why does this genius keep showing off what a retard he is! 
So you are a nazi? You liberals are too dumb to exist. How do you not set yourself on fire tying your shoes each morning you dumb ignorant redneck moron? 
Gee, there's a shocker - another jewish cunt bitching about White men. 
No Trump! No Gop! No Faggot Usa! 
Is a curious sort of blackmail that threatens the occupied West to illegally chop our heads off in the case we won't allow them to legally chop our heads off via their ShariaLaw Legal head-chopping in Sa > And the current threats issued to West by our beloved, humble "refugees" > 
I ask this Q a million times per second Do we really want to give away for Free to the evil and lazy Islamic tribe everything our ancestors died for and created, our freedom, democracy, unsurpassed culture, wonderful land & fields, art, music, cities, churches, our museums & libraries (Muslims will burn them all, as former Ottoman empires did) Do. We. Really. 
Islam is a satanic cult that worships a pedophile piece of shit. The religion of piss and its practitioners can go to hell. We need to start destroying these muzzie shitheads now 
Here's the faggot 
So the Laws in Europe are just as nigger rigged as they are in the U. S. My cousin was a Sargent in the Us army and was stationed there for three years the talked great about their government today. Saying it was now a socialist country but then you read shit like this and they sound just as fucked up legally as we are they just get health care. 
I Don'T Think This Marxist Cunt Is Going To Live That Long. Just a Feeling I Have. 
Sen. Bill Nelson: F-Rating from Nra, Wants National Firearm Database, Including Firearm Owners via 
So you have nothing to go on but paranoid delusions. Sound like a retard flat-Earther. 
Defend a one of them, chucklehead. 
Sorry, I don't argue with retards. 
As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you! 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
God damn cunt I anit no snitch you stupid fuck, but godamn one you nasty kike wannabes ever did touch i would be worst then a snitch fuck face wop dego 
Beware the faggot ghoul 
Should I listen to my cat describe what dogs are? Why bother with this if you are not part of a religion. It comes across as really faggot level behavior. 
Actually, the three 'Abrahamic' religions are all based on the same underlying dogma smart ass. 
Like a typical "casting couch" Hollywood whore, all that's on her mind is dick. 
Crock of shit actress hawking for reviews. That's all this is about. Note: The Communist's default is always - Violence. She wanted to Violently hurt someone carrying a placard. The communist way - shut down free speech by any means necessary - is because they're a bunch of Pussies and soyboys without 'nads; losers who need safe spaces because words hurt, who default to violence when others have an opinion with which they disagree. Low-life commie losers keep on losing because that's what losers do! Still not going to watch their train-wreck of a movie. Next they'll be showing the freaking movie in public schools as "history. " 
Fuck yourself bitch 
I'm curious what why this stupid cunt thinks we can't wear certain costumes 
One less retard to pollute the gene pool, can't say I feel even the slightest bit sorry for him. 
Rod Dreher cucking Hard: Newsflash moron - there will be no peaceful co-existence with these Leftist freaks. The reason things stayed pretty amicable for the past 50 years was that the Right just kept surrendering - those days are over. 
They have a phone number. 202-955-3600 wouldnt hurt to call and say he is a faggot 
The people who unironically say "Rainbow Nation" with legions of niggers and no other races in it are simply too retarded to know the difference. 
Copy Of Copy Of Copy Of Dumb Faggot World 
Best of all? Not a nigger in sight. 
You think Smith is part nigger? He looks like he has some nigger in his woodpile, kinda like Anglin. 
'seriously im not racist'- Oh, thats great to here, While Your Fucking People Are Being Slaughtered. Disgusting cunt 
Nfl = Nigger Faggot League! 
Detroit nigger tries to rob man, man doesn't put up with it. Man now in trouble. 
Oh, without a doubt, there's no America without us Honkies. But while Juans should be admitted in small numbers, the ones that Do play by our rules and assimilate. I'll take them 100 times a day over some feminist twat at Ut Austin waving a dildo around campus and screaming about "patriarchy! " 
Let's wait and see what happens. The judge said he wants to consider her financial situation before he imposes a sentence. Don't be surprised when she just gets a slap on the wrist. Chapel Hill is the fag and nigger loving capital of Nc. 
Fucktard dozy twat Pink hair & felt-tip eyebrow, s. = well holy Jesus? Lol Some boy, s are gonna have some fun with this. Whatever this is, bullwhip, s at the ready 
Of course, the cunt wants it all. As Robert Demento said "I'd like to punch him in the head. " 
Delusional cunt Kate White making up stories again. Delusions and lies are all you fucking got Kate. 
"Talented faggot dies from buttfucking" is enough for a whole movie! A comic book, maybe. 
Don't like any Sjw nigger loving twat. No. 
This cunt is poisoned children with left poison. She should banned for life as teacher. 
The pos is deranged or paid to act like a retard 
Go be a nigger spic somewhere else. 
She'S A Typical Jewish Murderer 
Hillary's one sick cunt 
Something tells me this is probably a good follow list because it's all the people that just got tranny porn spammed along with me. @ProleSerf 
It's probably some antifa faggot that's bitter about the kavanaugh confirmation. 
Sounds reasonable to me. Throw the dried up cunt in jail. 
Delta Force should terminate his life. Dead Chicago nigger is dead. 
Did some faggot within the Council actually get us banned again? 
Wtf is up with this cunt? 
Hey cock sucker. Your bitch Carolyn Emerick has been talking shit about the alt right, men, and Christians for far too long. Now we have these faggot ass crystal ramming faggots talking shit too. You guys are subversive. I had no problem until this became pagans vs Christians by that fucking whore 
Still better looking than your shameful mug. You cover your face in every photo, since you look like a burn victim from a meth lab explosion, but in reality, it's just very poor breeding over multiple generations; this is why you have no children and will die alone, whereas I am married with children. 
Cool, when my mrs gets home this arvo I'll tell her that some fetal alcohol syndrome, david hogg doppelganger lookin cunt from gab said she doesn't exist. On a side note, I really hope your kids got their mothers looks 
Give that bitch a couple more Big Macs for me! 
I noticed in the newest Tmnt cartoon they weren't satisfied with niggerfying the turtles, but made April a nigger too. This is the final straw, it's kike huntin' season. 
Why so many redhead girls are being turned into niggers in fiction? 
See you have literally copied this off me. Only i get who harold is. You fucking don't though do you. I made this two days ago. You fucking wannabe twat. 
Yeah. Because I copied you. But you are to retarded to prove it! Go ahead. Lol. I will be waiting. Btw, don't miss your chance to get another booster shot. I think they are free this time of year. 
Beware of this Whigger race traitor queer former White Nationalist. He followed me on Twitter & reported me for replying to an abusive Tweet. I think he's been working for the Adl for years and infiltrated Vnn and Stormfront. 
James ward is a faggot 
Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
Hey Where are you today? The poll I did for your benefit isn't benefiting you very well. 91% white people on Gab so far. Just like I told you, the vast majority here are white. Agreed now? ) 
I'm sick and tired of you fucks saying nationalism is about race. Nationalism is about country and culture. To preserve the America way of life is nationalism. Don't have shit to do with race. You come to this country you leave your culture where you come from. You embrace American culture or get the Fuck out. 
If anyone can be British then it's as meaningless as being the fan of a sports team you socially constructed half-wit. 
You have to be born here or go through nationalisation you fooking waste of carbon atoms. 
So if you moved to China, you would magically become Chinese? If you moved to Nigeria, you would immediately transform into a Nigerian? An interesting hypothesis. Are you able to postulate a potential mechanism for this alchemy? 
Are you fooking mental. Already made you look a twat the other day and you're back for more. I said you have to be Born in Britain or go through the nationalisation process. Not just turn up at Heathrow airport dickhead lol 
So if an African with a full term pregnancy takes a flight into London and gives birth in an Nhs hospital an hour later that child is now British? This is a fascinating worldview you have. 
With British parents. Like the black girl I see. She is as British as me, despite what the racist twats here say ) 
But if her parents were naturalized British citizens in a former colony then they would be; and you would still be a delusional cocksucker engaging in fantasy justifications. 
They weren't! Checkmate ) 
The nigger you're fucking's parents weren't British; so your argument is invalid. Thanks for playing you retarded piece of shit. 
Haha This is what you have to put up with here. Her parents were British. That's Why she's British. 
You just said: "They weren't". You're both dumb niggers. 
No. I said they weren't naturalised in a former colony. They were born here too. I'm no dumb nigga ) 
If you're a muzzie it's neither. 
Should have happened many years ago in fact that traitorous retard bitch clinton should have never received a security clearance. 
Some old cunt has escaped from his care home. 
Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
Published 21 October 2018 Queen Converts to Islam! Hmmm, well wouldn't ya know, the Queen has been a Muslim all along as she's a direct descendant of the Prophet Muhammad the founder of Islam and on 24th Nov 2010 she officially acknowledged she was a Muslim at the Sheik Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi by donning a Muslim headscarf. So, if you're wondering why the once great Britain is now a Muslim Caliphate there's your answer! Yer, but, St Anthony, the Queen is supposed to be the head of the Anglican Church. Ha ha ha, she couldn't give a toss about the church as everyone knows they're all a bunch of apostate Paedos, especially you know who nod nod wink wink at Hampstead Christ Church, while the Muslims would throw the Lgbt queers from the highest rooftops and enforce strict Islamic Law aka Sharia Law. Yer, but the Brits don't want Sharia Law. Yer, of course they don't want Sharia Law, but that's what they've got because the dumb Christians all say God's law is scrapped and we can all rock n roll our way to heaven courtesy of Aleister Crowley's adage do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law aka dieu et mon droit. So, what's the final outcome of all this? Simple, all out Civil War! 
It's a stupid rumour started by some Muhammadans mate. Of course the retarded on here latch on to it like it's momma's boobie lol 
I that's just a rumour. 
If it's that bad I'll have to put the meat cleaver in my laptop case to behead them first! 
Sorry to but in but what are you referring to? 
That the Queen is a Muslim Jan. Never in my 53 years did I think I would ever write that lol 
What? I'm literally Rofl laughing at that one 
Same here Jan. It was started by some Islamic "scholar" in the Middle East I believe. The same scholars who preach the Earth doesn't rotate. There's your first clue lol 
Ahhh makes sense now Johann 
I don't think she is Muslim but there's definitely something going on with her 
It'll Be Worse With Big Ears And Shoddy on The Throne, He's A Muslim Lover. 
And another faggot muted! 
Suck my cock, idiot filth. 
Retarded liberals sent themselves fake bombs, False Flags for deep state sympathy, Fbi wont seize shit. 
You don't get it, patriots have all been on a list that the retards keep for satan, God protects us. Trump is about to administer some tough love. Tribunals for deep state, swift executions to follow, it cant be stopped. 
President Eisenhower - deported 1 million Mexicans in one year Trump - can't deport more than a socialist nigger So much winning, Maga, Trust the Plan 
Karen Monahan after Sand Nigger Ellison beat her 
The most annoying thing about overly sensitive cunts is they are completely insensitive to people who don't conform, and when they push you to be rude or even just assertive, they make out like you're the cunt. Nothing surer to turn me into an actual cunt than a cunt making me look like one. 
Thanks for your comment, Neeto Heeto. I fully respect your right to be a cunt. I too reserve the right to be a cunt, and to enjoy being a cunt when forced not to be polite. Thank you. 
Faggot Jews 
Only retarded republicans will try to "expel" the race of "traitors". Remember You are an immigrant originally and You stole america from its rightful owners 
Lol That's right bitch! We Conquered this land, We fucked its women, We killed thousands. And we're gonna do it again just like we did it to those Kikes yesterday. 
I'm torn between simply going along with everyone pointing out her hypocrisy as it relates to Kavanaugh (and also the ridiculously retarded thought that you could be disqualified for a job for something you said or did at age 17) and pointing out that her Tweet just said she wouldn't room with a lesbian. She's being hounded for not wanting to live with a homo. 
Get that faggot off muh Swastika! 
Why don't you go over to Pussbook and hangout there with your antiAmerican Pos faggot friends. 
Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew! 
Dose not want to admit that he is a faggot, even though I pointed out to him that bear is faggot code for a fat guy with a harry back which is a common Jewish mutation. He responded thus: 
Lmao that dumb cunt is a retard. Anyone who endorses a democrat is just a stupid. Why you people insist on destroying America is beyond disbelief or reasoning. This woman needs put in front of the firing squad with all the other anti American thrash in Congress and the Senate and shot in the forehead for being traitors and anti Americans 
Trump = Jewish Trump = Zionist Trump = Israel First Americans = retarded 
The boy doesn't need "support" or "counseling". He busted a nut w that spic puta and loved it. What he needs is education in why you don't fuck spics, esp possibly (enemy) ones. For now, though, he's the stud of that schoolD 
Croak, bitch! 
I just figured because eleanor was a dyke and franky nailed everything, just thought it was because of those similarities between the pairs 
It's not even that. It's the fact that people use shitty options in the general as a justification for not taking over the primaries, which is why these faggot agorists meet their destiny on the road they take to avoid it. 
Cunt! 
Nazbols would send you away to tuol sleng you fucking cunt 
Half nigger total idiot 
These retarded hippies from the '60's are just now figuring out that their degenerate ideology is harmful to womenand to society as a wholehalf a century later? "The sexual revolution sought and won by my 1960s [sic] generation envisioned women as responsible, mature free agents, equal to men. We certainly did not foresee that 'booty pics, ' reducing women to their buttocks like Stone Age fertility totems, would become a wildly addictive genre of Instagram self-portraiture. " Of course these idiots didn't foresee any harmful effects of "sexual liberation"; therein lies the problem! These degenerates are so dumb, so infantile, so lacking in critical thinking skills, and so myopic that they could not possibly have any foresight whatsoever about anything. They never think even somewhat into the future about the long term because they lack the ability! This is why it's up to us and only us to consider our posterity, and to secure some kind of future for the generations that come after us. 
They pretend like it's a bug and not the main feature they pushed on society. It's all very jewish. 
Just goes to show how retarded, literally retarded the Dems are! All we've heard was the Russians did it, colluded to take away the vote from them, and what do they do, turn around and attempt to do the very same thing! These people need to be blasted into space on a non return trip back! The only thing is, they are brazenly stupid enough to do it in the open! 
Where have you been? Some Faggot is using your avatar and I thought he was you until it became obvious he was an imposter so I gulaged him. 
I was locked for saying the word retard to blue checkmark lib. Saying kill a conservative is a ok over there, especially love the kill white males tweets. 
I only stand with moslems if there's a faggot in mid air. I can kinda get behind em then 
As long as the fag toss is done in Islamic countries, then I don't care I just don't want them in the Western white world 
Jesus was a sand nigger faggot. 
I would have fired her because of her first name. Nigger names always amaze me. 
I still have a photo of Mr. Dick Nigger when we were still dating. 
What a faggot response. 
I have muted Several faggot wannabe Nazis today. I feel alive! 
Im not a sick or violent person. Before globalist and niggers reverted back into sub human animals back about 1994 i didnt hate anybody. But now after the past 20+ years of both their completely insane disgusting rapist animal behavior i laugh with glee seeing insane nigger death cells run over, the things are insane life wreckers 
Any day a nigger dies is a good day. 
She's not even a Rino, she's more like an old-school machine politics ward boss. Alaskans are completely dependent on government gibs and they pull the lever for whoever can deliver the funding, but they like to pretend they're rugged conservatives. She got the Senate seat the old fashioned way (nepotism from her daddy) and likely is a shitlib cunt bone deep 
To me, her phyzz shrieks "femcunt battle axe" 
No. Stupid asshole for disobeying the 911 operator that told him to stay in his car and Not follow Trayvon. Instead, he decides to play Cop and provoked Trayvon into attacking him. Trayvon nigger thug yes. Zimmerman stupid asshole spick who was playing god. 
When Daily Stormer was promoting white identity, albeit a retarded version, it had no access to the real world. When Spencer and others made white identity a real world position/movement that would attract high quality whites they imploded it with endless infighting and stunts. They then redirected the energy into the gop where it would become nullified. 
Dorsey is literally a nigger loving fag. He should be a racist. That would be healthy and normal 
Dont buy lotto tickets what are u a dumb nigger or something? 
It's called that useless nigger letting our military equipment fall apart. You can't just trash the equipment without having replacements which take time to make. 
I'd like to kick this faggot into next week. 
Once we are all allowed back on twitter the truth about the deranged nigger Mlk Jr will come out, who was almost a bigger scam than the nogger non grata Obama. Truth is they are both commie illuminati niggers 
Those that may not be criticised have stolen the English word Gay, which means Happy/Joyful and applied it the the most unhappy people on the planet. Also, a Faggot is a bunch of Sticks used for Kindling. I want my language back! 
Jew cunt 
Have you lost your fucking mind, dude? Are you dead and some retarded piece of shit has taken over your account? 
Sorry this is gross but it is important to see how liberal feminists have destroyed men. Just look at this piece of shit. I don't want these people anywhere near me or my family. It should be a crime to allow children near any democrats. 
Is this twat for real? 
That faggot should be loyal to white people, not some stupid flag and gov that's Zog controlled anyway. 
Brazil is the house Nigger but she a Dem house nigger. 
>how dare they make us ban porn just because. Images are not real. >is that some anime I see I'll fucking rip your anus out through your throat you pathetic silicon valley wannabe nigger 
Lets just remember, 1 hit, almost 30 years ago, that's it, that's all this retarded Kojak has ever done, she is beyond irrelevant 
Modern Day Lenny Bruce Quotes "Take your civil liberties & free speech & shove them down your throat until you choke on them & bring up the truth" "Only being called a cunt is worse than "racist" but it takes a real cunt to call someone a racist" 
The Uk police are faggots taking muzzie dick up their ass 
Every one calls everyone nigger where I am. Adelaide was raped by the Us niggers rap for 2 decades. 
You might wanna read the original post. And I have no problem with pro-white movement. What I have a problem with is fapping to a dead faggot who turned the best country in the world into a smoking ruin in mere 12 years and got 15 million white people killed in the process. 
Occultist faggot - Hitler was a Christian. 
How rich do you have to be to hire retarded jungle Asian surrogate mothers, and what jurisdiction do you have to live in to keep them away from leftist lawyers? Practical considerations, I don't feel like waiting for the Zombie Alpacalips. 
Every time I hear about a little Chinese bastard jumping off the roof of the iphone building, I do my own little private "End Zone" dance. 
Every time i see an ignorant little cunt with multicolored hair i think. What an ignorant little cunt, i bet she is a libtard. Then i shake my head and laugh in your little cunt face. 
Anyone who knows or see’s this Toronto (shithole) soy-boy faggot should punch him in the head and fu*k him up! All these libtard faggots are going down. Male or female, shit doesn’t have a gender nor does the rage coming their way! Dare Libtards to bring it to the streets! 
Did that one nigger married to the mud shark finally leave Gab? 
Nigger Raheem Davis murderer. I hope they execute this nigger today. I hope they storm the jail to get it done. Half mast Candlelight vigil hero stolen truck the county Mourns heavy hearts the sickening cowards. Call for lynching drag the goddamn Nigger through the streets. I'm sick of these dick taking politicians and judges and lawyers. 
Depends on how Mixed the offspring is, for me I’m just retarded since I’m only 10% not pure yellow island nigger 
You sound like a faggot lol. 
>slytherin harry potter isn't the only fiction you can pull names from you taco fucking larping homo 
It's a reference to the Fascist dictator Rowling stole the name for one of her villains from, you utter tard. I haven't even read the books. 
>i can't read sounds about right for a dumb spic. Go pick some oranges 
Bacon And Eggs Sounds Right Good! Fuck Vegans! Brain Dead Morons! Does That Twat Know That Pigs And Chickens Eat What That Bitch Ho EatS? 
Fuck off faggot 
Kamala Harris is a Slut who slept her way into office! She Fucked A Nigger! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Silly little cunt Npc 
Whites make them succumb to theft temptations 
Laurie your mind will melt when you see more of the daily retardation these bonobo down syndrome blacks pedal. 
Yes they are like that. They are like ants. Evil race of demons 
Whenever a truck overturns these down syndrome bonobo ants swarm and loot. I've seen them collect spilt sugar in engine oil. Then they ate it and got violently ill. No brains whatsoever. 
Ramaphosa is a lying nigger jew. What did you expect? 
I think I'll go as "CovfefeLukeTheDeplorable" the mental case liberal sand nigger retard that farts in his bathtub just to smell the bubbles. 
I’ve been to Bradford so I’m an expert on this, you stupid cunt. Go spend a few nights outside the east London mosque, you won’t be writing about your expertise then, in fact you’ll be getting written about as a fucking white trash cunt hospitalised by diversity. 
As a former conservative who loathes the Racist brainwashed retarded Democrats, I will tell you the best President we have had in the last 75 years is actually Jfk. He has the balls to take on the cabal with executive order and issue money silver backed directly from the Federal Government which is exactly what is really needed. The Fed Is the problem and the Racist Jews running media and the banks Are the problem. You will not find that on any msm. If you haven't pondered the Jew question, keep an open mind and listen. Please feel free to speak freely however, the Jew does not censor you here! 
Nigger vermin. Safety in numbers, intimidation, threats and violence. The Islamic Protection Force (Police) will stand by and do nothing. Time to arm yourselves and fight fire with fire. The best immigrant scum are dead ones. 
Faggot Who Used Steroids! 
I can see that you too have a condition that I refer to as Nigger Overload! I've had it for decades. 
We must mark the jews with the barcode Sanz all the jews and moslem we must destroy the foul demons of yester queer 
This faggot is in the Eu. Btw. 
I am not saying the issues with the black culture vs the white is not a concern. I hate nigger trash of All hues. I have new ratchet-bro black neighbors moved in nearby. They are as niggery as it gets. Loud. Late night bonfires and drinking. Shouting. You know the drill. I'm glad it is cold weather. Maybe I can drive them out when 6 months is up. 
You’re confusing leftism with authoritarianism. Authoritarians can be Right or Left Wing. Calling every authoritarian ideology leftist is just lazy and retarded 
This is what happens when a plantation nigger decides to finally become an American. Cnn starts a shame campaign to get him to return to left wing slavery. 
And I called you the old grandpa happily raising his daughter’s nigger baby with that dumbass blank, the lights are on but no one’s home look you old bastards always have. 
Free gibs sucks the retard contingent in every time. 
Stupid cunt (Pocahontas, Fauxcahontas) is about 1/1000th Indian. Maybe. Sorry, babe, that won't even get you $20 to play the slots with at the nearest Injun casino. Try again. What a lousy woman. 
Fascist Left twat who murdered anti-Islamisation politician has conditions softened so can now move abroad 
This meme is racist! How dare you make a nigger look like a court jester! For shame! 
Never understood why they do that, retarded niggers think magic powder makes things clean. While writing it, I wish I could say I was bullshitting you but nope it's true. Have quite many times wanted to throw in some Molotov's or use some other form of fire, cleanse their apartment of the nigger stench. 
I'm sick and tired of mud loving kike trash like you thinking your opinion matters more than mine. You kike jackasses need to get off your fucking knees and do something with your lives, and open your damn eyes for a change. You re a bunch of worthless twats Fuck off, kike. 
Retard " Steve Wilson" fired from his Job. 
His Name is Eldon "Twirp" Williams: 87-Year-Old White Man Murdered by Black Career Criminal in Alton, Illinois. From the article, "At this point the killing appears random. " It wasn't "random" it was because he's a fucking white male. 
Exactly! I hope you know I was being sarcastic. That Nigger should have done the world a favor and jumped off a bridge, and the victim should be at home enjoying Sunday breakfast with his family right now. 
Should resign for being an ugly cunt like the rest on the view 
I never mentioned genetics. A literal hybrid would be fucking retarded and impossible. Just the characteristics. They do not roar like other cats. They have dog-like faces. Yes. That information is also in the video. 
Liar liar cunt not raped on fire 
Fake poll just like the Msm fake polls. Look Nazi/loser, the majority of people here on Gab are Not Nazis and they are pro-Trump and not anti-Trump like you lousy Nazi losers. Wake up! 
Hey retarded shitbag, it's ok to have a different opinion. I support Trump yet I do have disagreements with some policies. You're probably the type who shits on identity politics, but your eyes light up when Turning Point Usa flouts [x] minority group to show how not racist they are. Unless they are explicitly jew, they can identify as both white and jew. 
So retarded shitbag, what kind of a different opinion do you have anyway? Are you one of those weak Nazi faggots (losers) that posts here at Gab? +1 (Neo) 
So retarded shitbag, does that mean that you are illiterate and have comprehension problems then? Wake up! 
It's a little too early to be drinking man, put down the bottle. You know if you want a little Echo chamber for virtue signaling faggets like yourself there's Twitter you can go there be a faggot 
So retarded shitbag (faggot), does this means that you're a drunk? Look, Twatter is for faggots and dirtbag/shitbags like you. 
Shitbag/faggot we already know that you Nazis are Losers (failures. Duhroll: Wake The Fuck Up! 
What makes you think I'm a member of a defunct German political party from the 1930s? 
Shitbag/faggot, your posts here (energy Dna) at Gab give you away! Wake Up! You Nazi faggots (Losers) are anti-Trump socialists just like the demonrats. Wake Up! 
I find it hard to imagine that levels of stupidity exist. But yet here we are. You getting paid to be this retarded? Or is this a voluntary thing? 
Shitbag/faggot, getting paid by who/whom? You were born retarded. 
Worst troll ever, they're not sending their best 
Shitbag/faggot, who are they now? 
You'd know better than me 
Well, I know that you're a shitbag faggotroll: 
Why so angry? 
Faggot, who is angry now? Are you! 
Unfortunately it will work for monkey brain Democrats! All Jews and Democrats are Retarded human sewage! 
You are a stupid niggerlover, who also doesn't understand mechanics. Are you a Ftm tranny as well as a fucking retard? 
Do you also consider a string to be a machinegun, in the same sense as a bumpstock is, you niggerloving faggot? 
So you agree that a string configured in the right manner is a machinegun, as the Atf has previously stated, you niggerloving subhuman faggot? 
You're saying that a string is a machinegun, retard? You niggerloving faggot pretend conservatives are going to have a bad time of it when we take this nation back, if you survive it. 
Yeah well, it was the Klan that finally said Enough of the Jewish Carpetbaggers allowing Niggers to Rape and Murder our White Women and Children. 150 years ago, those "costumed" Men might very well have saved your ignorant ass. 
Can't talk sense to a 'Dems R Teh Real Racist' adherent. They think in cookie cutter terms, that all democrats were bad/'racist', while 'Republicans' were always virtuous and never put niggers down, nor kicked a Chinaman in the head for cooking the neighborhood dog. Another Jewish trick to alter history. 
We need to seriously watch our Northern border that Soy Boy commie Pm faggot probably has thousands of armed terrorists cells right now 
Only woman j ever worked with that was worth a damn in the kitchen was a bull dyke lesbian. So basically a dude with lady bits. 
I'll leave the window open. Some nigger will loot it 
White supremacists are oddly exactly like liberals. The longer you let them talk, the more enthusiastically they come up with retarded things to say. It's almost like they're one and the same. 
Every argument the makes, disproves their other arguments. They don't see it. They really are retarded 
I’m crying cause you are a fucking retard 
No I take that back yes christINsanity does make one makes one weak, cause it's a sand nigger religion 
I wish I could say it's amazing you never got any justice, but that's just normal in this jew system. I couldn't believe that shit the night it happened. I had no idea things were really that bad in Pacific Northwest. I knew it was bad, but not that bad. That was quick. 
Wasn't there a very recent news story, where a nig got off for murdering a white guy, because they said racial language was used before the killing? What you are saying could happen. Some Liberal Da/Judge/Jury would find that Hate Speech is justification for killing you, despite the fact that the Supreme Court has ruled 4 times that it's is clearly Free Speech 
That's how fucking retarded and simple most people are. They are completely brainwashed by jewish Hollywood. 
I want to see at least a dozen Democrats executed for treason that’s more important, and that president O’ Nigger serves a prison sentence with the murderous bitch from BenGhazi and serve time in Guantánamo Bay 
Mad Max, the Field Nigger speaks shit again! 
La ruins everything. They come out here to my unique desert town in the middle of nowhere, do their bullshit music fests, make it trendy, and all the fucking faggot hipsters inundate and ruin. Came to the local bar for the 1st time in ages: all dudes and 2 ugly fuckin cows. I remember when this joint used to be a true saloon. Now its a fuckin' novelty 
We are witnessing Niggers raping on average in the Usa 45, 000 White women, with Whites raping on average in the Usa Zero Nigger women. If Nigger men were in such demand by our White bitches, why the need to rape them? 
That faggot suicided his verified Gab account. Why is that? Also how does this inane shit end up in Popular? 
Kanye West has got the be the dumbest fucking nigger that hasn't robbed a liquor store. 
Ok going live on gab to expose Andrew torba in part, fix my live feed or suffer cunt face bitch Gab! This is not me asking it is me demanding! 
Lesley was a cunt and President Trump put her in her place. I'm sick and tired of the Fake News hammering Trump and never giving him any credit! 
Chris Rock is a skinny ugly racist black Nigger 
It was already in the realm of high fantasy where you pointed that out but we reached peak retard with the idea that we could ever cut a deal with the niggers that's more appealing to them than the promise of getting even with Whitey 
His shills on Twitter are already at work pushing that narrative. Candance Owens is trying to spin the caravan fiasco as a ploy to get illegals to rat out the Democrats. She's even encouraging Trump to offer them citizenship in return for them betraying Soros. We've reached peak retard. 
Peak Retard is having negresses as political commentators 
Shut the hell up you derelict. You sound like a retarded dickhead. 
Yeah, I'm gonna step outside of my Southern Gentlemanly personna here, & graffiti up a post by an organization that I Greatly Respect. Fuck that Worthless-Assed Nigger Bitch & Anyone & Everyone else who is involved in her Lies, Thefts, & Treason! 
Yeah, completely agree. Having despised those two for over a decade now, watching them pull eleventh hour heel-face turns is jarring. Would suspect the usual cuck theater but given that the dems have officially gone full retard I strongly suspect that their reactions are genuine; they've had enough of this kike shit and it's time to put the pimp hand to use. 
Wth, Obama. Lol! The Muzzie Pos Lied, again! 
Little Nigger should have been more careful not to invade other people's space. They always act like someone owes them something. Like they own the world. 
"Merkel wants joint union plan for migration from Africa " I swear this fucking cunt want to destroy germany forever, Soon the destruction of Europe will become irreversible 
Why can't they just go back to Africa if they hate it here so much especially that we enslaved them. Wtf? 
Funny, the bitch was beaten by a nigger so hmmm. Oh yeah, another African tribe threatened the asshole if he did it again. And then you have Whitney H. Drugged and abused oh, yeah was it the same nigger. Didn't see none of them rioting. 
Leftist Sjw literal who YouTuber shilled into the new Wreck it ralph movie for some unknown reason and seemingly the dense retard wants to brag about it? 
Yikes! I forgot about that freak. 
Nigger! 
If you're a dude, you talk like a queer. Go lift, thicken your skin, and you won't get upset so easily. Faggot 
I'm inclined to think that it's time for all those Us patriotard types who told us Brits and Euros to 'rise up', whilst boasting about how they'd do so if ever their nation was threatened in such a way, which they could because they have guns, to, in all honesty, and not to put too fine a point on it, get down there and start shooting or shut the fuck up eternally. 
Most of them are cum fart blow hards. They want Someone Else to do all that shit, they just wanna attach themselves to the group that does so they can post pictures of themselves with their guns and say "3%, never forget" and other such retarded jingoistic garbage. 
The Chronicle is a leftist rag that almost nobody subscribes to. Its not worth wasting time to read. We have a nigger leftist for mayor who should never have been elected but they'll endorse a piece of shit guilty of breaking and entering and Dui. That's Robert O'Rorke 
It doubles as a planned parenthood to complete the moral degeneracy! Notice the hanger? Luckily they only let in Retarded Democrats! 
Kill the muzzie would-be rapist, kill the police who come to arrest. Whites must become absolutely addicted to killing. 
Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger. You don’t get to limit my speech on what you decide is societally healthy, nigger. Are you Jewish, nigger? 
My innermost niggardlyness is reflective of the truth given by a Nazarene church to me: "Father Abraham had many sons, and I am one of them, and so are you, so let's. " Yeeehaaaw! 
"I will slay you children and elders", sayeth a certain power. Ride now against the Holy City, if ye dare. 
Great, That Muslim Fraud Nigger Did All He Could To Destroy Our Nation. He Needs Hung, After His Trial Of COurSE. 
Mass muting everyone who posts about their affinity for agorism. You don't need my buy-in to put your head between your legs. Go be faggot lolbertarians somewhere else. 
Don Lemondrunk Dumbfuck Nigger! 
Insult to the wolves. I'd call those niggers rabid chimpanzees. Ugly retarded violent apes. 
Eva you whore, this ju$tin cunt has a cs go cheating aim browser bot fuck you if we catch at a lan i will break you in half and take your rig bitch 
My faggot fucking grandpa wanted this for us, he's a fuckin hero and he knew it 
Guessing they know their lifestyle is full of shit so they want to push it on others, misery loves company after all. Doesn't help that they are too retarded to understand that humans are omnivores, not herbivores. If we were purely herbivores, our digestive system would be a bit different. 
Megyn Kelly = Cunt 
So gross. He bred a nigger sow and ended up with that retarded nigger son 
More monkey shines in Fl: nigger candidate is a wayciss mudduhfugguh! 
Sweden is a muzzie shithole 
If I wasn't already permanently banned on Twitter, I would have been with just half the slings I've posted here on Gab about that useless craphead. I can't stand the sight of his smug face, the sound of his proselytizing voice, or the libtard garbage his pie hole spews. 
You are all retarded faygets 
Hey. In the Washington Dc city council race between a Jewish woman (Elissa SilverMan) and a Nigger woman (Dionne Reader), who would you pick? Why? 
"When your population is made up of people who would be considered mentally retarded here in the States, yes the government needs to control them. " 
Definition of a fat nigger 
Don't listen to that god damn anti white cunt. All they do is mock, insult, attack, lie, cheat and steal. The cunt downvoted you because thats all he has as an argument. He's obviously not going to have any response to your factual statement because hes a retard coward. Its a consistent, predictable pattern, with these anti white cunts 
Fuck Off Kikesucker Faggot 
What kind of a faggot doesn't get a pre-nup? If you can't get your woman to sign a pre-nup how would you expect to be able to control her in the marriage? 
That was pretty harsh language, what I meant was what kind of a faggy cocksucking faggaroo doesn't get a pre-nup? 
Vice, finding a new low for being retarded 
Fuck up Jew Cunt 
Go fuck yourself, nigger lover, I bet your family is really proud of you, cunt 
There are two options so far as I can see them 1 The targets wanted to false flag and made the bombs intentionally retarded to try and paint the alt right as stupid, but went so far over board their entire con is obvious. 2. A retard delivered these abortions of bombs, and was in fact so super retarded that it all swung back around into genius and looks like option 1. 
Pauli discovered another pole puffin neo nazi that's really just a leftist twat suffering an identity crisis. 
And this retarded globalist Pos said the same thing after the first 11+ million illegal third world Mexicans and Central Americans invaded our country over the past fifty years. Vader hates globalist Fox News almost as much as all the other evil Msm channels. 
Rosie O'Donnell Is A Fucking SATANIsT! Cunt 
Soros is in his late 80s so hopefully we'll be rid of the cunt soon, his son will be more of a problem then but if he is Trump can have him put in jail. 
Fuck you cunt 
I would just love to see some street thug smash those faggot glasses deeply into the bridge of his nose! 
Poland better worry more about jew ped0philes than moslems More than 402, 000 children were born in Poland in 2017, the highest number in many years 
Ah. BigGaySteve is back. Actually, if I caught your penis slurping, anal munching, Std infested prolapsed ass around any of my kids/grandchildren, I'd shove your teeth into a curb. 
Ffs. So you have rode the 1000's of Std infested faggots with your Std infested prolapsed ass on top pretending to be a cow-girl. Obviously, you are proud of your mental illness. And BigGayFaggotSteve. I see what you have been trying to do. Meh. You're just some faggot having a faggoty hissy-fit because, "Why won't he accept my faggotry! " 
4/ Or specifically with the white supremacists who find the Npc meme awesome, how is "diversity is our strength" any different from "love your race"? It's like two sides of the retard coin. (Or actually the same side, since white supremacy and white nationalism originated from the Democrat party, which they hate to acknowledge) 
Do you realize the founding fathers were white nationalists? Citizenship was for whites only. Btw, they also kept negroes chained up out back. Your boomer logic has no basis in reality, turn off Rush and try reading a book published prior to 1965 
And it should have stayed that way. No nigger is the equa lof a White person 
Or you can start identifying the Jews behind the Muslim / nigger flooding of your country, and exterminate them, you fucking stupid lames 
Tlo maybe before you open that mudshark loving cock sucker of yours you should look at the data how many white women get murdered by their nigger ex/lover. But you wont and continue to look stupid 
Having a bad day? Whoa on the faggot shit. Your ruining my sexy dude comment! 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
This nigger can openly call for whites to be killed, but if whites even make a humorous song about niggers they get permanently banned, like Johnny Rebel. 
Socialism has never worked, currently doesn’t work still and will never work. Basically your entire ideology is retarded 
This dick head queer hitler brought back the queer movement after more than 100 yrs of being in the closet. Hitler is the reason men are allowed in women’s bathrooms. Queers getting married to each other, adopting child to rape. Its Know wonder hitler commited suicide 
When the jew tries this kind of shit, it really is this easy to show why we hate these faggot kiddie rapers. 
Just a reminder that your 'god' is some long dead jew, if he ever existed. And European civilization was destroyed by Christians in name of your alien, desert 'god'. Thanks for proving that Christianity is an enemy to Europe. Christianity and islam are indeed identical in your hatred for civilization and beauty 
Pagans and Christians must forget past transgression and work togather to get rid of (them) and Muzzies off Europe only when the dust settles Then you can go at each other's throat case closed. 
All three Semitics are unwanted invaders, they race mix & infect us, politically, physically and spiritually with their retardations of nature We owe them nothing, we will gain nothing from helping them again. 
It's really critical you understand all i heard was you twanging your lip like retard and making retard sounds, like a retard. 
Huge rock used to smash gang-raped South African student to death via Islam is a Clit Cutting, Goat Fucking, Man over Woman, Infidel Beheading, Child Marrying, Rape Anything, smelly, nasty, perverted Ideology. Islam needs to be Exterminated. 
And they didn’t just do it because they’re muslims, but because they’re niggers too. Double bad. If you haven’t noticed niggers act like niggers regardless of their religion. Not defending Muslims, just pointing out the nigger part that’s just as important. I feel like maybe you left that part out on purpose. Btw, where did it say they were Muslim? 
Mike Mac you're a worthless Nigger, Nigger, Nigger, Nigger, Nigger, Nigger. Go fuck yourself with a plunger you homo faggot. Ha ha ha 
Hopefully he kills himself when g+ shuts down. He won't be able to make 3 or 4 profiles a day and harass people when they close. His life will be over. I will travel where ever i have to go to piss and shit on his grave. Hahahahahahaha! 
But Merkel says the African nigger becoming the German nigger is the best thing for New Africa, errrrrr I mean Germany 
Do people really pay for your retarded pronouncements? 
Truman was a nigger too though 
I go off and make some money for a while, then I come back to see you've blown up my browser phone. Seems the Pillsbury Pussy-Boy from Nigger Hills, Houston has the obsession. Funny. 
The guy fucks nigger bitches. I take my 5 year old daughter's (who is blonde haired and blue eyed like my other 2. Something gay Johann will never have made) nonsense about the monster in her bedroom closet more seriously than this Cuckenstein's view on race. 
Oh, the fragile faggot fraternity mentality of the sanctuary city Boston police has caused them butthurt, fuck them, sanctuary city police have pitted themselves against America. 
Ovomit the muzzie faggot is a piece of shit and what about the dumbfucks who voted for this asshole Twice! 
Full On Retarded Democrat 
Drink some bleach dumb cunt 
Kangaroo dick sucking hippy cunt 
I used to know a mildly retarded guy who would say that 
I don't tend to violence. But I don't think I would have been able to restrain myself from giving that faggot a severe beatdown on the spot. 
Fuck off cunt you know it was the retarded democrats who sent the pretend bombs. 
Hypocritical self righteous virtue signaling is Neither illegal Nor against Gab rules Cunt 
You are still here right? As for defamation, slander, etc. Well that's part of the free speech of gab you obviously Don'T like! I'm totally free here to say you're a boorish cunt and tell you to fuck off If I Want To Welcome To Gab 
Not just Nsw the whole country needs to stop immigration from Nigger shitholes! 
Dylan Roof: - Went to church full of old ladies - They were peaceful and cordial - They prayed for him And then he shot 'em all. I don't care if they were niggers. Not one sane white person looked at that and said "whoa, I'm racially aware now! ". If he had shot up nigger thugs that would be a different, but he was a bitch raised by a single mother (like many of you WNs) 
Blunts are so. Nigger. Lets pretend were gettin high and "hit blunts". Try guild extracts. 99. 7 thc. Dab a half g. Now your high. Try a 85% thc cookie. Eat 2. Now your high. Shit try gettin a nigger to hit a bong. There like. Nawws main i caints fucks wit da bongs main. It finna bes tu strongs n sheit main. 
Nigger loving, subversive, propaganda. 
Sarsour Is a Muslim and by doctrine cannot be American but should be deported to some Muzzie shithole. No one should tolerate them and Islam must be outlawed. 
Nazis were/are Atheists, as is the Democrat party, mothers kill their babies witho feeling guilt. Christians do not kill their babies, nor Jews. Margaret Sanger, atheist, justified her Eugenics -Planned Parent by aborting negros. Nazis murdered 6 million Jews in ovens, as atheists, no conscience, no guilt when they kill, that is Anti-Christian to be sure! 
Lol you still believe the retarded oven meme? How about the lampshades and soap? How about the electric floors? 
I posted this meme and some f*ckin feminist went off on me. Lol I sent her this and said the word cunt is the least of feminist worries! 
Baby Boomers The kids are not going to care one bit when your Social Security checks bounce. Reflect now or Reflect then. We have lost a lot of respict for you. 
You don’t have to pay for me my husband takes care of me thank you very much 
I live in a condo. Lol. It does not even have a basement. But isn't it amazing that the Boomers think a society of libtards, unable to provide for themselves, is the best economy in the world. Those Ss checks are gonna bounce a lot sooner than they think. 
. But of course you do pumpkin, mums. Luv how you blatantly ASsume. I’m a staunch conservative thru & thru sweetheart. Don’t know One boomer who was dumb enough to rely on Ss. Luv your delusions. Get a J O B. Start a retirement plan. You clueless cunt 
The thing about boomers, they know best 
Actually I do. It’s called investment. But then you’d have to be employed first there buttercup. I’m 58. We own our home. Both retired. Very comfortable. Cash for vehicles. Travel. Cabin. Land. And you. Plz continue. I profoundly enjoy seeing assholes rant 
I come back to this post as its so fucking hilarious but so concerning at the same time. Boomers, so fucked in the head they have nt a scooby why they are labelled with certain things. Unless you got multi millions in the bank, then you just a slave like the rest of us. Only a fool counts his gold whilst surrounded by those who do not. When you live in a country that owes a total of $21 trillion in public debt, christ knows what the private debt is, it is irrelevant what you think you personally own. The obsession should be how are you gonna leave it a better place for the next ones, not how much you think you have materially accumulated. Boomers are easily parted with their money. They are very greedy and very gullible. Give them a call and start talking profits, return on investments, yields and listen to their ears prick up. 
Ahhhh. Spoken by a tru clueless minimum wage earner. Another ranting asshole. I’m debt free sweetheart. Betting mum pays your bills. 
Ohhhh. I got as far as London. Nuff said. Mute. Another muzzie lover. 
You're also implying that we actually give a shit what happens to you. Hell if you went to Prison man you'd probably enjoy the butt fuckings, and we don't want to promise you a good time after all. In all seriousness, enjoy the notifications - it only gets worse from here. See our community here self-polices. We don't need admins, bans, or what have you. Instead we simply overwhelm those who wish to derail the community. In your case, loli is a gray area that liberals and the left would absolutely 100% exploit. We must sacrifice faggots like you in order to keep the community alive. Congrats, you're the weakest link Goodbye 
You must be new, so I'll fill you in 1. I don't have "bros". Well is my bro because we do stupid shit in TF2 and kick ass and take names, but Gab wise I have no "bros". I don't associate with any group other than the one I created - God Emperor Trump's Dank Meme Stash, which has more than proven himself to being a wonderful caretaker of that most sacred group. 2. I don't have a "big topic". I don't make Topics - Topics are Gab's #1 cause of pure retarded cancer. Not autistic cancer, Retarded cancer - big difference. I am known around here for spamming. Err. "flooding" shitty topics with irrelevant content. See if one of you retards were Pro, you could make a Group, and Groups have the ability to moderate their content, and thus someone like me would be powerless 3. I don't have a vendetta against anyone online. The only true vendetta I have is the Vendetta against Public Education. The destruction of public education, public schools, teachers unions, and the knowledge of knowing that so many liberal teachers are jobless, homeless, and hopeless is a dream that brings nothing but joy into my life. But you see that's completely irrelevant to you and your degenerate content amirite? 4. I include you because it's fun. I really only do shit because I find it funny. The same reason why the Og Anonymous hackers would do their shit - "Fer Teh Lulz". I'm an Og troll - been doing this shit since 2009 when I was a retarded middle school aged twat. I've matured a lot since, and have perfected my art form. 
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa what a bunch of sand nigger cock suckers 
The youngest we're late teens, and it was an indoctrination camp. Some of those "kids" would be mps today, you know the ones that feed the nigger fire with white flesh. 
Retard -moron-pathetic- inbred 
A Nigger killed a Jew? Awesome! Now the Niggers are killing their masters! My wet dream has come true! 
"Muslim inmate" looks like a nigger to me 
I don't see the problem. That pile of tar and shit looks exactly like the narcissistic nigger that thought she/he was worthy of having someone draw her/him (sorry I can't tell if that's a male or female nigger, there isn't much difference in appearance of them) 
We know. Your people are famous for this, to the tune of 45, 000 White women being raped by Nigger males per year in the Usa. Yet, you claim your race is so much sought-out by our women. If such is the case, why the need to rape them? Why are Zero women raped yearly in the Usa by White males? That says it all right there. 
Hey world im not joking, embiitch be sucking some major dick to have the refs sucking him off like this, embiitch we dont play that faggot shit here in the D bitch 
I'm super disturbed by this public List of uncorroborated rape reports. Fucking feminists. I scanned this list, One rape reported to cops. The rest are a sea of No report made in answer to the question. Here are the retarded bitches who are Admin the list email addresses'. Be creative! Email: makethemscared@gmail. Com Twitter: Here's the site 
George Soros' son: Something changed in 2016 It sure did! Your daddy didn't get the election result he'd paid for! And the old feckless cunt started funding terrorism! That's what fucking changed! 
How much Nigger dick can you take in all your holes at one of your gaysex sessions? 
That's just rubbish and nonsense since you Nazis (socialists) are obviously Not Trump supporters and are therefore clueless. His rallies are even bigger these days and millions are walking away and now running away from the demonrats after this freak show. It will be a red wave in Nov. 
Of course Ww 2 was not about freedom. The weak lost. 
You are simply an ignorant child. (Whether you are a child in an adult body is a separate issue) I'm sharing new ideas and info with your followers, at this point. "Judea Declares War on Germany" Anti-Nazi Boycott of 1933 (Loooong before Hitler or Nazi's ever decided attack anyone) 
Freak/Nazi/Child, what's Judea? What country is that nowroll: Are You Stupid! 
'This Day in Jewish History 1895: A Jew Who Would Thanklessly Head Germany's Communist Party Is Born' (haaretz. Com web cache) If you hate (commies), you might be an antisemitic Nazi. ) 
Nazi, I don't hate anyone! You are definitely stupid. 
Communist Party of Germany: "Founded in the aftermath of the First World War by socialists opposed to the war, led by (Rosa Luxemburg), after her death the party became gradually ever more committed to Leninism and later Stalinism. " 
Communism and Socialism are the exact same. Stalin hated Hitler because of him making a Military decision to strike first. They were both totalitarian just like Mussolini, Mao Zse Tung, Emporer Hirohito. Any citizen that steps out of line? Into the concentration camp you go. 
There is a difference; more than merely pedantry, in nature. "The Nazi 25-point Programme" by Adolf Hitler and Anton Drexler 'The Communist Manifesto' by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels 
Get off the dope faggot 
If she wants to escape that, maybe the cunt should stick to mobile "games" and browser games. The stuff that has 0 competitive elements and requires neither skill, nor thought process to play and enjoy. Stop ruining our games cause you are a worthless shit with no skill, go play cooking mama and make me a sandwich. 
Butthurt cunt of the week goes to Angel! The Irony of that name. 
You could have made your point in a much nicer way without the profanity. You belittled yourself by calling her filthy names. You’re better than that! 
Whites less than 5% of South Africa ruled that country for over 150 years. Whites are much more intelligent and if they have the will could make the nigger heel and obey. 
You are so stupid how does Jack taste? No don't tell me faggot I am sure you are a cum gurgler! 
Such a twat of a singer. 
Is it possible to dox this faggot and make life hell for him? 
They're not done yet. The mentally retarded left shall consinue their push and escalate their violence. Be Ready Patriots And Deplorables. Shtf Now 
Poverty is only genetic among Nigger`s because they are uneducated, overbreeding, child raping, sub human trash. The only thing a Nigger ever invented was a f*cking Stick! 
Why are you so triggerrrrrrred? You sound like a retarded three year old who didn't get their own way. "Chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. " Roflmfao! 
I want to lick that cunt and asshole! 
The million white people whose lives were ruined when niggers took over detoilet are now in nirvanna because a nigger is smiling at them hip fucking hip hurrah. And he is going to rebuild all there beautiful houses by hisself 
It was established in 2008 and became operational in 2012. Guess who was potus then you ass sucking faggot 
Why is Britain hang drool watching an inbred retard related to mohamet tell you anything? 
Pathetic. Apologize to the muts? Apologize to the white state trooper that was murdered by no good nigger Apologize to all the White victims of nigger crime. Apologize to a gentle couple that were murdered in their home by a crackbabynigger. Racist Ha, I'm a realist. Niggers are detrimental to a White Society 
Niggers, like methane, contribute to global warming 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
You are a cunt 
In fairness, the leader of Storm Troopers, Ernst Rohm, was a faggot so that's not disqualifying. 
I saw a video of that nigger calling a feminist racist after they asked him to leave their protest for yelling at them calling them sluts. It was hilarious. 
We used to have Jim Crow laws for a reason Then we decided it was a bad thing We went full retard 
Faggot 
Cunt 
Are u a cunt too? 
Well you didn't reference anyone and actually I think more of the guy than calling him a cunt, even if I disagree with him. So what's the hostility about? 
Just wait till that nigger splits her head open for drankin' his grape. 
They don't have to be smart. Their opposition has morons like you who ignore the threat and make retarded dick jokes. Useless dimwit muted. 
Every woman making false charges needs to be sued. For every man who was lied about this must happen. All that fo fund me money that lying cunt got, sue her for every penny! 
I wish that that wetback doorman would shank him on live Tv. I'd tune in to see that! 
Commie faggot 
No she’s not. She’s a coal burning nigger lover 
And so Confederate Avenue in Atlanta has been officially renamed United Avenue. The nigger mayor just signed the bill. And soon enough nobody will even know there was a name change. Well, Whites allowed a great city to become a crime ridden Nigger jungle and so they begin eliminating our heritage and will be planning our elimination as well, unless. 
So in order to try and placate the Jews and people of color the Dept of Justice has leveled new charges against 4 more white nationalists from the 2017 Charlottesville rally. Our own government has made it illegal to stand up for your own race white man. Prepare to defend your people the old fashioned way. A war is coming. 
(They) let the faggot smashing people in the head with a bike lock off on community service. Never Forget That! This is the zionist jewdicial system if full effect. 
Why does this pencil necked bespectacled cunt still have his job? What am I missing? 
If you own a pit bull you're a nigger 
Supporter Rev. Jesse-Lee Peterson Confronts Stupid Kids Against Guns at March for Our Lives Asks questions about guns black man is surrounded by a mob of screaming Jews - accuses Them of being racist confronts their cross eyed retarded offspring. Technique. Fight 30min 
Uhm lol pretty sure the guy is east indian? Lol 
Clueless, idiotic fucking bitch needs to tell that bullshit to China and India, the biggest polluters on the planet! Just another idiotic fucking cunt who needs to get the fuck out of politics! 
Wait what. This from the boy that sold arms to the enemy. They should have put this Pos crap nigger in the hole when they had the chance. 
Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew! 
So, why are you avoiding my question, faggot? The only reason I asked is because you have bear in your handle, which I have been given to understand is faggot code for a fat guy with hair on his back. I realize that's a common mutation among Jews. 
Mule-atto = Half-ASSed nigger = obama 
Who said redneck souljers country rap music 
Twat 
Nigger lover 
You Dumb Fat Usless Cunt The Jews Are Not Semites Learn YouR History National Emergency As Organised Crime Takes Over British Parliament. Fss! SHAre This Everywhere! 
More Bs Muzzie crap. Fuck off back to your own lands you Muzzie Pos. 
It’s like I said a Nigger gets free speech to slam America & our national anthem, but when a white person speaks up for it they’re fired Nike sucks burn every article of clothing you own from them if you really feel violated by these ads packing leftist fags making money in our country & hating what we stand for 
As always, when the washed-up pornstar has no arguments left, she resorts to making up lies about President Trump’s penis to get attention. Typical whorish behavior. 
I honestly don't think anyone will remember him if he continues with conservative status quo. Lincoln was a literal faggot who suspended habeas corpus and imprisoned thousands of people, but because he freed the slaves it's how he is remembered. If he restricts immigration / builds a wall, future generations will erect a thousand statues in his honor 
But who's a Nazi today? All leftists are Nazis. Of course, the NeoNazi-tards are Nazis. But I'd include all Socialists, including all Democrats under the Nazi label, as well. Certainly 100% of Muslims are Nazis. 
I used to think that leftists applied the term "nazi" to anybody that they didn't like in retarded ways, but they have been outdone by the conservitards. Fuck them both. 
And Maurry Provich say; s the Dna result; s say Yes he is your father! And he gave you up for adoption b/c you were a retarded little shit, evil, $$ hungry leftist scumbag! 
Pork a Muzzie this Thanksgiving. 
I'll make it a point to sprinkle a ring of bacon bits around a mosque if I happen to cross one this Thanksgiving. 
The death penalty would be too good for these feral niggers. 
Flaying, Vivisection, Crucifixion and more are worthy ways to punish the vile nigger infestations. 
Eu commission went out for a drink didn't invite May She's fuming silly twat 
No shits given about this retarded cunt that wet herself over going to our white house to dine with the ape fambly shitbamas 
Wonder who the Retard is who gave a down vote to this? And the President Is Right, And Right On. 
Could not agree more brother! Many uninformed or retarded people here. Even with a mean of 100 still have 50% of whites below that number. 
So basically we have a nigger buck beating the shit out of a white girl. I fucking hate you clown world! 
Another example of the violent nature of the the nigger. Now they're hiding beind this faggot disguise 
Whoopi is a total retard, what really pisses me off is the crowd applauds for this skank 
Gab is getting shut down over a staged event. If people, places, things can be blamed and punished by the very people staging the events, the info war has been lost, imo. The Technocratic Info-Monopoly Beast Is Here, and you will not do business without taking their mark of hypocrisy, deception, and lies. Welcome to the beginning of the end, friends! 
Not interested, faggot. If you're so tired of it then shut the fuck up and go outside. 
I'm tired of seeing stupid fucks like you call everything a "false flag" or a "set up". Maybe he got tired of waiting for people to change and made his own change? Jews get everything they deserve. They have had so much "misfortune" throughout history because they being it onto themselves with their behavior. 
You're the stupid little bitch cunt pussy millennial faggot talking about Jews. Like I said, Stfu and go make me a Sammich, Bitch. 
Jews have always been terrible people even before they migrated into Europe almost 2000 years ago. Funny how the ancient world hated the kikes and they did until recently because of how they naturally are but it's bad to be that way now. Even though they are flooding the west with their brain dead Arab cousins to kill white people. Get fucked you waste of space. 
Women usually don't have problems with finding sex partners, just fyi. I'm sure she's fine in that department if she chooses to be. 
Good for her, and good on you for being such a 'white knight'. Just because some 'people' don't want it to be fake, doesn't mean it's not. Like I originally stated before the nazi whore rudely attacked me for no reason, it sure seems like a false flag shooting event to me. No bodies, no crime. 
The community the shooter lived in was flooded in Somalian refugees. The neighborhood his ancestors likely built from the ground up was destroyed. If you Google "squirrel hill refugee" you will find the Jewish community bringing in and settling the "refugees". It was personal to him. 
2/As a matter of fact, if you look closely at who owns the fake news it will be easy to connect the dots at what's going on. Fact check the names and ethnicity (yes Jew is a racial group. Most reformed synagague are atheist and ethnicity is the only requirement) on this infographic. Enlarge it 
3/ That said, I wouldn't put it past the government to stage false flag attacks (we know they have in the past. But here, I don't see any evidence of it. 
No, America does Not deserve better. 50% of America are blithering, overweight fucksticks on government or grant incomes who couldn't decipher a Sudoku puzzle if their life depending on it. 
If your not from a different country get the fuck out anti American faggot your Jealous that America is better than the shit hole you live in. Eurofag 
Maybe the ones in the 'green' vests can go clean up the shit and needles on the sidewalks of Democrat-run cities. Notice that fat cunt in the front row wrapping the fucken Honduren flag around her waist, but this is not an invasion. Fuck them. Destroy them like rodents. 
Sick fuckin cunt 
Wow, you nailed that dyke 
So many Nigger memes and so little time. 
He's a libertarian so he reads (Walter block) (Murray rothbard) ( ayn rand) and Walter "everyone's nigger neighbor" Williams 
Has anyone else noticed how retarded the spelling apps get, regarding memory of frequently used words & phrases like "pedophile", "pedovore", "Hillary", "Massive Global Pedophilia Rings", etc? That's just more evidence of creepy, Nwo programming & attempted Mk-Ultra Mind Control, to bury the Truth. 
Are you a faggot or a bob-and-vagene? 
Funny coming from a guy convicted of being part of a terrorist organisation. The cunt did 5 years. 
Face is too smootyh t be a man look at the hips yet ahain another transgender 
Nawaz isn't that bad. He knows Islam is shit. Muhammad (piss be upon him) was a child molester, rapist, mass murderer and an Arab! Fuck these people. 
A jew cunt and a push-start runt. I see rope in their future. 
My record is clear: me no lubes Izreel. However, the only other time I have heard the term "apartheid state of Israel" was from that Code Pink Ariel Gold twat when she sprung it on (Ben Shapiro) last night. That doesn't put you in awesome company, nigger. 
I've gone toe to toe with code pink. I've been to many of the same rallies. You want to split hairs over some buzzword picked up by the neo-cucks. You are the nigger my friend. 
Maybe he can go back to sucking cocks for quarters for his nigger pimp dre. 
While trump has a set of smiling nigger businessmen in the oval office cheering his calls to end violence in the u. S. , forget how the monkeys stepped over the whites in memphis, jackson, etc with privileges granted by virtue of fossil genes and corrupt science 
Psychotic Cunt more likely. 
This post really brings it home to you what totally, utterly and embarrassingly retarded things the leftists have to come up with to keep the angry leftist intellectually stimulated. 
Sorry, no James. Susan Rice Michael and Sand Nigger Obama and Hillary Cunton are now on the board of directors. 
Every fucking one of you sand nigger pedophile psychopaths. 
He Is Saying THe Culture Is A Myth Not Rape! You Fucking Sjw Triggered Moron 
Helps da nigger man reads da font betters. 
Faggot 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
I was arrested for saying the word nigger in 1997, I was on private property in a garage and I said it to my friend. The beaner cop said it was using words most likely to provoke a fight, at the jail I was screaming Niger Nigger and the fact of the matter is, he stepped on my constitutional rights and the charge was changed to disorderly conduct. Bad cop, no donuts. 
When I was a kid it was a felony to say the F word to a cop or spit on him or threaten him. 
What a whimpering little bitch. He’s never fuck[ed] up fascist faces in his entire life. This little faggot would curl up in a fucking ball and cry if he ever stood in front of a real man. Hopefully his head gets caved in by a boot soon. 
Fuck off Faggot jackasses 
The only thing that would embarrass me is being a tranny and a fag. Also, I would probably be embarrassed if I took a look at myself and realized that I was trying to insert myself in groups I don't belong in and force my ideology and values on others like, for instance, games. I might also be embarrassed if I tried to silence people I disagree with. So, not embarrassed. 
He's a tranny faggot Just Like You Brianna! 
That Faggot Bastard Wouldn'T Try That On Rufio Panman 
Become Islamic you twat 
To be fair he was pretty faggy around the time of the leaks, thats exactly how he got caught. I dont think the gov had anything to do with this 
He got busted talking to some other faggot on some faggot site. If he didnt do that no one would have ever known who he was. 
Which European capital still has Europeans in it? Fine jews, nuke your central banks and the replacement populations that Israide has brought in. Jews are retarded, a race incapable of long term thought. This expulsion is will be from the earth if israel keeps this up. I just wanted them expelled to Madagascar, but this is so much better, what these retarded inbred jews are bringing upon themselves with the 47-chromosome tier decisions israel is making. Gn, goyim! 
"Lets genocide the race that built the society and tools in which we depend on to control the world". Said every parasitic jew, ever. 
Current residents of Madagascar are so stupid they won't notice. 
How much is it these days to have some faggot commie preach to me about the magical 50 gozillion genders? 
I try and sit down and watch something and sure enough niggers, more niggers and even more niggers. I try and change the channel and bamm more niggers. It is truly disgusting how they portray these beasts as being our equal. And the ones that shows the niggers being smart with new houses and such are even more disgusting. 
The only thing worse than a nigger is another fucking nigger 
What do you get when a nigger breeds with a kike? A White Californian. 
She's more than likely one of those very women that believe in the pound me too movement, women being objectified by men, and yet, they are the one's putting all out there on display! Can't get any more retarded than a female whore who doesn't want you objectifying her! 
We already knew this, but. Leftist women are the most hateful, childish, violent scum to walk the earth. Being a conservative woman, I am automatically called "a self-internalized misogynist" "a pumpkin" "a retarded blonde". My latest response, "Character defamation is not an argument. Keep an eye on those salt levels. " 
See I called him a faggot back and now he gets all teary. If reporting hurty feelings worked here he'd be on to @a like a ferret up your trouser leg. Just like the Left on Twitter lol 
Ark at it. He bangs on about how much he hates pedos. Would you save a Jewish child from a pedophile. Fucking wait for it should be in africa. Faggot can't say yes or no. Pedo 
Oi cunt you know nothing! You ignorant twat now fuck of you racist nonce 
Fuck that nigger demon Yahweh. Craw back up it's anus. Your source of origin. 
Fuck that sand nigger Dijin 
Ariel. At least he has one. Selling your twat for money is not a life. 
You need to be gassed, that would mute you forever you grandkid raping Jew faggot 
No Childporn Following Faggot Is Following Me You think it is cute to drool over hentai that renders a clearly underage child in a sexual manner? Displaying a child's vagina? Fuck You, You DIsGUSTING Freak 
Gov Cuomo Defends Move That Allows Convicted Sex Offenders To Vote At Schools 
This is a retarded cunt 
Rigger. Royal Nigger 
Boo Hoo! I found the unethical attorney and her perjury committing, lying cunt client to be very hurtful 
Your not a noob like this guy we might like you! Lmfao chettoes Dick faggot democrats! 
At least it's the retards who explain retarded stuff. 
California has had hundreds of guns stolen from cops before, just like the singular story Trump covered of the wetback killing a woman on a pier. Ca cops lost 944 guns from 2010-2016 
Says she had been to 10 Fraternity "Rape Parties". & . Wait A Second. What Stupid Cunt Goes To 10 Fucking "Rape Parties? ". No Wonder The Dems Are Running Away From This Cunt! 
>do a flip, faggot 
Fuck off, retarded feminist morons. 
Another absolutley retarded thing this guy says is that laws like private property will be respected in a nation of atoms. What power does the atom have ensure his rights are enforced? It is only with collectivism that you have protection from outside threats. Everything else is a pipedream. 
Dead Coppers R Good Copers Really Scum Muslim Coppers. Then The City Hid This Evidence! Time To Kill TheM All 
Great lie you faggot piece of sh*t jew. We have been receiving your trannie porn, your poo porn, because you don't want the truth to be known about evil degenerate Satan worshipping jews 
Ah faggot hoe very liberal if you. If you acted like a fucking grown-up we wouldn’t have a problem here I’m guessing your white brothers are mostly inbred. Thanks for showing your true genius 
Ovomit the half nigger muzzie faggot and warren aka Fauxcahontas. Hahahahahaha 
Guys, Sargon is right: needs to come back. We've got to meme it to the White House until Trump tweets about it! Tell your friends. This is it. GamerGate 2. 0 has arrived. Ps: pls dont call me a faggot and laugh at me this is important 
Faggot haha 
The cunt will never be president. We the People will make sure of that. 
I wonder what it feels like being the token nigger that opens every advert on T. V. In the Islamic Republic of the once Great Britain. 
You do know there's a link to beating your kids and them growing up to be violent to their wifes and shit right? But what do I know, I'm just a retarded liberal that worships Gandhi 
Yeah I saw that one with the nigger waifu and white cucksband. 
I would love to find the german historic etymology I saw on facebook about this folk lure boogie man goblin thing that gathered children in his faggot bag for some reason hahaha 
Queer Mohammedan obama executive order to not discriminate against insane psycho queer transgender. Is Mohammedan obama Jewish? Queer nigger Mohammedan obama is not Jewish 
It should say Cunt instead! 
In fact, we can easily look because their income is posted online. Under your retarded fiscal outline, all 566K jobs would be lost as the whole business would fold 
Raghead pig. Move to Iran. 
What I like about Robert Bower’s action is that jews will attack Trump, this series of attacks will red-pill huge numbers of his half-awoke followers. The stupid jew will cut down the tree, rip-saw the planks, fashion the shape and forge the nails to make their own coffins. Let the jew dig his own grave in wailing at Trump. That is what using the the Heß Doctrines does, it facilitates the jew in his own destructive nature and ways. Hh 
Only a full-blown retard could equate the two. That damns you and it means I am wasting my time with you, you’ve already had too much of my time and so you will gain no more responses from me. You may fill in your own blanks from now on. Please consider poison as a means for you to curl up and die as it’s usually painful and that will be most satisfying for me and humanity. All good? Bye just now! 
Capture this cunt and drop her in the middle of Saudi Arabia. 
Twat! 
U ever notice The Simpsons has lots of dumb drunk fat lazy stupid White stereotypes and hillbilly toothless White stereotypes and evil racist sinister rich White stereotyped but not one negative nigger stereotypes the only nigger evrybody remembers is the Dr i cant even watch The Simpsons without getting mad lol 
Ok here I will make it easy even for a retard like you, what makes you think I am a boomer? 
Her disloyalty to America is legendary. What a despicable Cunt 
Sure did but I see the best part of you ran out your mother cunt ran down her leg 
Quit Shoving Shit Up Your Ass Retard That'S Not How A Sphincter Works 
Serbs and Greeks are White, and there is nothing any creepy nordicist can do about it. Our genetics is White, our culture is White. Deal with it, or not. Your problem, not ours. We are White and we shall remain White, and with the pace North and West of Europe is swarmed by niggers and moslems, we might as well be the only Europe remaining in not so distant future 
"North and West of Europe is swarmed by niggers and moslems" Of course, a chetnik wouldn't be a chetnik without a completely undeserved sense of superiority. Serbia is chock full of gypsies. Good on them for burning the American embassy, but come on. It's a filthy little crime state which melds the worst sides of western consumerism and bleak eastern decay. 
'' Serbia is chock full of gypsies '' Gypsies are 2% of population in Serbia. You mad, bro because Miss Croatia in 2017 was a jungle monster nigger? Here is Miss Serbia 2017. Beautiful Serb. Not Gypsy, and no freaking nigger Lol. 
Boycott Any Nigger Superman 
There is no doubt she's a nigger lover. 
Titanic, if you did fuck a nigger, you're a miscegenational menace and should be tossed out of America, if not worse. Be proud of defiling your race. It'll be such fine comedy when we bring you to the gallows and invite you to repent of your crimes. "I had a right! " Nope. 
Still going then. 
Aye ) 
Still making these desperate, flailing attempts to deny the obvious, virulent anti-White hatred that you share with your antifa buddies? Oy vey you're pretty easily triggered, aren't you? Then again, most shitlibs/ anti-Whites are. 
34 votes in my poll now and 97% white folk laddy. As I told you Gab is very white and most of my followers are white folk here. You are confusing me being anti-you with being anti-white. Now go and flush your head again lol 
Antifa: "B-b-b-but we don't hate White people - we hate "racists" and "fascists! " "Cater": "B-b-b-but I don't hate White people - I hate "racists" and "nazis! " Yep. Totally different. Uh huh. Your continued inability to resist the compulsion to publicly exhibit your love of feces is again noted. 
Nailed it! I am sick of telling a bunch of faggot traitors Scotland is run by Jews. 
: raubt aus Staseve Aktuell 
Nigger war wohl gemeint? 
Can we just start killing these antifa terrorist faggots and be done with them? Wtf 
I can still protect myself from a Fuckin skinny jeans faggot with my bear hands! 
Can't wait for the little half breed to get shit out of that nigger slag. I hope it's a genetic throwback and comes out dark as a piece of coal! Fucking niggers can bleach their skin and straighten their hair, dye it and add weaves to look more white but when the Dna hits the fan, their Real color comes out! 
Commie Pinko Corrupt Sjw Cunt! 
Gay date hit with a pipe over his head. Nothing on race of faggot victim. Hopefully not a white turd pusher looking for an adventure up a negro rectum. Killeen: Meet-up arranged through Grindr app ends badly 
That wasn't a pipe, , , that was a niggerdick. 
Nothing about it being a "hate crime" is that handle reserved just for whitey. 
Crack dyke 
Kill yourself faggot 
You don't have to actually be retarded to believe this. Oh wait yes you do 
Heard this faggot voted for Bernie. This is surreal. Lol 
Trump is in the jews' pocket 
Retard you faggots say every last person is a Jew or working covertly for jews. You folks are more annoying than the leftists calling evy one nazis. You folks are peas in a pod 
'' Nordic genes are among the best in the world '' And, also, it is sad that you feel inferior to someone else who is your equal. Nordic genes are not better than yours, or mine. They are better than nigger and paki genes, that is true but then your and mine are also better than nigger and paki genes. Among Europeans, Nords are not better, they are not worse. 
Faggot 
If you are White then you have no business believing in the Jewish faggot man/god. Christian churches are helping the Jews import millions of Muslims and nignogs into the West. Idiot evangelicals want WW3. Behold the fool John Hagee. 
The potato nigger grabbed his shorts, and the fence as well. 
It's the current year, and some whiggers don't know what a potato nigger is. 
And the point is? Jews have brown pets they hate whites 
Oh no. They are African. They have the same skin tone Indians are what happens when you run out of cream. Kind of like the black Irish forced to fuck niggers. 
You have an ugly mutant nigger with a lower Iq 
And in a Nigger marriage there is a bucket of Kfc in the corner along with a pack of Kool crush and a two liter of grape soda 
Eat shit faggot 
"Under your retarded fiscal outline" I haven't presented one, but since you're a brainwashed simpleton, it's not surprising that you imagine I did 
Another dumb nigger bitch 
Blacks were easy prey for the left deep state to harvest? 
This senile, corrupt, lying, old drunken twat is in charge of the Eu. 
Not only does john kasich pee sitting down, when he’s done he lifts the seat back up for his nigger bf 
John Kasich no solo se sienta, sino que, cuando termina, levanta el asiento para recoger a su negro 
Normally I don’t watch that little cocksucker Shepherd Smith on a Fox at noon but I will today just to see his faggoty liberal tears. 
A Faggot He Truly Is. 
If that pic doesn't make you want to punch a cunt in throat nothing will 
Fucking dumb cunt infected with syphilis and crabs 
Stop flirting with me! I found Gab partially due to Paul Joseph Watson. Im 23 and far more keenly aware of what men like than you could hope to be. Its ok if you like anime. Its ok if youve a small penis. All im saying yer a sick fuck if you like seeing young girls raped by alien tentacles and weird monsters. Im also saying yer a silly boy and ive about 1200 followers in 3 months who can attest that im extremely right wing. Finally my statement in the group was not aimed at one person but towards Japanese in general, and emotionally retarded older white guys specifically. You attacked me personally instead of the argument in my post. This is actually right out of the Sjw playbook, snowflake. 
Jesus wasn't a Jew. You're theologically retarded to believe so. 
Coming from this faggot Flake Dc 202-224-4521. He Is Out! 
"the useless faggot attempting to hijack the Npc meme to promote the meme Hiv Jesus Christ, the loser failure pussy who died like a pitiful scumbag without a fight, which is what the real life small time Charlie Manson who got flogged and nailed up was. Christ is death. Fight. " This nutjob rant is why you're crazy. If you had just said "Jesus is dead" that would have been a mentally sane response. 
Oh yeah, tone it down, guy. Don't be extreme. You fucking faggot. Now is the time for a hatred never before seen on this planet. I hate that will scorch the world. 
On planet fag. 
Everyone I disagree with is a faggot. Seems like anger issues. Mommy didn’t give him enough hugs or he wasn’t breast fed? Anger is such a huge waste. It takes me little time to block people with no understanding of Christ’s teachings. The path isn’t easy. There’s always some deep seated anger in their souls. As it was in the days of Noah. 
No, just you Jesus homo fag gaywads. 
Paedophile prophet loving cunt 
That quantum physics quote is perhaps even more retarded than the clown. 
Yea so Stop fucking being Sooooo Pathetic trying to take credit for Trump’s Economy Obummer. You Suck. You’re a Traitor. You are a dirty Muzzie. You were Never My President because you’re Not Even An AMERICAn! Nobody believes you. Nobody likes you. 
Why do people even listen to this retarded mentally ill fool? 
Why do they put these retarded overweight women on the view all the time. Oh, right, their audience is retarded overweight women. 
If anyone is inbred it's you ugly, borderline retarded jews. 
I would call that a nigger high school. They aren't black they are niggers. Real black people have class and would never lower themselves to that behavior. 
This uglier than shit, lying cunt needed a second front door because she had google interns staying there and the second door was for them 
Numbers don't lie. The nigger is unable to control its animalistic impulses. The nigger has always been a threat to our White women. 
Grandma 1 - Fairy Gay Faggot 0 
Well if dyke Murkowski is too weak to withstand the threats of a almost 90-year-old hag, she should resign now. 
This is what Swedes endorse. This is what pagans endorse. Proof that your gods don't exist. Fuck Sweden! Fuck paganism! Take the mark of the beast! (I bet you actually would too, just to rebel against the "kike god") 
Yes that is the Devil's mark, the jew 
Stop it please with your sand nigger we was joosensheeit 
Stupid globalist cunt 
People should over piss taking cunt alec Baldwin and pedos cunt a Hillary Clinton gang should all should be short dead 
Beto drew "big crowds" in Austin, not Texas. Austin is the faggot blue center of a very red state Always has been. They once called themselves, "The Lesbian Capital of the Country" and pride themselves on being "weird" which, now, just means hypocriticaly arrogant and smug with high taxes. O'Rourke doesn't have a prayer to beat the Zodiac Killer. 
Test 3 for censorship: Oh this I'll believe. You fucking cunt kike bitch, you think it's cute to mock us as "brave" when we can't even defend ourselves without catching an Adl inspired Federal case in prison for 10-20 years for self defense? Do you know what's going to happen to you once we don't have to fear this anymorekeep fucking talking jew 
Have the courage of your *convictions* faggot. You take a steaming dump in my timeline and when I challenge you to back it up you literally pull the "I made you angry I win the debate? ". Perhaps the most faggots homo thing ever. But sure faggot you *Are* a real boy! 
Just curious. How many of you lovely ladies get retarded DMs from men that have jack shit to say but try to initiate lame bantz Bs? Attention, dear newly arrived gentlemen. We arent awaiting your rescue or dick. Please behave accordingly. Thank you. 
Damn nigger i didn't know you were a nazi. 14/88 
Another carpet munching dyke that wishes she had real sex. 
So sad seeing white ethnomasochists listen to and even dance to nigger music. 
Trump’s a retard and the people that follow him are retarded sheep. 
No you gap toothed cunt it's because of nato there are no wars in Europe 
Black women are retarded 
This is belonging advert. All very nice indeed, esp the muzzy bit! I was thinking, when that cunt want, s to drop to his knee, s n pray! In the middle of a firefight, when the shit is real & chunk, s of ground flying through the air to the whiz of bullit, s and screams of your mates! Do, es every1 just say hang on a minute chap, s. While Abdul finish, s. Or what 
Hey but it's ok for jews to make fun and belittle whites as if they were retarded inbred hicks. They basically do it all the time. 
Rotflmao. Has This Bitch Looked In A Mirror Lately? Beside, you hear 99. 99% blacks using that word then white people. 
No. /r/The_Donald is genuinely offended by the word nigger no matter what context it is used in. /r/The_Donald is a little slow to catch on. Murdoch has been trying to teach him for a long time that no amount of appeasing will ever stop the double standards and excuses, but /r/The_Donald just doesn't seem to have the mental fortitude to accept it. 
And then the people they are talking about double down on the retarded 
It's amazing how quickly the retard puritan-fags have started to deem any picture with a child-like character as "obscene". 
"It" is an iranian chimpanzee 
But obamasshole is a communist muslum faggot and she is a communist muslum dyke. Both corrupt through and through. Then she worked for killary. Another verrry corrupt commie dyke Are you starting to see the big picture? 
Man who helps she-boon gets a blast of nigger gratitude in the face from boon's grand-apes. Posthumous lesson: never help a nigger. Let them rot. 
Nigger lemon head. Who cares? Lol 
Pocahontas is just a dumb cunt 
No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2. 0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros 
Who needs photoshop with all the nigger lovers in the world. 
I can't tell if that's a nigger or a kikess. 
She's a Jewess. Do a Google image search. 
>And who is this faggot anyway? 
A useless and mad jew that lives on taxpayer money. 
No jew! He insulted Elizabeth Warren, not the Cherokee Nation and I don't even like Trump because the Left and Right wings are two wings of the same jew bird of prey. Reject both! 
Was that the Syrian flag. My bad, however I don't trust Assad or any politician in this jew world order system. 
Agreed actually these 2 had a discord link I cropped off. Don't trust discord. 
Bullshit. I didn't see a single Jewish star on a vehicle in the Cbc video. If there is message me back with the time on the video. And by the way, both the muzzie hugging Canadian media and that refugee hugging "freelance journalist" can bite all the collective asses of the American taxpayers. 
Imagine having that many more niggers to support. Fuck that 
Ok faggot ass nigger lover. You want millions of extra niggers move to africa 
Awesome! I hope the suicide goes wrong, and this degenerate lowlife is left a retarded cripple, shitting themselves for the rest of their pathetic life. 
I don't accept this race mixing nigger in my gab community. 
Mudsharks just never learn. 
. Like vbox for example is another one that tends to screw things up a bit if it messes up on install or if you upgrade the kernel after installing it. (sometimes) It's best to Try using the apt, sometimes you don't have a choice (if you have to mod the driver for the kernel, which I've had to do twice. It's a freakin' retarded pain sometimes, even with some exp. 
Did your wife's nigger son teach you the word "Neophyte"? It seems to be another one of those "big words" that you clearly do not understand how to use 
Faggot 
Count me as a mortal enemy then, you ancient dried up cunt 
What a dumb fucking question I'm not here to entertain the converted and I'm not here so you can keep nodding your head unironically to hippedy hop music. Faggot nigger. 
Vote In The Midterms! Get The Democrats And RInOS Out So We Can Get The Wall Built! 
Nationalism is taxpayers not wanting to pay $8000 a month per Somali on Aids meds, 1/2 a million on per wetback with Tb, & having little white girls raped to death by shitskins. Also less 5 day old collapsed bridges built by Obama's 2015 Champion Of Change 
Yep, because of christianity, even pagans, white men are some of the thirtiest assholes on the planet They're ok with killing jews, but loose their shit if you criticise their white whores White women are some of the most degenerate women, on the entire planet Theyre literally walking stds, with radioactive shitty personalities. But muh princess 
This is retarded 
Nope, def don't like Tom of Finland either, sick faggot 
If only you hatred Jews this much for what they’ve done to the West. Have you even tried to understand the positions of the Far Right? Of course not. Youre just another faggot Cuckservative with Stockholm syndrome. 
Thats dysgenic, like paying for nigger babies but subsidizing birth control for whites. Pay nigger women 10k to get sterelized, they aint thinking of the future and its cheaper than paying for the care/welfare in under a year 
Who says I do? Simply unmasking muzzie trolls 
"Only 44% of Italians would now vote to Remain in Eu" Only? That means 44% of Italy's population is already composed of a mix of Muslims and mentally retarded white natives. Solution: everyone in Europe who votes to remain in Eu should be deported to Mideast, there they can realise the very agenda Eu exists for, to create a mixed race in an area they call Eurabia. 
Well, looks like a nigger to me. 
Not around here dick breath. Besides asshole the meme was about a muzzie nigger saying he was superior. I don't and will not tolerate that shit. 
Once again I log on and these fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches are posting tranny porn in my timeline/ Isn't Gab banning these bloody faggots via Ip address, @a @e? 
I do that and I still get hit with the fairy gay faggot shit. 
When the Truth is spoken, the Jew does not like it! The Truth makes it a Fact that Jews are Liars, Murderers, and Theives! Patently Retarded also! 
How cute, once again the popo want's regular Joe's to do their work for them. What are they gonna do once they find the Basketball America, wave their fingers at him and tell him that he is a bad person for doing bad things. With how good their "police work" has been lately, they might as well be assaulted by the nigger as well. 
In what bizzarro universe is this retarded liberal fuck considered conservative? 
Nigger pahleez! 
How many Globies here will prove they are Globe Earth Dummies after reading this meme? Please take your time and do the math with a Earth Curvature Chart, so not to incriminate yourself. I did, and I’m no dummy. You might find a difference in a few feet, but not thousands of feet. Please do the math with common sense and don't feel bad; many intellectual people are Globe Earth dummies, too. We all were once brainwashed with this fake crap. 
The conspiracy theorists who still believe the earth is a globe never ever look at Facts. Exactly how does anyone ever believe the government? 
Are you really a retarded Jew? As is obvious all JewS are absolutely bilthering idiots. You must be a Jew! 
Jews except for a very few are all programmed morons like yourself. You just are very similar to a normal Jew as are you are Extremely Retarded. 
You argue like an 8 year old 
Ah, you describe yourself well! But you have the cognition of more like a 2 year old. You are not even close to an 8 year old. 2 year old or like a Jew, same difference. 
Sounds like a right twat Bernard. British too by the look of it. Left wing benefit's bandit quite likely lol 
Balls. Stop Being A Faggot Weakling. I Want The Commie Vermin Removed From Existence. 
Little nazi faggot can't take what he dishes out. Maybe if you weren't always fucking with other people, them other people would leave you alone? Is that too complicated for your retarded ass to figure out? 
I agree, I think it's the only thing I agree with them on. Charles is a twat and then the kardashian type youngers. Fuck em off 
Probably a nigger 
Another retard destined for the mute list. 
Jew cunt alert in Dallas. 
Retard! Isn't it assault to throw things at ppl? Young white boys are so faggot filled. Go get 'em Alex! 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Fuck off you turbo kike! Didn’t we blast your pedo ass off this platform not too long ago for all your scat porn. Are you ready for part 2? 
Gay anti-american Nazi! I bet you voted for Hillary in the last election, because she promised you all that free Shit! You Are Just Jealous Of How Great We Are At Business! Jews Are Some Of The Best Leaders And BusinessMEN! Don't you know that Ivanka Trump the Genius is jewish? Crazy conspiracy theorist! 
Filthy kike! 
Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist. Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews. If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously. There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior. Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded. Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think. Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking. Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident. They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control. They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat. They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down. Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being. They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support. This will stump them and they will not have a response. Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit. This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
What sort of retarded question is that? 
That flat earth idiocy is great for finding trolls. Speak up if you're one of those assholes. Go ahead and leave a retard flat earth comment. 
The earth isn't flat, that's just retarded. It's round and hollow. There's cities down there ya know, with ten foot tall white people in them. Aryan/Alien, coincidence? I think notP 
So I got my account Banned by Twitter for this (After he was on Late Night Tv and Called Trump "Putin's c*ck holster", Yet Kathy Griffin can go on tirades like this. 
It is not over yet, maybe that lesbian cunt has yelped a bit too early 
I hope this Cunt chokes on a bag of dicks! 
Yup. Faggot Shepard Smith Is Already At It. 
As I go to bed the faggot nazi gets brave. Good night goy toy ) 
The American right has reached peak levels of self delusion. Just look at the hashtag on twitter - it's 99% boomers, bots, and astroturfing. Nobody is joining your shitty Jewish party, you cucks. "Based niggers" aren't a thing and will never be. The Gop hasn't won any new black supporters since 2016, and paradoxically, Kanye has made things worse. 
I still fail to see how the party with less jew money, less jew representatives, is the jew party. Granted they desperately try to virtue signal to jews who hate them, but how are the less jewed them dems again? 
I didn't say they were less Jewish. Their lack of Jew representation makes their cucking even more contemptible. Sycophancy on behalf of a people who abhor their existence and think of them as less than human (source: Talmud. You can compare Obama to God Emperor - Obama actually criticized Netanyahu and passed the Iran Deal. What did Trump campaign on? 
Jews hate right wing nationalist movements, love the communists, gop is heading for which again? 
They fund both sides, my guy. Who receives (Sheldon Adelson's) donations? Trump has pimped out his own daughter to a criminal Jewish family. Also I cannot think of a greater friend to the democratic socialists than an incompetent traitor party like the Gop. Thinking white Americans have nobody left to vote for. 
Faggot cock sucker, democrats are basically antifa, the republican base is becoming more and more nationalist, All politics is local, get your white ass out to primaries where white agency makes a massive difference. Jewish money is fleeing the gop, being replaced by small time donations Tell me more about how we should let the jews have both parties 
They're not growing "more nationalist". Where is the proof? Trump's Doj is persecuting nationalists who defended themselves against antifa in Charlottesville. And they will never grow nationalist as long as you retards think that traitors are "our guy" and Trump is god emperor 
Trumps doj isn't the republican base who gleefully talk about running antifa over. State governments passing laws to allow us to run over protestors yea, that's just cuckery amirite. Fag proud boys knocking out commies etc 
Trump hired both Sessions and (Rosenstein) who run the Doj. The former is a useless cuck who prosecutes our people, the latter is a traitor kike who started the Mueller investigation. Again, who hired these people? G-E himself. Sit your ass down. 
Sessions recused like a faggot on anything clinton related, rosenstien refused which is great optics for jq redpilling. Sessions came up with family separations and fixed the admin judges letting illegals stay. Rosenstien is running show on Cville charges 
This nigger is wearing his blinders and posted the wrong wall. This is the wall that's been promised by the last few Israeli Governors and it was built to safeguard Israel. That's the American tax dollars at work. 
Without a deadly hatred for that which threatens those we love, the word love is just an empty catchphrase for hippies, queers and cowards. - George Lincoln Rockwell 
1-descendants of europe just spent a century bonded together in usa building the greatest kingdom earths history, all the while conducting ourselves In A More Civilized Manner Than Any Other Nation On Earth! Now some how in thee insane idiot nigger mind The Most Civilized People On Earth are earths biggest problem, Wtf! 
Yea cause you fucked up their sand nigger shit, i would be pissed off to 
Yea, I know the feeling, I am banned/quit Twatter/Fb, I wish I could reply, But I can't. They need a mental retard check. 
Retard 
Antifa recruited homeless nigger crackheads for their protest. 
Here's an answer to that faggot kike. Because eventually someone will get pushed too hard after being doxxed and then blow up or shoot up a packed synagogue full of kikes. I bet that's exactly what this kikesss wants to keep up with the jewish victim mentality. 
You Nazis need to be educated! John 2: 15 John 8: 44 Revelations 2: 9 these passages talk about how God hates Nazis! Tell all your Democrat and Labor voting friends! And stop being Jealous of better businessmen! 
You are a textbook case of Retarded Socialism! You are a Globalist Israel-Hating Democrat! 
>calling ethnic nationalists "globalists" Did you take stupid pills this morning? 
Crying Nazi! Lmao! You're just mad because you just got Owned! Go back to communism you Nazi! 
You are retarded 
Retarded justice system. 
Stop voting that faggot muslum cockroach dick licker into office! 
As far as Im concerned its a few outlier members who are going off the reservation giving this group too good of a public image, Gavin himself is an insufferable faggot and the Proud Boys is literally a homosexual meetup club that stands for letting niggers out of prisons, giving them guns and letting them take Pcp. 
I agree with everything he said cept the drug one. I would just add a few more very important rules. The fag thing he went too far though and i dont bother speaking about the guy cause it starts and ends right there usually. Somewhat basic bitch libertarian rant anyway though 
Look all sand nigger to me ok 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
To answer your question - yes you are a stupid fool. And now I see you are a faggot to boot. Not surprised. 
Normal men (97% or so) are sexually aroused by women. Men that are sexually attracted to men are born that way = genetic. Only a faggot gets a hard on looking at men/boys. Have to be born that way. Sure faggots that adopt little boys to molest them can turn them faggot against their nature. 
Identical twins studies proved nothing of the sort. Stupid christ-insanity perverts promote that lie. News flash - "Identical twins" are Not identical in all ways retard. Different personalities, Iq, tastes etc. Google what term means. Faggots can't be fixed anymore than u can turn a nigger White. Can be helped to control their innate faggot urges. 
How many of you think people on the Left are also making the same retarded excuse we do for our psychos: We don't really mean this shit, it's just what triggers the other side? All the while knowing many of them could not be more serious, because people are retarded? 
This faggot already has a go fund me page set up by some libshit 
Yep, be sure to vote for more cheap brown labor and broken promises. Every single vote cuck retard should off himself. 
Or maybe think of an argument instead of constantly repeating the same phrase like the brain dead autistic retard that you are? Oh, wait, you can't, because you don't have one. 
You let the Jews run your country, you let the nigger animals in. This is your reward. 
If this is the faggot hairstylist with blue hair and 2 lip rings. Hes been charged and arraigned already. Turns out he has done this before 
Faggot on the left. Acorn on the right 
The primary reason is she’s an evil cunt 
Another loud mouthed nigger bitch, it needs knocked in it's head 
This faggot Pope could be assassinated by anyone, and the people he's trying to appeal to would cheer and applaud it 
You really need to do your homework. Bag lady is the most racist cunt on the planet. 
Nigger 
And that nigger promised to get paid by us for reparations 
Why? Cuz they're racist? I'm openly racist, I live in Dc and my face is out there (you can verify this with minimum effort if you wish to check for yourself. We don't have representatives here in Dc but I do have a non voting delegate. She's a nigger named Elenor Holmes Norton and like all of our nigger politicians, she's retarded. 
Fuck those sand nigger fucks all of them 
She's pregnant with a mulatto. Red-haired. One black eye. One blue 
She's half black. A nigger in the royal woodpile 
That time when all the retarded nazis on gab thought hitler and the nazis were right wing conservatives. See's how they dropped a lot of the nazi logos. But we still see you cult commies pretending to be patriots. 
I got locked outa twatter, , for telling bette midler she was a white nigger after her 'nigger' comments 
Fuck This Racist Jewish Cunt Who Said She'S Looking For To The Deaths Of All White People! 
Good Put That Faggot Bitch In Jail 
Why is this cunt still Alive? 
Owen breaks down why he called out Jordan Peterson. Fyi Jp is a Larp imo a book smart life retard kinda guy 
It's all in vain, the education war is won. The youth are radicalized. Nobody will ever believe the mainstream media, watch the Nfl, or see the corrupt Fbi as anything other than an enemy of America ever again. You can kill, defame or imprison everyone and this liberal Jewish order is still going down. 
Ryan is Soros’s bitch boy nigger slave. 
I can only hope that Ryan has a cell near 0bama so that they can plot their escape together. And each one will stab the other in the groin. 
Normally I disagree with many of the decisions @a makes, but cleaning up the cartoon pedo faggot porn isn't one of them. 
I think he's just a little faggot running his cock locker on the internet, but still. 
The more handouts/drugs they give to the homeless, the more homeless they are going to have and the more money they will need from these "rich" businesses, and the more these "rich" businesses are going to go somewhere else. Even a retard can figure this out. 
Who the hell wants to live in a nigger shit hole? Do you dopey old bag? 
Glad to see that has bravely resisted the purity spiral, and broken free of the ideological echo chamber of the pro-White movement. In this piece, he courageously puts forth a plan for White survival. Specifically, that Daily Stormer readers should purchase White eggs, fertilize them in a laboratory, and insert the fertilized eggs into the low end Asian whores they've been fucking. Genius. 
I'm not lying. I do an open phones radio show where literally anyone can ask me anything. You're a fucking bitch who will never accomplish anything, so you run around tone policing nationalists on Gab. It's nigger tier behavior and you should be ashamed of yourself. 
"t's not a religion. It's a tribalistic, supremacist race with an insular culture that relies on dividing its host on order to survive. " What you are describing is a the filthy despicable Jew Pigs! Jews are subversive Liars and whatever they accuse others of they are guilty! Jews are parasitical cancer and have been expelled from 1030 countries for a Reason! Do you still belive the Holohoax like this Retard Jay? Jews are Scum and you are a brainwashed Retard! 
Quite appropriate name for my city. Our murder rate is higher than that of New York's, yet we have a fraction of the population. All murders perpetrated by our Nigger population. 
Can't get much more retarded than a marijuana prohibitionist who embraces pubs as a core aspect of culture. Can't get much more retarded than that. 
If you are opposed to cannabis legalization, it's true that you're already retarded. But if you are opposed to cannabis legalization And you drink a single goddamn drop of alcohol, or accept it is 'just part of the culture', then that is just about as retarded as any human being can ever be (without being required to wear a mandatory helmet) 
Listening to the lyrics of songs gives you an idea of how retarded a lot of them are. And these retarded songs give people checks bigger than 10 years worth of work for the majority of whites. 
You are retarded for real. This is South America, which is Catholic some 500 years now. Catholic church is such a ''civilization builder'' Clap clap clap 
White people don't care what side some arm of one of the semitic religions is on, we'd just like u to go back home to the desert and fight there, we have enough problems with out yours 
To the idiots who sent this retarded mess who’s allowed to keep living and breathing on U. S. Soil. You need to be shot. Just send this idiot back to where she came from. I need a donation page to collect donations for therapy just reading about idiots like this 
She’S Done=> Red State Dem Senator Heidi Heitkamp to Vote No on Kavanaugh Well this hag isn't getting reelected Seriously though, fuck these people, there isn't a single shred of evidence Kavanaugh did Anything wrong 
Stupid cunt 
Cher Is A DIsEASED Fat Lip Whore That Likes Big Long Fat Boy Cock She Is Cheap Trick Trash That Hates Her Daughter And Hates HerSELF Lmfao Whore Dna Skank 
Any white women still on the communist left are fucking retarded 
If police is not going to arrest those faggots, you need to make sure Portland's police chief head rolls like a bowling ball. I dont live there so there is nothing I can do but you can. Take that cunt down! 
Wrong. The Nazis were Good Men that would have Shot these low life nigger lover democrats. Idiot Twat. 
Nigger you can swear here. Jesus fucking Christ. 
That's just all kinds of fucked up. Serial killing cunt is funding the Communist Party with baby parts and proud of it. 
Go suck a cock faggot 
Tatverdächtig = in dubio pro Nigger 
Too experienced to be triggered over a post from a faggot fuck like you. Any generation that despises their elders ( like You Do ) is a generation that needs to be ( and will be ) sidelined like the worthless trash that they are. 
Just another loudmouthed cunt who should be in the kitchen. 
Imagine my surprise when I found this Twat Begging for Bucks. Her books are highly rated also 2. 5 on a 5 point scale, ha! 
I mean it takes about 15 seconds to google him and find out he’s a nigger loving fraud, and even immature teenagers are capable of seeing that. 
Black History Month on. In the jungle, in a Wakanda like paradise, the slow runners are caught by whitey. The fast runners go on to invent stuff like. Tumbleweed across screen. Meanwhile in the Uk and Us, nig nogs invent drug dealing, mugging and pimping hoes an' bitches (Tm. Oh pluq, music I forgot music. 
You forgot crack babies. The nigger also invented crack babies. 
Hillary Clinton snipes at Theresa May’s Tories: ‘A long way from the party of Churchill and Thatcher’ The Old Dyke Must Be Getting Ready To Make A Run Again In 2020. 
I know ill be called a jew, but it seems to me, that medicaid is the only option. For all whites who are eligible, i suggest you get it. Otherwise, you are to be extorted or just die, wo coverage. Ironic isnt it? Something intended to level the playing field actually did the inverse. We're the nigger now. 
Loopy cunt 
Lol, stupid nigger likes to go online. 
Lynch the cunt 
These pig turds were punching a Dude and his Girlfriend tried to protect him. Fuck's sake Brit guys, you are so cucked and passive these days that you need your girlfriends to protect you from pencilneck retard Muzzies (or Any other dork, for that matter. Hit Back Goddamnit! Stand up for Yourselves. It is past time. No more mambypamby sissyassed passivity waiting for Big Brother to come along and save you. Protect Yourselves! A man shouldn't have to explain this shit to other "men". 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. 
Fuck off anti white retard 
A nigger in a maga hat is still a nigger and what does kanye even do he bounces around like a retarded orangutan talking and chanting into a mic with a bunch of shitty noise blasting and whores twerking and niggers nigging and millions of niggers waste their money on him it’s not like he’s a fucking prodigy who invented something or a talented artist creating lasting objects of value he can rhyme, so that takes a 5 yr olds brain power and he can get a boner for that disgusting mudshark and her hippo ass and thats the extent of his ability so who gives a flying rat shit what that stupid nigger says just get him out of the Oval Office 
Xd Nigger niggER Nigger NNigger Nigger Hahahahah Im So Funny Im 13 Btw pls Like My Posts And Orbit Me im Not Like The OTheR Girls 
One thing that is soooooooooooo disappointing is, that "one" bomb did Not go off. And separate us from one particular retarded piece-of-shit asshole! 
Looks like it was muzzie owned and operated. It just disintegrated, probably welded together in a chop shop. Somethings not right there. 
Camp load of upstate muzzie jihadi's on a field trip 
Employment for 576 Muzzie Virgins. 
Allied assholes and baboon butt faggot jews can fuck off and die 
There is no way in Hell I would give Brenda Snipes 12 days to find my Ballot and toss it out. She was caught doing that to 150K ballots in 2016 and got a pass for it. I'm going to the Poll on November 6th to stump against that filthy Liberal Cunt Debbie Wasserman Shultz and try to get our Republican Strawman candidate elected against his wishes. As that sorry bastards has been more Awol than Jeff Sessions on the campaign trail this election season. Dws has to go, I hope we can hang the Gop candidate and get him out early with a provision vote after he's locked up for being as crooked as he Must be. I'm fighting the biggest corrupt political system in the Country The Broward County Elections. I will stare them down with stink eye on election day. 
Fuck you. Jews are opening our borders to foreign invaders you faggot because of that, a million white girls in Britain have been raped we have lost cities to Muslims they are Emptying the 3rd world and bringing them into the West 
Great thing there is No liberal twat to waste the water, food and $$$! Also these are typically conservatives so they will pitch in and get things running again. No hidden evil agenda. Are you watching Pr? 
Poor Alyssa, so old and fat now you can't make sex tapes anymore? So Stfu and pay your taxes, you useless twat 
That is the most retarded chart I've seen all year thanks for the laughs 
Ha, discovered you don't like about yourself, Joey? 
Har har, i only dislike Jews, Liars and Good-Goyim. Which are you? 
"John James is ahead because he is a good man with the best intentions for us Michiganders. " Commit suicide you brain dead nigger lover. 
Get off your knees, white man, and stand up for your race. #Q 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Vaccines are literal jew poison. The chemicals like mercury, aluminum and many others heat the childs brain causing a massive immune system crash. Read the ingredients then ask yourself if you would let your kids eat any of them. Then ask yourself then why am I injecting them into their brain. 
The people who are brain-washed on these issues are like zombies. There's no talking to them. They deny the validity of any and all proofs that do not support their brain washing and programming. Insanely enough, most of them are the same people who claim they do not trust the government or Big Pharm. 
Nigger is because we need to keep all filth under the same name. 
No - we need a wide solution to the moslem problem & personally, I think we are way past any peaceful solution Whites need to get out of moslem areas now so they can be liquidated in future 
News flash I don't like Niggers, Jews, or any non white sub human scum. If you have a problem with that feel free to unfollow or block me. I don't like nigger lovers. I'm not brainwashed by Zog thanks. 
Don't let that commie nigger into the Guv's office! Hell no! 
This is the kind of bullshit Linda Sarsour, demon crats, Cair, Muzzie Bro Hood, and muzzies in general want in the Usa and elsewhere! Fuck That! Savage Bastards! 
The Constitution is the "supreme law of the land" but this nigger don't like it dat way. It "manipulates" people, don't you know. Like giving them 10 specific Rights. This monkey knows all this but he needs to shade the truth to rally his D mobs. This turd needs flushing! 
If you're telling us you cant Id a white person just by looking at them, you must actually be retarded but, we know you're lying. You know damn well what a white person is you're just using that classic marxist deconstruction tactic next you'll try and tell us its nothing more than a social construct you 'people' are so intellectually dishonest, it makes me sick 
A Cook? How often did you "taste", steal the food off of a plate that you served up? How often did you have food sent back to you for being Undercooked, as you felt Insulted, cooked it properly and then Spit in it just because you are a Special Cook? Fuck Off. Bitch! 
Special kinda faggot aint ya 
Chicago. We will pick you up at O'Hare Airport. In a Limo. We will have weed like you never seen before and we will tour you through the White North Side. Then? We will beat your ass and drop you off as a Naked White Boy on the South Side. You will learn that there are people that hate you worse than Jews. 
Faggot 
Snap out of this delusion. Yoiu won't be fighting fags. You'll be fighting state and federal police, national guard and regular Us military. 
I bet on the faggot! Because the fat dude will deflate without his 5000 calories a day while suffering without a Pct 
Fuck this nigger 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
You thought wrong, kike faggot 
Gabs getting shut down cause some faggot hates jews and had an account. How about all those mass shooters that had Facebook and Twitter. Are those sites gonna shut down now too. Fucking bullshit. 
The only thing this dumb as s half breed nigger has going, is he is black, dumber than hell, and democrat. He is an enigma. 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
So, you’re really this stupid? Lmfao! I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles! And I Mean that, congratulations. Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
Yes, I get it! Your mother and sister and daughter are the same. I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad. Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother. Dumbass 
Yeah, because you bring Such a compelling argument to Gab! Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
The holocaust of 17 millions Germans in WW2, the 66 million white Christians in Russia, the 3 million white Christian Armenians, and the 100 million Chinese all perpetuated by the vile despicable Racist Lying Murderous Theiving askeNAZI Jew Pigs! These are true events or are you a Holocaust denier? 
No, you are a complete retard like most people. You are a walking zombie but not that you would know it! 
The most vile wicked hag in the world is calling for uncivilized actions by democrats. It's already happening too. Somehow the cunt is still speaking. She just won't go away. 
Does she have 1/1024th retard ancestry? 
This is boffo box office. I love it. If a cunt wants to smear a good man, she'd best be ready to get smeared in return. Live by the slander, die by the slander. 
Because Q is a narcissist faggot and a larp. 
Is a retarded asshole and an ignorant slut. Making false accusations is a way of life for her, as it is for most liberal women. 
Every time I see a dead fucking commie, Sjw cunt I do my own little happy dance. 
Obamy The Typical Racist Thug Hood Rat Trash 
Obamy Has Millions Of Dollars Lmmfao But You Can'T Buy Class Period He'Ll Always Be A Trashy Diseased Degenerate Hood Rat Thug That Lives With A Diseased Yetti Cunt 
Lol, white supremacists claiming they can't criticize Jews while criticizing Jews. Retard power! 
If we catch them throwing blood and red paint on our statues dump it on their head. If the government won't punish these nigger miscreants we will. 
"indoctrinating encroachment" would be more appropriate. You just sound like a nigger using google translate. 
For the same reason that boat niggers who Invade Europe are all military aged men. Except, South Americans aren't half as bad as retarded african savages who sow death and destruction in my continent. 
This Halloween, dress up like a Jew dressing up like a black, for two levels of cultural appropriation 
The ultimate solution to the nigger problem is one of two things. Physically remove them from our existence. Deportation or isolation. Or outright extermination. 
Antifa and the nazi demoKKKrats are the domestic enemy of the Usa. Civil war is now at hand. 
Most Working Whites are not fighting to your color blind Bullshit Boomer. 
Gen X'r not Boomer. They're retarded. 
You are a weakling Nigger lover. 
They parrot the last conspiracy-theory retard that liked their stupid fkn comment last month. 
Talks about "Mdma" "Galt" /ourside/ "my fellow white women" and retorts with "You ain't special or even useful bud". Are white women of birthing age any good if they're banging niggers, banging low life wigger Mdma guru pieces of shit like you, or compromising their children's safety? 
Mmmmmm nigger baby 
It's totally insane. I'd have found me a black women with a gay brother who killed himself and sworn he killed himself because Kav kept picking on him calling a worthless nigger faggot, and put this baby to bed once and for all. 
A favourite nigger stereotype against Whites is the claim that all serial killers are White. This is the story of one of the worst serial killers in Us history, and the coverup perpetrated by the jews media because of his race. Guess which race? That's why you've probably never heard of him. He worked in an abortion clinic, where he murdered hundreds of newborn babies, and jars full of their body parts were found in his office at an abortion clinic. A movie was recently made about this murderer. The jews media are already muzzling any promotion or news about it. Covering up for niggers runs deep. 
How fucking retarded do you have to be to know what Trump stood for since day 1 and not like him and his policies from day 1. He was legit from the day he started talking policy. But now you like him? Fuck atta here 
Your understanding of history is faulty, jew. 
Says the retard who doesn't understand history. The Nazis were evil, you fucking retard. 
That is the biggest clitorus ever recorded on the biggest cunt known to the transvestite community! 
Transgender lol, thta funny. Hes simply got huge tits on account of the fact that he is about 5 foot five, personally i liked the "short fat kid with man boobs and in a pair of flip flops whilst standing on an idf tank" look 
Lol, well i am a cunt so thats nice recognition 
That's cuz he's a retarded fgt 
That kid has the wrong complexion for nigger loving Swedes. 
Been a sleazebag faggot for years 
Herschel Walker calls for Cnn to fire House Nigger Don Lemon over ‘racist’ Kanye West criticism 
One of the questions asked regarding the White Ethnostate is, what kind of policy will it have to prevent diversity? Who gets let in and who is kept out? I'll tell you from my point of view as someone who's in a town that had been 99% white until about a year ago, you cannot let in a single black or brown person. 5 years ago, the only blacks around here were lower income degenerate junkies but they kept to themselves. Then, black families started moving into town and it took a population change of less than 50 people to noticeably increase the violent crime rate. One black dude robbed, at gun point, 3 businesses on Main Street and 2 in the next town over before he was caught by the police. Just one person over the course of a few months robbed multiple businesses. That's all it takes, just one nigger and there goes the neighborhood. A shooting over a domestic housing disagreement occurred a few months later, the perpetrator a mulatto. The crrime and drugs have gotten so bad here that the police department has hired 8 new cops in the last 2 years. Looking at all of the available data, showing the demographics, property values and crime rates over the last 30 years here, there is an evident relation between an increase of blacks and an increase in crime. Even a minor increase of 20 blacks results in arrests increasing by an average of 20%. I don't need anymore convincing that diversity is a problem, do you? 
Another twatter faggot 
I think you mean, after the nigger invasion 
. Ah yes. Paul Joseph Watson is a flaming faggot who don't agree with some of the laws which muslims follow which is part of the same laws that put in motion through Mosheh & Aaron in the days of old! 
Hey Everyone! We're not racist! This nigger agrees with us! We're not racist! 
I just watched this feminist on the Laura Ingraham show who had the nerve to say "oh yes I feel so bad for poor white men who are being a falsely accused of rape! " Pay attention you feminazi cunt the women in this country don't like bitches like you we do not stand with disgusting wanna be women like you. The moms, the wives, the sisters, the girlfriends, the grandmother's, the Aunts, do not stand with your disgusting self nor do we stand with your disgusting ideology you green armpit hair bedraggled dragons We stand with the men no matter what their race is against you disgusting feminazi bitches who think they should be sacrificed at the altar of feminazi ideology, you can go fuck yourself you dirty bitch my son will not be sacrificed at that altar neither will my brother neither will my nephew neither will any other man in this country. You don't have the majority of women in this country on your side the majority of the women in this country look at you as something to be spit upon. So again Sweet Cheeks go fuck yourself with your little comment you sleazebag cunt! 
It's almost retarded to see racist white bitch about "the crafty" suppression of the Jew, while hypocritically bitching about, and while giving moral support to their enemies. Its like there is a God making the things you do to others come upon you. 
I think it's ignorant of indoctrinated to think modern Israel is the fulfillment of what is in scripture. They have fags, pagans, blasphemers, and sinners in huge number among them. After Jesus returns Judah will repent and be accepted, and biblical Israel will be for the body of Christ 
Please show it to all the Fucking Jews and Democrats! They are all Retarded Racist pieces of Shit! 
Another retard to mute. Or a nazi shill. 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
To answer your question - yes you are a stupid fool. And now I see you are a faggot to boot. Not surprised. 
I don't know howithwhy you became a faggot. Why ask a stranger? Ask an adult you know. It is usually genetic. If scientists can discover the faggot gene(s) then faggots can be aborted and eventually the faggot problem will be eliminated. 
I agree! Better than you faggot fool you! Tf is that? 
Soon we will see Sathy Struthers on television at 3am telling me for only 50-cents a day I can feed, house, cloth, and educate some impoverished nigger baby in Sweden 
Mute it. It's a White nigger of the kikenvermin. 
Faggot 
He is a nigger 
You're fucking retarded 
He's a nigger (in case you didnt know) who's greatest achievement as a nigger is bagging a mudshark. Funny how niggers always define their self worth by their ability to compete with Whitey on some miniscule level. 
Dear cucks! Why public schools don’t work, some people graduate them and even write books but never learn that anecdotal evidence isn’t really evidence. Pointing at an outlier and pretending it’s the median is lying. 
What a cunt 
2/ It should be somewhat obvious this is parallel to Arab societies and the causes for the terrorism is similar. Like. Who the fuck wants to live in a society like that? It's really nigger tier shit. 
Yes. We're just intimidated by strong, independent wimminz. She totally doesn't act like an insufferable cunt all day on social media or anything. 
Remember, the only reason Oj is free is jury "payback" for beating a crazy nigger high on pcp 
Bye globalist cunt 
Dyke 
If this little spic hasn't been caged and thrown over the Rio Grande, Trump is not doing his job 
Yet another retard beyond any help with her mental illness & illusions. What's the odds she's one ugly fat stinking blimp? She obviously has no brain capability to understand the legal principle of innocent until proven guilty. Another democRAT 
She’s jewish. 
Hey guys, here is an infographic for 5. 56 carbine shooters to get you shooting center mass from 0-500m. 
Now if only the bad guys were all 6 feet tall. 
Jesus, retard. You don't have the slightest clue why the linked article was written. Of course you can't hit targets using magic skills - you need to know how far away the guy is. That's why the average numbers used to estimate the distance & the bullet drop are given to you. Just go away dumbass. 
I didn’t read the article I’m making fun of your stupidity that the size of a target makes it harder to hit. Which is completely retarded. 
When the size of a target is used to estimate the range & also the holdover it's not retarded. You are the only retarded thing around here. 
See that sounds stupid also. Who taught you how to shoot Donald Duck? 
So trump got payed 200k a year from age three. I'm not a faggot so I won't cry about it. However if you bought something today at 200k it's roughly 18k back then. Ppl who pay money, but don't get money should be pissed at the stewards of our econs. So there's nothing to the rich get richer meme? As to motivation. 
The New & Improved Faggot Jack Sjw SjwNPC 
10/ Semi-related, that's the same with 2nd Amendment absolutists. Like Jim Losi seriously and literally says that there should be no restrictions on guns, including for criminals and the mentally ill. He told me that directly. If that's your position and you think you're a "super patriot, " you're actually just a retard. 
Similarly, that's my view on the white supremacists. Do I care if some white supremacist wants to be a retard on Gab? No. Do I care if a very small group of retards on Gab use bots and organized group tactics to try to spam their message onto every single page and thread on Gab? Yes. I don't have to put up with that homosexuality. 
And the Mute button entirely takes care of that issue. Without Any changes to Gab 
No, it doesn't. White supremacists make dozens of new accounts all the time. Same with porn bots or even run-of-the-mill porn posters. I look at nsfw bc I don't mind naked women. Then some homo will post gay porn or something and you didn't know until you see it. 
On my Muted list i probably have: "100 people pretending to be Nazi's / anti-Semites" (Who are Likely Leftists and Muslims) "50 actual white Nazi supremists" "5 maybe 10 flat earthers" (not all) "Maybe 3 or 4 people doing child porn anime" (All) "About 20 slimebags posting trasvestites" (All) Mute is working fine for me. 
See the angle your taking here is what leftists will use. They'll say, oh the poor poor kids have to see this "As if they really care about the ones they didn't abort". And they'll use that as there angle to force censorship. 
I don't mind if kids see white supremacy posts and I'm not trying to protect kids. I'm saying your belief that allowing white supremacy posts is some sort of virtue is what allows them to use and abuse this platform for their purposes. They're basically turning it into dog shit. 
If you Really want to get rid of the child porn. Vote in more new people into Dc. End lobbyists, and take back the justice system. 
The answer to every problem in society should never be "we need more legislation. " Like if we don't pass some bill, we're helpless and need to accept whatever is going on. That's how you get gigantic government will massive regulations, and all of it stupid. 
Huh? So are you arguing that people shouldn't even have the Choice of the mute button? Because i never said anything about banning white supremists or nigras. I simply said "i don't want to see or hear there horseshit" and "you are free to see or hear it if you want to, thats Your choice". 
I think if there are a group of ppl roaming around Gab and spamming up threads by basically talking to each other and group up- and down-voting, then Gab should just sequester them in their own little area so they can keep talking to themselves. And if you want to go to the white supremacy section, you can. Problem solved. 
And once you grant that, what is to stop them from doing the same to you? And how is that different from what they did to us on Twitter and Facebook? 
That's again falling back to the false view of "if I even restrict one person for any reason, then I'm like the Nazis when they were executing ppl. " If you buy into that type of moral equivalence which is how liberals argue to prevent their ideas from being challenged then I can't help you. 
No mother fucker. The 'Chosen People' isn't selective Dna based on Creed But But but. It'S about, right here, right now. For everyone, from everywhere, living in these End Times & more importantly based on our individual Choice/Direction/Belief - Got it motherfucker? God is real therefore he is looking for his Real people. Not some preachy cunt like you - 
Danny Trejo is the most annoying spic ever. Until Elizabeth Warrens Dna teas came back showing she's a spic. Spicahontas. 
I still like their old stuff. Before Bozo became the cunt he is now. 
This cunt needs shooting 
He's a faggot and a secret bacon eater. 
"U Lie! " Well, ur Constitution does consider Blks "3/5ths human. " Pray that the Blk bourgeoise eventually gets the Haganh nerve to ReSegregate/Repatriate. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Just be aware that this snowflake faggot censors and bans people like his name was Zuckerberg. 
Queen Cunt is only Embarrassing Herself. The Entire World Knows how Great America is doing and How Much Greater It'S Going To Become. Hillary, Obama and the likes Have To Go Overseas in order to get a Crowd Gathered Big Enough to make it worth their while. Or perhaps it's just a Simple Ploy to sell her asinine Book. 
This I got to see. I deliberately chose not to watch the FoxNews coverage of the Retard Bomber because douchebag Shep Smith was covering it! 
Nigger privilege 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Ive already been in one of those situations. A nigger bitch chimped out at the grocery store accusing a White cashier of overcharging her. A nigger cashier showed her there was no error but that didn't stop her. She picked up her tote bag full of canned goods and ran around the store screaming racial insults and hitting every Yt she could find with it. I got hit in the back. Nobody called the cops, or filmed her much less stop her, and she eventually left. She would never have tried it if she didn't know she'd get away with it. 
While fats radio and crew crow about the smiling nigger running for the senate in michigan; he is wonderful and glorious and it only cost the disruption or destruction of one million white denizens of detroit, each and everyone of who could replace the nigger and exceed or equal his achievements without aid 
A Racist Democrat calling anyone Racist is an oxymoron! All Democrats are Retarded Npc's! That is a Fact! 
Ought to string you up by your entrails cunt 
Obama is a useless nigger 
"No group is better or worse" One of the most retarded statements Ever made. So a Group of Pedophiles is not worse than a Group of Nurses? Muslims, for example, are followers of a sick set of rules by definition They Are Worse. Be Smarter 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Tell him I heard that "Meteors" only strike small deranged liberal retarded men who think they are actors and play liberal hacks. 
"look at his entire body of work, & judge him accordingly " I do - and due to him throwing Faith Goldy under the bus, repeatedly attacking White identity, cucking Hard on freedom of association, bragging about "saving" young men from the "far-right" and saying that using retard pronouns should be dictated by societal consensus, my opinion is not favorable. 
Slut cunt 
That won't stop the and retarded leftists from blaming our president anyway. 
Deadpool 2 Hated it! Ok, from the top: 1) has dykes 2) has a worthless nigger character "luck" (seriously? Wtf) 3) totally recreates original characters into shit diversified horseshit 4) has a bullshit references to fags, butt sex, shoving an electric wire up Juggernaughts ass, and fuckall what else. Again, Not worth seeing the fucking kikes hype more disgusting perverted, original-twisting bullshit! 
Fuck that nigger. I'd rather see a gaping cunt than this soy bitch. 
Typical. Just a free vacation for this worthless soulless cunt until things blow over. 
Fucking hollywitz kikes! The new dyke batwoman emerges from the slime: 
Dude You Are Obviously A Stupid Fucking Nigger That Is Also Too Fucking Lazy Or Lack The Ability To Go To "Qanon. Pub" Scum 
If he stomped his ass into a mud hole the "msm" would have flashed that as lead story of Trump supporting racist attacks poor weak faggot. They would 100% not show the faggot tried to throw the first punch. I like how the little homo waited for the guy to turn away and then attempt to punch him. His time is coming have no doubt. 
When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
All White fathers must teach their daughters about the dangers of the nigger buck. These beasts must always be treated as dangerous. They are animals. Nothing more. 
Fuckers should have never been let off the chain. 
Twitter suspended for asking don lemon if he was cnn gay house nigger because he said the sane bout kayne west 
Its a nigger thing. Like a gay gorilla. Only the gorilla has more fucking sense. 
"a retard man hating cunt yells shame". Fixed it 
Because Gab lets All of us Cosmic Assholes in, including Me & Thomas Hellbound Faggot Wictor! That's Why! 
If ya thought Op's post was the most retarded thing ever posted on Gab, a Challenger approaches 
Hahaha shit why change who you are if you are one bad motherfucker, like my cousin before he pushed out his lip kids he was rolling all hard and shit wit da demuborger and shit and entombed and now he all like a bitch wit his panties in his cunt 
Fucking faggot cucks 
Good stuff! People, please stop listening to nigger music. You are not demented. Listen classics. Not as background noise but really listen. Sit your ass down, stfu and listen. ) 
Yeah I thought so too. But turnout is even lower in weird elections that happen in the middle of August or whatever. Trump is getting his ass kicked. I can't wait until his orange ass becomes a lame duck and he cries himself to sleep on twitter every night. He has the worst traits of a jew and a nigger combined. 
Faggot genxer alert 
Some faggot downvoted this. Unreal. 
You can turn a man's children against him through godless propaganda, but you can never turn a nigger white. Race matters. 
I'm quite new, but it's the same as Twitter, only you can say Nigger 
70% of divorces r initiated by females. Why bc they get Pg then get Gov Aid, free rent, school, food. Why stay F'n married when they can play withthere cunt friends. 
While his nigger monkey wife spends obscene amounts of His money on her ill fitting and always unsuitable, ugly outfits, Harry is circulating morning suit from the time he was at least couple inches shorter, and same old ruined shoes with holes he is wearing all the time. 
Harry is allso a tool to be used by the devil. You will see, then remember this tekst. 
Muzzie scum. 
Lindsey Graham sucked John McCain's dick, I guarantee it. He slurped his Maverick cum out of his dick hole like a straw 
A very graphic post. I doubt there's any truth to this but I can understand your anger. Personally I find homosexuality an Abomination and disgusting but that's just me. Live and Let Live We all have the almighty to answer to! 
I find your whore mother to be an abomination. Thankfully she's being charred to a crisp in Hell, like the slovenly fat pig she is! 
That's not what God said to your mother, faggot 
Are you a Nazi? This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab. 
Yes, Nazis are weak and impotent faggots. Low Iq losers! In My reality the Nazis lost Ww Ii! Wake The Fuck Up! +1 (Neo) 
What is that meme suppose to mean anyway? That you are stupid? ) +1 (Neo) 
Lmfao Don't ever stop. Nothing any of us Nazis could possibly do will drive more ordinary people to the cause of gassing kikes to save the White race than your attempts at insulting us & making yourself (along with your views) look retarded in the process. In fact, the jig is up, shitlord. It's too obvious that you're /ourtroll/. Next time be more subtle. 
Does that mean that you like gas or that you are full of it (gas and shit? 
Wow you actually took the bait? And This was the best comeback you could conjure up with that big brain of yours? +6 gorillion (Nazis) 
What bait? 
Exactly 
When you say that anyone who hates a mudshark is a drug user, living in their basement, it implies that you are okay with race mixers. Dumbass. Now use your mute button like the faggot that you are. Now I can kick the shit out of all your posts and you can’t do anything back. 
Anyone else notice a bunch of new retard liberals on Gab? Negative scores and nothing to say but the same old mockingbird narrative crap, mental hostpitals are going to be needed after disclosure. 
Churchill was a cunt. 400, 000 in debt paid up by rothschilds. They owned his ass 
This dizzy fuckin broad, actually is gonna try to run for President, beautiful, you dumb, fuckin, cunt 
Screw the Cult Muzzies When will Europe stand up for their countries One day soon the Muzzie Scum will take over and you will still be saying, Oh We don’t want to offend European Pc Spineless Dumbasses Fight back 
Alex is obviously a Neo-con Zionist. Either willingly or through his own ignorance. I mean, anyone that would choose Twitty-Bird for their avitar tells me he's just another faggot neo-con! 
Take it in the ass like the Spartucus you are 
I would ask that you not call him 'Spartacus', the name of a White Scythian hero, not some lowly Nigger faggot. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Your addiction to nigger cock knows no limits, does it? 
Looks like a typical butch dyke mongoloid. 
To my fellow Catholics, I'm Byzantine Catholic, my wife Roman Catholic. While I have perused the media for instances in other religions of sexual abuse, it seems to be the most widespread in Catholicism, perhaps with a near following amount of sex abuse cases occurring in Judaism, but attorney generals named "Shapiro" are willing to overlook Jewish communities with 50% or more of male children being molested in order to pursue 70 year old cases in the Catholic church. Imagine that. But another bias has come to my attention. This is of homosexuals in the Catholic church, priests, bishops, cardinals, and maybe the Pope, having bias against Republicans and Conservatives. It seems we don't know what we thought we knew about our religion. Cardinal McCarrick, the homosexual that is purportedly responsible for molesting seminarians, and moving and sheltering those under his leadership that molested seminarians or children, was, it seems, associated with hillary clinton, wanting desperately to see her take the presidency. In addition, the pro-life Catholic church seems to have preferred that Kavanaugh didn't make it to the Supreme Court. The saying used to be "Something's Rotten in Denmark", alas, it needs replaced, in spirit, with "Something's Rotten in the Vatican". Here's the latest from Church Militant on the Catholic church's attempts to cover over the sin of omission in not trying to stop priests, bishops, and cardinals that were committing heinous acts of sexual assault, not only a sin but sure to be criminally negligent. The VortexTrump and the Vatican Michael Voris talks about how much the leaders at the Vatican hate Trump. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't hear shocking news of homosexual orgies at the Vatican, or seminaries turned into homosexual party retreats. Cops, and Priests, come in good and bad. There's over a million Us cops and about 35, 000 priests. There's no doubt that as a percentage, there's more good cops than priests, but nevertheless, there's many good priests. But if your priest tries to convince the parishioners to vote against Republicans in the mid terms (may be a clever veiled sermon) you might want to question to yourself what his motivations are. Share with fellow Catholics the extent of homosexuality in the Church, they should not be getting political guidance from clearly biased groups. Jews comprise less than 3% of the population in the Us, Catholics 23%, yet politicians are always worried about swaying the "Jewish vote". Jews are almost 100% liberal democrats, Catholics though can make a difference in the outcome of the Mid Terms and for the 2020 Presidential election. But be suspect about priests, bishops, and cardinals that attempt to steer you away from Conservative Republicans, as their motivations may be evil. Cardinal Vigano talks at length how homosexuals destroyed the church, don't let the influence of the church destroy America, vote Republican, and for 2020, vote Republican and for Trump. 
Did you tell your "fellow Catholics" that you are an Aspie (High Functioning Autism) before you tried selling them on your Aspie fake Nazi Jew Hatred? Your brain disorder makes you incapable of truly being a Catholic or understanding politics of any kind. You Know you are severely socially retarded yet you hoped to find some sap who doesn't realize that? 
Nigger 
It's like dealing with children, but with adult consequences. These are emotionally retarded adults which makes them extremely dangerous. 
The Bible literalist must constantly engage in conspiracy theorizing to explain away the endless stream of facts that contradicts his imbecilic worldview. That's why almost all Qanon faggots are also Jesus faggots. That is the level of thinking maintaining such retard requires. 
A lot of da white MFs on guns of gab talk good game but under pressure they choke like pussies and guns aint da final shit back when we niggas had our ancient nuwaupian civilization we was using laser guns yea we was exploring da stars when da white devils was still living in caves and they was using clubs 
This fucking nigger at it again. Wishing his kind were really kangs Lol 
Only a nigger would hold a gun like that. Fucking niggers 
A performance only art fags would appreciate. They look like retarded zombies to me. 
Thanks for fixing the fairy gay faggot tranny porn problem @a. None after over 24 hours. ) 
Did you say you were a pasta nigger, stop that i know christINsanity can make you have all kinds of guilt and shit but please, stop jewsus was a sand nigger just be happy about that ok 
"A Professor of Social Work and the current Jack Layton Chair of Social Justice at Ryerson University in Toronto" A Canadian professor of Social Justice; knock me over with a feather. This is the lazy-eyed faggot teaching us about masculinity. You can't make this shit up. 
NIgger please! Just shut the fuck up! 
Lol And now folks we have one of the very few real Marxist twats on Gab since Agent Orange ran off. WHat we call the Left on Twitter. Another coward who won't take on the real racist types here. Because it's colour that these Nazi racist types are bothered about, not boob size idiot lol 
Ya non faggot "Nazis" take advantage of free speech afforded in Gab. We should have it everywhere! You'd see us everywhere! You mean we bitch about your fag, tran and feces porn? Ya we do. And fucking yourself is I'm quite sure what you do, along with other men. Projecting again Marty, you are projecting. Triggered, feel like hitting us with vile porn now? Yep just got hit with tran porn. 
I love Christina's posts. She's a badass. I wanna see more. But, please stop responding this kike. I want to see your real posts. Even some cleavage is cool. I just don't want to see this jew's bullshit. 
Suck my fat dick, you kike monster Jew scum slut fuck dyke cocsucking piece of shit! 
Ben Shitpiro the controlled opposition Cuck and Never Trumper Neocon Jew Faggot thinks that anyone who uses common sense is "deranged". Why does anyone follow this little beta weasel bitch? A bunch of fake conservatives as well as virtue signalling normies who call themselves Republicans are attacking people like Candace Owens for stating the Obvious, that this is a False Flag created by the Deep State criminal Cabal to get a sympathy vote, and to also make it look like our side are the ones who are violent. I'm attacking anyone on Twatter who calls themselves a conservative yet virtue signals to the left by making fun of people that do research and ask questions or what they call "conspiracy theorists". Too bad I have to go to work now and have no time. 
Evola was a literal faggot who would post on reddit, was he alive today. 
Ah, the retards always lack oxygen don't they! You are moral degenerate filth and he Should Ban pieces of shit like you! You don't have a functioning brain so really oxygen is not needed! Because, when you are a Retard, how would you know? 
Oh I am so afraid! When you can't intellectually debate then character assassinate! What the fuck does a safe space have to do with stopping moral degeneracy? There are plenty filthy Jew porn sites if you want that shit! This Is Not A Porn Site you fucking moron! Take your Retarded comment and shove your head of your Ass where it belongs! I guarantee your still won't smell you shit though! 
Piss on shonterjigho williams another overpaid underqualified retarded hoodrat Cunt! 
Was it something like this? Mohammud was a degenerate pedo faggot who fucked pigs instead of eating a nice piece of bacon 
Muslims refuse eating pigs probably because they would consider it cannibalism. They fail to realise that pigs are far above Muslims. Pigs are benevolent creatures, while the Islamic plague is the vilest form of inhumanity and prehistoric barbarism this planet ever witnessed - let alone to be allowed in post-modern West. 
And you pro niggers act like your sumthing with your purchased followers. You guys give money and made the hardware network and the coders pay, and thx for that. But us anons that care, do what we do bc we want to correct this mess that your blind servatude brought us to. You may be Eastwood's, but we are Lee majors. 
I used to get really fucked when called a faggot, I related it to ''I'd punch a faggot'' ''We went out to beat faggots when I was younger'' (my dad), only thing that works is exposure therapy, so I'm grateful for all the people that called me a faggot until I didn't care. Tl; Dr: Don't be a faggot. 
After reading the post I have a public service announcement. Dear God everyone. Come down off your crosses. Stop apologizing for everything. Just stop. It isn't noble it's as retarded as the people throwing dirt about the past! There isn't a single great man in history that Never did anything wrong. Unless you try to throw Jesus or other religious figures surround by mythos into the mix And Even Then you still have droves of folks that will "find the straw in their eye (while having a wooden beam in their own. " They would probably lose their minds that I said straw. Who cares what butthurt idiots think about you? Seriously, just stop worrying about it and reject their sideways programming. We are lowering ourselves to position lower than butthurt idiots this isn't humility, it is aggressively forced mental retardation. Neither Jesus nor any of the saints would approve, nor would any of the great men of history. "You have enemies, good, that means you at least stood for something in your life. " ~Churchill 
You're just a nigger with an 85 iq 
Wigger style 
I used to like that "SavedyouAClickVidya" guy on twitter, but when he revealed himself to be a pussy "Games are art" faggot and he went all apeshit over my article, I lost all respect for the little needle dick cocksucker. 
Uh. Like you guys, James O’Keef has zero idea what truth & honesty are. Fucking retarded cunts 
Idiot cunt 
The Bbc is again pushing the Sjw LGBTQQICAPF2K agenda. Report: 
This is what happens when you suck sand nigger cock 
Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri just voted "No" to advance the confirmation vote on Brett Kavanaugh. This corrupt, socialist bitch just sealed her fate. 
One less cunt in congress 
Everyone knows turkey did it. Trump needs to pay attention to America. This sand nigger reporter for the washington compost is Not a priority. Go fuck yourself 
Only a faggot would be obsessed with another man. You're out of the closet gay boy. 
If we slap the stupid out of retarded conservatives that think censorship is conspiracy theory, we could really make some progress. Conservatives that think censorship in conspiracy theory have been the source of all our problems. 
Remember thick Marxist twat Agent Orange who was on here as Capt_McHeath? I gave him such great abuse he deleted his account and ran off. Blocked me on his two main Twitter accounts too. Just checked him out without logging in. He's Still going on about me. Thinks this Puffing Billy is me. It isn't lol 
Typical thick twat Marxist 
That Racist Nigger Hated White People and it showed 
He wasn't a nigger, he was a mulatto. Which is nor here, nor there. The worst ambivalence. 
Sorry, but calling Bs mostly because I enlarged your chart and was able to read the source! 
Here ya go. Have a nice day. You have been visited by the drive-by Nazi. *Wave* 
Absolutely and without question it does. Would you care to explain the proliferation of Dna testing companies that can tell you Precisely which race of which you are a member? I know I am 100% White. 
"Dna can tell you a lot of things but it is not what determines what is a race and what is not. " This is almost as retarded as midi-cloirans. 
Like I said "Einstein" Dna is not the criteria that science has always used to categorize what is a race and what is not. So who looks retarded now! According to you there were no "Races" before Dna testing. How retarded is that? 
Were there no Jedi before midi-chlorian tests? You're the Jedi master here Obiwan. 
Now, faggot central. 
Probably some twat sitting in mummy and daddys basement 
Are we supposed to hire nigger apes to prove we aren't racist? 
Fuck you and the nigger apes. 
The thing about Lindsay Graham is that a pissed off faggot will be super bitchy and not give a fuck. He's a weaponized valley girl. 
Shes full of shit. Its be known and widely reported. Fuckin twat 
What this faggot doesn't grasp, is that i'm not to be found hanging around unarmed. He can come for me any time he likes. I'm waiting motherfuckers. 
Name the jew you pussy 
A Daily Stormer nigger and a burgermutt married to a kikess. Why the fuck would I listen to them 
A religious faggot that listens to Black Sabbath 
Faggot 
Every Sidney I've ever known has been a faggot know it all but this one is actually a lib trying to be decisive. Ain't that right bitch boy? 
Answer the question faggot 
The question faggot? I guess you must be the question faggot. You are the one asking faggy question with a fag complex. Go play with your Trump Dildo twinky. 
Nigger bomb incoming look out. 
He's a retard 
Who wants to spend money to see a dyke diss 
All need a third pane, what happens when you import the scumolians from each place. Poland wouldn't change of course, they're not retarded ass clowns ) 
And Potus favorability poll is only at 50%? Half of the country is retarded enough to see that the Democrats are the Party of Crime? 
@a I know you're a busy man tagged me with tranny porn Yes, I Reported & Muted It seems that every time I report & mute a tranny porn spammer another one pops up a day or two later tagging & spamming If this is the same Moronic Faggot over & over again How many times do they get to create an account B4 being Totally Banned from Gab (that is if Gab does ban? 
The only giant faggot here is you. 
Crypto-Jew Conan trying to influence his "fellow whites". This faggot sold his last home low for $25M, but he'd have his fans live next to Haitians. Fuck him. 
The nigger zulu people are with the white african farmers. 
Some of those pics are pre1933, also straight guys used to pose in ways that seem gay nowadays. Personal space was smaller back then ( and still is in many parts of Europe. If one reads there literature and speeches it makes this claim this boomer brod absurd and ridiculous not to mention how hypocritical it is when these retarded boomers created the Lgbt and all the degenerate hedonism that plagues Society today. 
Thats a faggot jew right? 
Liberals word, triggered. So now I know I'm dealing with a retarded fuck 
This cock smoking faggot is Still crying and Still bitch- snitching about someone showing his dumb ass something he didn't like on Gab. 
Bitch ass little crybaby. 
The unhinged lunatic terroristic far left mob of traitors, claimed trump was racist, but he gave a kanye the time of the day, that obama never would, what did the lunatic far left do? They talked shit to kanye, for being a free nigger in a enslaved world where the dems have the kkk to keep the enslaved niggers in check trying to free themselves 
Sinead O’’Conner converted to Sand-niggerism, I heard. Her pussy speaks louder than her neocortex. Another post-wall cunt doing anything to get a husband. Some Arab will surely chop her up. 
Trump can order the military to the border, then some faggot judge will just come along and block it 
Are the Red guys going to put the military on the border Now, and maker certain this wetback trash is refused entry into the Us? 
In a proper White Nationalist nation, this nigger would be expelled and then mocked as a sick pervert. 
I will never again vote for a politician who panders to niggers & wants their votes. They get everything for free and are a detriment to our society in every way. There is a war going on against whites and I’m so sick of hearing about the plight of the negro. 
V. Smol-brained take, but what else can you expect from women talking about politics? 
It’s better than listening to a nigger loving kike supporter. 
Well, you know what to do. Run on a lynch the nigs and gas the kikes platform. Let us know how that works for you. 
Just another big mouthed nigger who hates whites. Fuck off with your nigger worship you sick faggots 
Imagine being such a retarded troll that you call black people "muds" To A Black Person. Go fuck Hitler's skull you retarded Nazi. 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
He threatened her life you fucking cunt, and I didn't tell no one anything but i sure would if she got hurt, cause assholes don't like her 
Just a reminder that your 'god' is some long dead jew, if he ever existed. And European civilization was destroyed by Christians in name of your alien, desert 'god'. Thanks for proving that Christianity is an enemy to Europe. Christianity and islam are indeed identical in your hatred for civilization and beauty 
Pagans and Christians must forget past transgression and work togather to get rid of (them) and Muzzies off Europe only when the dust settles Then you can go at each other's throat case closed. 
What about the murdering and torture, To pagan and christian's and it's all written in the not so holy kike book as A to do list, Fucking sickening, Most of the not so holy koran is made up also of the kike book, Gee I just wonder where the fucking Mock Mood sand nigger muslim's get their charm from, humm yea, And it's more like I am anti Sand Nigger Demon 
Trumpsters are so profoundly stupid they think these photos are real. Funny you Never see live uploaded phone videos from trump rallies 
That’s true because a democrat retard like you says so. 
Dude antifa=nazis. If you suport white supremacy your a fucking retarded nazi. Wake the fuck up. 
Ok gab. Fuck You. Go fuck your Mama. I've reset my pass word like 4 times today. Why are you acting faggot queer liberals? What's going on. I thought this was freesom of speech and for the people. What gives Bitch! 
You mean. Irrigate men? Nah. That doesn't make sense Oh. I got it. Bitch wannaIRRITATE Men! And the winner is. 
That's retarded as Every race engages in satire, roasting, and ridicule! 
So today we learned that you can call yourself a based nigger but still have horrible time preference and lack critical thinking skills. Listen Tyrone, America is a white country. You and your opinions belong at the back of the fucking bus right next to those jewbags Weev and Milo. 
Lol genocide? Really? Where are the dead devils? Smh they need to do what you did rape Rob and murder! Gtfoh Typical Nigger with Low Iq. He must I thought I was a Cuck who not hang his nigger ass. Source: - YouTube Address: 
Ever notice how blacks walk around with devious, mocking, shit eating grins? 
Not in South Carolina. Here they walk around with respect for the fact that if they get out of line, a whole bunch of folks with well-maintained firearms and practice using them will appear out of nowhere and blow his nigger ass back to Africa. 
Ha ha ha "close to blasphemy". How about "Fuck You. Fuck Jesus Christ. Fuck God. And Fuck any other imaginary garbage imbeciles believe in". That's a bit closer you idiotic twat! 
I don't think that the murder of the current sitting president of the United States, is going to go down the way they wanted to. The black state fails to understand, we are not the retarded boomers. We are more than inclined to fuck up some shit. And not like antifa either, we talking Fubar. 
One can take the nigger out of the ghetto, But one cannot take the ghetto out of the nigger. 
Watching this fucking retard gave me Cock Inversion Syndrome. Muslim Queer Genderfluid - yeah, Islam loves those. Just ask them. 
That's retarded 
Is that the dyke from Florida? 
Wtf man, im tellin ya i got alot of build up anger towards you martin i will break yo fuckin face my son and your nazi balls son great a nigger or get fuckin knocked da fuck out in front of yo house old boy 
And yet our heroes kept patiently working on The Plan, instead of rushing into action. Because The Plan Had to succeed, and they knew they would only get one chance. #Q 
The only thing the fake Q/Soros has done is keep people from voting. So far. 
I didn't know that that moron was a cock sucking faggot pillow biter ass pirate cum chugger fruit. 
I’m guessing another butt ugly, man hating bull dyke 
Nazi jew bastard should be hanged along his faggot son! 
Cunt face, even if she was nice, that face says I'll chew your dick off. 
Tucker had on the woman who has accused the Dem's #2 Asshole Keith Ellison of assault. She was credible, I believed her but on the other hand I have NØ respect for a woman who would be in a relationship with a mø'slum nigger in the first place. 
It's going to cost him a fortune for all the bullshit that spews out of his faggot mouth. 
Yup. It Is Rampant Even In The Private Sector. I Was Forced To Hire A DInDU As An ENGInEER. He Was Worthless. I THInK He Got HIs Degree At GRAMBLInG Or Tsu, Useless Nigger Colleges. He Was Next To Impossible To Fire. I Lucked Out AnD Caught Him WItH One Of Our Guards SMOKInG Dope On COMPAnY Time. SHItCAnNED Both Of TheM. 
And ur a Dirty Piece of Shit WetBack that must be run out of Us 
Nfl’s Vikings partner with Minnesota Gay Flag Football League Lets see who tells Vd first 
National Faggot League 
They won't show how it started, the man has mental difficulties. However the nigger is a cripple ugly fuck sucking up my tax money. Hope she dies soon! 
That loser is getting ready to cum in and help out his partner you faggot curtis 
Bahaha! Hit a nerve there "watcher" 
Better a watcher than a jerk off king like yourself 
Omg lol, I just caught the fucking in one fucking humongous ass fucking lie. This makes me question the whole entire Dna bullshit, especially in 23andMe. My first cousin from my mother's side, not my dad's side just connected with me in 23andMe. According to his results, my mom's side is 100% European while according to my results everything that is not European is descending from my mom's side. So my dad's side makes me 50% European while my mom's side is questionable. Now listen to this my cousin, on the other hand, is a lot more European than I am and his mother's side (My aunt - mother's sister) is 100% European. How can this be? If my mother and his mother were sisters then shouldn't both be 100% European? You just fucked up big time and I am calling you out on this. If you got it out for me at the very least leave the truth out of this. Fuck you Juden, now I know I cannot trust anything you do! Fuck you and your Dna bullshit, you have just proven to me that your knowledge about Dna is just as shallow as your knowledge of economics. Oh, I know how you rob us! 
Hypothetically, two mulattos could fuck and make a 100% European baby. Each parent only contributes half of its own Dna, which in the extreme case could be the good half or the nigger half. 
Hillary Clinton is it retard as well. She's essentially saying that as long as we're winning we'll behave but when we're not will throw temper tantrums 
Dear: Not Happening, Not On My Watch. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump 
Hit button to close elevator, shoot the first two and then laugh your ass off while the 3rd little nigger cowers in fear then just as the door is opening and she thinks shes getting away plug her ass in the back of the head too. 
It wouldn't surprise me if Florida elected the commie Nigger for governor because the number of assorted Retards, Freeloaders, Welfare Parasites And Leftists has been steadily growing in the Sunshine State. Plus that hurricane that hit Puerto Rico ending up blowing in a bumper crop of Puerto Rican voters and we all know how they vote. 
The American right has reached peak levels of self delusion. Just look at the hashtag on twitter - it's 99% boomers, bots, and astroturfing. Nobody is joining your shitty Jewish party, you cucks. "Based niggers" aren't a thing and will never be. The Gop hasn't won any new black supporters since 2016, and paradoxically, Kanye has made things worse. 
What do you call a nigger at a republican event? Keynote speaker 
Wow you’re making nigger haikus intellectual! Love it! 
Not only Kayne West is a Uncle Tom, he is a house nigger to his master Adolf J Trumpler. He deserves to be called a coon. 
Oh shut up with your incessant Jooz Retard muted 
Dont forget that the only reason the white statistic isnt 1. 5% is because of the "white hispanics" that are included in the "white" stats. White Men are the least likely to rape out of all races, Period. 30k nigger on white rapes per year, Zero white on black rapes yearly. 
Then the Australians are going to get rid of their muzzie infestation? 
Not offended. Just making it clear that fuck is a part of my vocabulary and pointing out retarded comments is something I do, when I choose. None of it is necessarily reflective of mood. 
Go fuck a goat Maga hat, you're the fucking retard here the thinks Trump is gonna save muh America. What a fuckwit. 
Haaaaa haaa nope fool. Traditional strong american family. You know. Your bane. Street shitting ignorfool. Go fuck a goat. Or rape a kid like your faggot proffet mo. Ham. Ed. Haaaaaa haas. I would say blow me. But im desise free. 
Just a reminder 
This has been shown as Stevens all along. Your point please They tortured him for hours. Your comment seems like a defense where there is none. Please pick your battles wisely, Froghopper Froghopper 
Again, your point? These people are terrorist plain and simple and your quest to defend them makes you a sympathizer. Plain and simple. Now just cut and run as this is obviously over your head and you bore me with the whining. 
Hey, fuck you too. You and old Froggie doing a long distance hook up. American mentality. Bitch, fuck you. 
Muzzie sympathizer! , 
No bitch, you wanted to defend frkn muzzies. This pic has always been associated. You just wanna cry and moan for a wrongly depicted muzzie. Sympathizer plain and simple. You can wish it away. 
* lies to audience about Christopher Steven's image. *is politely corrected. *freaks out, says you are defending muslims *never said anything other than that the image isnt who you said it was. Some people. 
You are A lonely little bitch aren't you. What is that no rent due on that space in your head. Ill be asleep shortly thanks to you 
You're hilariously pathetic. You openly lie and attack those who point out that you are a liar. Any other played out meme phrases you want to try to divert your audience from the fact you're insane? Keep lying, I'll keep telling others how you're lying. 
You can't even type a full sentence you fucking muzzie Pos. Got you pegged bitch. Come on back mohumphead 
You know that you don't put spaces before periods right? Or maybe you'd like to put a comma after "sentence? " It's a meme that the loser always tries to attack spelling or grammar but usually you try to avoid those mistakes yourself while you call someone else out on it. 
Excuse me Mohumphead. You don't care if a child has her period. Muzzie troll. Keep it flowing. 
What a retard 
Germans should use all those high tech gizmos that they love to invent to kick the Muzzies and kikes right out of the country. The (Holocaust) is a hoax! That's why Auschwitz has a chimney that was built by the Bolsheviks in 1947 that's not even connected to any buildings! Also, Merkel is a huge pile of shit. 
That little no good kike (Anne Frank) used a pen that wasn't even invented until after it died! It's all a hoax! (Holocaust) never happened! The real Holocaust is what the faggot ass (Allies) did to the Germans After the war. 
They are all very Racist Retarded human sewage! 
Not if you are a Faggot? Or a Pedophile. Or a Faggot Pedophile. 
Ancient Chinese Confucius proverb: If your cunt stinks then no one will ever love you 
And this sheeit really, she's not even in the Senate! She's in the house. Wtf she doing there greating feinstein Jew lawyers in her sick fucking North Beach cabal? 
You may want to sit down. Sheila Jackson Lee has a Bachelor's from Yale University and a Jd from the University of Virginia. So she may not be your average she-boon. But I can't say. 
Just another nigger w a head to me. 
After his head is pulled right off at the miscalculated drop at the hanging. Nigger Bastard. 
The Proud Boys were able to wrestle the streets of Portland away from the judeo-left even though the latter had home field advantage and a very sympathetic Mayor (Ted Wheeler. Theyre ready to charge into Berkeley, Manhattan (where Hillary got like 90% of the vote), and so on. Compare to some alt-rights retreating into autism and ironybro faggot shit. 
Like it or not Proud Boy optics are much better than the AltRight's. Still one of these days Proud Boys will face expensive legal problems, but since their fanbase is potentially so much larger they may be able to crowdfund court fights all the way to the Supreme Court, which we are now positioned to win. 
Let a fat nigga fuck 
Watch Grizzly Man. Thank me later. 
I like bears 
>be a burger faggot >hate burger land >go into the wild & live near bears >trying to become a bear >get eaten by bears 
Stupid cunt 
I don't think this cunt is going to run in 2022 and doesn't give a shit. She just wants to muddy the waters for Trump. 
Nigger loving jewish whore. 
Your comments are so disjointed and retarded that I can't even tell if there's a point behind them. And I'm guessing you can't either. 
Ahhhh. That would explain all the sputtering, and stammering this brain dead twat spews, daily 
Faggot 
Naw cause Gavins a jew so who cares lol 
He deserves it for being a cunt zionist let his kike faggot ass suffer 
Fuck you, jap cunt 
I did it occasionally, but Twitter has now suspended my account. Complaint from some obnoxious faggot being called a faggot, by moi! But do I give a fuck? Sadly, no! 
This cunt is so stupid. The left are the ones calling for incivility and being sore losers. 
The last time I saw something so Retarded is when My neighbor tried to wire in his own electric hot tub. 
Should Feinstein of put it out in the public no matter of how vague the twat I think not its like "playground chatter" being discussed by university Dons. And basically as childish we a he said she said but more she said was listened to 
I love Tupac's story. 1- Visits the deep South. 2- Shoots 2 cops. 3- Doesn't do time. 4- Goes to New York. 5- Falsely accused of rape by Yankee bitch. 6- Does time for that. 7- Gets out. 8- Murdered by fellow nigger. The End. 
Who was his aunt again? Cia puppet nigger sorry 
You dried up old cunt I hope one of your needle dik Mexican raped that dried up pussy 
Nigger 
Fuckwad Chuck Schumer says Kavanaugh misled the Senate, when in fact it was the feckless cunt Crissy Ford who made reckless allegations in the Senate with NØ corroboration and having never filed a police report. Chuck Schumer should die a death worse than McCain. 
Hope you Win Pard. Because She Is A Total Idiot And Dumb Ass Nigger Scumbag. 
And who the f* are you to tell us how to think? President Reagan would have had a much better presidency if he would not have had a f*ing neo-con demonic faggot as Vice President (George Hw Bush. We wouldn't be in the f*ing situation we're in now if George W Bush did not want to one-up Daddy with George Hw Bush not finishing the job he did with Saddam Hussein. 
The cunt is out of the Bdm. 
Mlk was a corrupt nigger copy cat. 
Another Stupid Loud Mouth Racist Nigger Bitch. Just Like Whoopy 
Yeah, I just tried to open up a new account with a clean email and behind seven proxies and was still refused service like a nigger at an Alabama lunch counter. 
U A Faggot Bich 
There are retarded people still on Discord? 
Get off of discord dumb cunts 
The shit libs are the real racists? Fucking retard boomers are beginning to ruin this site 
Every time I own white supremacists, they all immediately mass downvote my posts. It's like "we're stupid, but at least we can click these buttons! " The best part is then you can see when I own them because for a while there will be no downvotes and then there will be a period of 2 days of downvotes. Then back to no downvotes. It's like tree rings of retardation. 
It's a mistake to apply White morals and thinking to non-whites. Jews have a genetic legacy as a parasite race that includes the character traits of corruption and degeneracy. It's like asking a nigger why it's so frustrating to read. 
TIme to turn off Fox News they brought on lying Trump hating faggot Shep! 
And for Shekels they fuck every nigger and every Jew. 
Antifa, The Far-Left Black Bloc Organization/Group That Went Full Retard Moral Of The Story: Never Go Full Antiftard 
No surprise, rich sjw twat 
Way to cuck for the negro vote you will never get, conservetard. 
Libtard? Gay lover? Better read my other posts, Will. You're the one pushing libtard propaganda equating the Klan to Antifa and the cuckservative "democrats are the real racists" meme. Or are you a nigger love? 
"The introduction of needless, contrived complexity, creating a vast machine of complex moving parts to carry out tasks that would be far better served via honest and straightforward simplicity: is it any wonder that Rube Goldberg was a jew? " ~ Anonymous 
Yea, her and that faggot Flake. I want bad-ass's as leaders, not Lilly livered jellyfish. 
Lol @ redneck fantasies 
Bring It Asshole! Ah Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ah Ha. Fuk'N Idiot Fuck'N Nigger Loven Ass Monkey Gay Boy Fuck Tard - Bring It! I'Ll Stab You & Slab You Faster THaN Fuck! No, . I tell you, . I bet that I can stab you & slab you faster than you can throw me and Blow Me! Girly Boy! 
This 'British faggot' is a lot wealthier, happier and more intelligent than you. You're a sad, unknown, bigot who has benefitted humanity in absolutely Nothing! 
"Quoting a British faggot. Seriously? " - Based on those 4 words, sandy-atheist has conCOCted an inane reBUTTal which includes the meaningless word "bigot"- includes knowledge of homo's wealth, happiness, and intelligence- and ends with "nothing" in all caps. 
This british faggot may be wealthy, but where he's going his $ won't do him a bit of good. In fact it will be an impediment. 
Fuck the retarded Poop. 
Faggot 
Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
Yeah Joel. Lying through their bollocks they are, as I stated in the poll. They'd shit themselves surrounded by Islamics. At least many Israelis look white lol 
Many Iranians actually are white, what a stupid thing to say. Jews just stole European blood. 
Im not happy that Aryans are practicing Islam but its their country and the real threat to them isnt their own religious subversion, its the kikes who want to annihilate them because they must see Persians erased from the face of the earth before they are content. They are a good ally against the people pushing white genocide when they live in their own country. 
You madman. You'll believe anything. That isn't a nuclear explosion near Damascus. Nuclear detonations create electro-magnetic pulses that destroy electricity grids. The bloody lights in Damascus are still on lol 
I didn't expect you to admit it, Joann. That would require honesty and integrity on your part. The type of human qualities you lack in abundance. - Nuclear Strikes! Syria Nuked Fourth Time By Israel! Nuclear Strikes! Homs Makes Four! 
HaHa There's no need to admit it mate. Israel or Isis did not use nuclear weapons in Syria. It would be all over the news. The Un would be involved. Crisis talks globally. How did Isis do this? Could they strike Europe? Calm down and look at other big non-nuclear explosions. Identical to your examples. 
All over What 'news'? You mean the Accomplice of jewish terrorism? Jewish owned media? It was reported each time it happened in non jewish owned media who had no reason to cover it up. 
For God's sake. If the Jewish Media covered up 4 nuclear explosions in Syria they would have covered up 2 planes flying into buildings in New York. Stop being mad lol 
Seems to me they did cover it up. Was the culprit Israel blamed for 911? Refresh my memory. Non jewish owned media reports the things the accomplice of jewish terrorism covers up. 
I mean covered it up like it never happened. The sameway you say the Jewish Media have covered up 4 nuclear blasts in Syria lol 
Covered up the Katyn Massacre. Learn about it or be ovened. 
It isn't covered up. We all Know about it. There's a film about it. Call Katyn surprisingly ) 
Yeah it was covered up and blamed on Germany until 1990, cunt nose. I would leave you lying on the ground, gasping for your last breath if you said that to me Irl. *Warning* 
Why Is THIs Cunt Still In The Us. 
Stop being a reddit faggot 
Take your muh dik bullshit back to the Daily Wigger forum where it belongs. 
A fucking degenerate faggot who loves jews. Yep, Every Single Time! 
You better stick to faggot cartoons, history is not your thing. 
The only thing worse than a nigger? A. A gay nigger 
Jews are a race, retard 
Sounds like kike bullshit, but okay. 
Course it’s kike bullshit. Another old jewish lie. We’re all Africans hahahahaha yeah okay! Me & a sub-saharan African are the same hahahahaha Gtfo! Don’t listen to Obi he’s just a faggot tryin to fight the inevitable (ppl waking up to the evils of jews) 
Dorsey is a faggot Jew with Aids. I would say gas him but the Aids is killing him already. 
But once they go nigger they always want bigger 
Just anothe kike loving cunt 
The Allies used nigger soldiers to rape German, French and Italian women into submission. 
WETback. 
Lol @ the dumb faggot kikesucker Knot Sure 
Nigger teachers grab white kids who didn't initiate. Deep down, he wanted to swing too. 
I'm convinced that thing is just a filthy kike faggot 
When battle for planet of the apes comes, nice denise from work isn't going to talk her nigger brothers out of raping your family and crushing their skulls with rocks 
It's not just in Australia, it's everywhere. Who was that twat in America who said she could not be racist because she was black? Say no more. 
Sick retarded fucks. 
Amy schumer is related to cuck schumer so. Not surprising shes a dumb cunt 
Why doesnt britainistan have muzzie prisons only for the evil scum. End of conversions right. 
You sure are a faggot boy 
I be extra careful Muhammad the fake prophet Muslim old pedophile child abusing cunt like them Asian Islamic grooming gangs in Britain. Not only did they inject drugs and force alcohol in children they repeatedly violently gang rape. Truth Hurts 
Doncha love it, faggot LOLzy 
Not a huge fan of pirating but if you force your consumers into pirating your material maybe you should look at your fucking attitude and distrobution process cuz a lot of times ppl don't wanna buy from a cunt and a lot of times they don't want to buy thru shit like spotify or crunchyroll just sayin 
A lot of time when i see ppl pirate it usually comes down to the basics. Not available in their region, censorship, they have no money etc but when the artist/writer/etc and youre a total cunt about pirating Before pirating happens welp, you're just kinda askin for it at that point 
From a Jewess perspective, this is probably true. Jewish women are niggers. They are also totally crazy. Feminism is a Jewish movement, led by women who live under the insane rule of Jewish men and the Talmud. 
2 things - This is something a dyke would say. And women. Standards, marry a good man and life is easy. Or don’t marry a good man and shut the fuck up and don’t complain. Men, women are great. Pick a good one with your values and she will make your life easy. We compliment each other, this is nature. 
Lol That's not a Somali, that is an American nigger who has been dead for years and was a celebrity of sorts on Howard Stern 
Cunt! 
White horses ass America just smiled like retarded fools. " my, what nice negros". 
I don't agree with the strategies of the boars there. I saw some of them in a civil defense organization talking about how they need to show their survival plans to the public and the south african government. What retarded fucking shit is that? Showing your blue prints to the negros who want to wipe them out. I only see tragic shit going on there. I don't see the logic in allot of what their doing. It just doesn't add up to me 
Typical retarded vile nigger beast in the meme posted by a typical "they are the real racists" cowardly stupid fool. Libtards/democrats & CONservatives/Republicans are enemies of the White race. Both parties are under kike control. Stop pointing your finger. Be a real racist. 
To answer your question - yes you are a stupid fool. And now I see you are a faggot to boot. Not surprised. 
Normal men (97% or so) are sexually aroused by women. Men that are sexually attracted to men are born that way = genetic. Only a faggot gets a hard on looking at men/boys. Have to be born that way. Sure faggots that adopt little boys to molest them can turn them faggot against their nature. 
This one is Niggaz on Maury; Dat baby ain’t mines know she a ho Maury Unless it’s tax times 
The nigger sows never know who the father is. 
Last ditch bitch. Fail. Send her back to the Mk Ultra pharm. Fuck You Glow In The Dark Deep State Faggot Spook Liar Lawyer Agent Provocateur MOCKInGBIRD Cabalist InVERTED Crypto Satanists. 
So a faggot with Aids and a punk Jew kike fucktard have the power to do this? Why haven't these two cucks been shot? Why haven't we gone to their homes and gassed their families? Wtf is the tipping point for us before we purge these kikes and faggots from our midst? 
Sorta correct, nigger tribes in africa (only niggers livid in africa at that time. Sold captured niggers from other tribes, to white people for guns. And ammo for the guns, to kill the other tribes. So niggers were enslaving niggers before white people. 
What's this all about Sarah? I haven't done anything except try to get the truth out about jews. I'm not scheming against anyone nor defending anyone. 
Emmanuel (Wadl I need a restraining order on this thirsty whore Q Laurie Wight: Q Anon is a retard psyop. 
But still, the general population is retarded. They may think socialism can be done better here, this time. It’s hard to fight with retardation. You really can’t win. How are you going to make a retard understand things? You have to manipulate them. (Hence a pristine van with pristine Trump stickers. In fucking Miami) lmao but 
Retards are the ones you see walking into Walmart holding hands wearing funny fluorescent bicycle helmets. Those wanting socialism are demons with an evil agenda. 
The ones wanting socialism get those retards to vote for them. 
"No one loves socialism quite like a moron who has never experienced it firsthand. " 
Sadly there will always be 10 times the number of lazy idiots than hard working intelligent people. The idiots vote for other idiots no matter what, but then when you have them promising to make $20 an hour, live in a 4000 square foot house with 5 baths, and not pay a light bill, they show up in droves. 
Another amazing feat! 
Nigger please 
Nigger "actor" named "Pooch" screws the pooch, gets ape-faced and lets 2 year old son steer his car. "In a statement, Sergeant Derek Green told Radar, when police officers arrived, witnesses reported seeing a man driving a Chrysler 300 sedan weaving in and out of traffic with a small child seated on his lap. One witness reported seeing the child’s hands on the steering wheel. 
If Conservatives begin winning over the Hispanic and Asian vote they could swamp the black vote and make it practically Moot in electoral politics. Bye Bye Niggers! White conservatives. Hispanics and Asians. Unbeatable coalition no matter if there is a 100% nigger turnout! 
Only time i see niggers is if i look to make sure the garbage men are doing their job correctly. Besides. 1 nigger is worth 20 of you hillbilly wannabe nazi faggots 
I've been muting more frequently the ones who come into one of our topics and start smearing around their Christian bullshit like a retarded kid in his bedroom. 
Who down voted you? Cause I know the faggot you responded to can't downvote you or anyone anymore. 
You're a retard. What do you think happens if a Democrat wins that seat? Anything good? Unlikely. If you don't like a Republican, mount a primary challenge. You really need to understand how our government works before you comment on political strategy. You clearly have no concept of this. 
Would a nigger named Tyrone be right about anything? No. This guy is consistently wrong and always pushes defeatist crap. Dissavow! 
A nigger shot up a church full of White people in 2017. Did you call for the same thing back then? Or did it not matter cuz they're not jews and jews are special? 
Because Lying cunt like the tossspot in my meme squeal & play the victim like no other tribe on this earth. 
I'd rather have them not "assimilate". Hispanics intermarry at 50% with whites, and their children typically identify as white, which sullies our gene pool with African and Indian genes. Up to this point American whites have been relatively pure (to the tune of 99%), even in southern states where the negro population exceeds 20%. Why ruin a good thing? 
White Arabs practically run Latin America. The Faggot Haddad opposing Bolsonaro, Shakira, Carlos Slim, . 
You sir, are retarded 
Good. Who gives a fuck about that Sand Nigger country. 
Back your accusations by telling everyone what my last name is you Pos otherwise Gfy you Pos Troll, that's all your ass does on here is flap that damn jaw and spew your Bs You Low Life Pos Nazi faggot wannabe. I bet mommy still has to wipe your ass for you 
Faggot 
Such faggot wow! 
And somehow idiots think it is a good idea to have niggers in the country. This is the average nigger. We have many millions of them. They will never change. They are savages because they were never meant to posses weapons like guns nor live amongst modern people. Black people are like a genetic abnormality that is a small portion of the nigger population. Actually rejects as far as the niggers are concerned. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Nigger with an I. Q. Of 50! 
Why I am tribalist, and ignore the retarded calls for unity. Because I look at the shit Donald Trump is doing, giving billions in aid to Israel, who in turns spends vast sums of it on funding the invasion of our very borders. Then I realize hordes of my kin cheer lead this traitorous cunt with a shit eating grin. 
I am sick of hearing "hes the best of a bad choice" That tells me that we are simply settling for mediocre. That is a sick symptom of a dead or dying empire. "Well, it could be worse, we could have got the shit eating retard instead of the piss drinking retard" Gosh how high standards we have! Isn't empires grand! 
"That is a sick symptom of a dead or dying empire. " The Us federation has been slowly dying since the 1965 Hart-Celler Act which has officially opened the immigration gates from the Turd World. It has been time to prepare for racial separation ever since. 
Retarded Dem Leftist fake bomb sender. " No, this package does not have a bomb! " 
My theory on who is behind these bomb scares? Two possibilities. One, a right-wing loner. Likely one of the Jew-hating types we see here on Gab. Or two, a douche-bag liberal psycho posing as a right-wing psycho. You know, just like they do with their libtard swastika graffiti. 
My theory is it's probably some fed up conservative who is sick of libtards and feminazis ruining his nature shows. I'm contacting the Fbi right now to give them a lead on the suspect I have in mind. 
Typical response from a liberal faggot who thinks everyone who holds my beliefs is some sort of unsuccessful outcast without any friends lol. You'd rather blame everyone except the people actually pulling the strings because you've been programmed not to notice them. You're a traitor who deserves the same fate as our foes. Keep swallowing those kosher red pills like a good goy. You're too much of an intellectual coward to confront uncomfortable truths, which makes you no different than the "safe space special snowflake libtards" that I'm sure you poke fun at. Sad! 
Another filthy faggot 
Ice cold take of the day; rich liberals love illegal spic employees because they can berate them and use "La Migra" as a sword of Damocles to keep them in line. 
Thats one angry horsefaced cunt right thar, Lol 
Good article, many points 4 discussion. It Never should've been criminalized in 1st place. De-Crim best way but Tax $ & DeRP votes = Trudo'h the boy blunder Retard building the while coddling criminals. Must! 
Call your nigger witch doctor white boy. Maybe he can cure yo8r sick white ass. Lol 
Abolish Google, fuck these nigger faggots 
Hey jew@jew talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel Jew punk if you would stop spoon feeding me your shit and get a load of this, i would have more to reprocess'n fling flung dung your way. Get back on the head and dump a truckload. 
Been there read that gimme something new faggot 
Hey jew@jew, we are still trying to learn what this rabbi's crime was is 'n will be? Here is an unverified photo which might help you wring your hands on your kvetching Mgm jew dick. Name one of this rabbi's crimes? Jew you should be thankful that I even recognize this asshole as a rabbi. There is no authority that you jews represent, but shit 
Judaism is terrorism. Jesus Christ jew, you have all but said it yourself with your self-identifying moniker. Jew, what do my monikers mean? Call me Paul Dailey jew punk. Or call me absolutely anything you think will help you lose your f'n unstable and highly criminal mind. Jew you suck rabbi dick spit'n swallow. Blow loads at your "Pals 
This Cunt Is DIsEASED Lost In Evil Darkness She'S Very Sick Evil Full Of Hate 
Why as you still peddling your bullshit and deceiving people? Whats fucking going wrong in that head of yours? Ive explained National Socialism to you a dozen times, my words are confirmed by Hitler, Heß and Sclachter! But you persist in spreading your fucking idiotic fantasy, stop being a silly cunt will ya! 
4/ And then everyone is like "Omg, the Constitution says I have to protect that guy! " Uh. No, it doesn't. The Constitution says that the govt can't punish him for being a retard, not that you have to allow him to be a retard in public in any way. If he was on the street screaming that, you could call the cops and have him arrested for disturbing the peace. 
If Boomers were only half as mentally retarded as white supremacists, I'd say yes. But unfortunately, nobody is even half as mentally retarded as white supremacists. 
37 people on the postcode are unemployed. We know at least one thick cunt who's in that demographic 
Shut the fuck up faggot 
Faggot much? 
Welcome to Gab! Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches on here. Don't respond to them - just them by clicking on the ellipsis on any one of their retarded postings and click on Mute. 
If you get pulled over by the cops in Mississippi and tell 'em you're from Massachusetts it's like admitting you're a faggot and a communist. 
Amy Schumer is a retarded fat cow. These clowns will do anything for publicity 
He's a nigger fuck him. Kick his ass out of the white race the faggot race traitor. 
Dick said that accusing Sir Craig Mackey of cowardice was "confused, unpleasant, personalised and ignorant The same nasty dyke calls all white woking class racist & far right. Hypothetical left wing traitors 
Look at the state of that dirty little carpet muncher. 
Clearly this 'woman' was not appointed for her abilities. She was appointed purely and simply because of her gender, sexuality and her willingness to follow the political will of her establishment masters. She, and all senior police officers are puppets of the establishment. 
And she does not mind a bit of Dick. Or Harry, or John. 
Not surprising that she defends him, she would have done the same thing - nothing. 
Re / puppet/ agentur 16. Cressida Dick (nee Dick. A very nasty piece of work "Matrix 5 principal and an alleged early adopter of the Joint Automated Booking Station Jabs for spoliation of evidence at crime scenes associated with murder-for-hire; she allegedly extorted insider of the Thomson Reuters’ Libor bank cartel to fund lesbian-controlled P3 construction contracts; she was an alleged lesbian principal in a Libor contract for the use of a Gold Room Jabs to coordinate the 2005 London Underground bombing campaign; she allegedly used the Gold Room to coordinate the July 22nd murder of prospective Gold Room whistleblower, Jean Charles de Menezes, a Brazilian technician who had installed Adt Cctv cameras which generated images of the real July bombers; she allegedly used a Jabs network set up by Wells Fargo at Canada Square in an attempted contract hit of the Russian banker, German Gorbuntsov; she is a sponsor of an alleged Common Purpose conspiracy, having attended a course in 1995/96 while serving in Thames Valley Police; she is allegedly engaged with fellow Common Purpose leaders in the lesbian and pedophile extortion of heterosexuals under the guise of promoting diversity; she allegedly first used Jabs to conceal Cctv images associated with the murder of Princess Diana; she allegedly used a Jabs installation at Wells Fargo’s Canada Square offices, Canary Wharf, to e-mail Dna, fingerprint and Cctv images from crime scenes associated with the murder of Gareth Williams (The Case of the Folded Spook; she has allegedly been using Jabs for illegal surveillance of Ministers, Vip’s and Royal Family with Rebekah Wade; she was educated at the Dragon School (Oxford), Oxford High School, and Balliol College, Oxford. " cont'd. 
She's a Common Purpose Witch! Protects antifa as they're sponsored via the Labour Party & Labour Unions - the Labour Party control the Met, the evidence is everywhere. The Msm ignore it as they're part of the Common Purpose equation: filth, the lot! 
And for the record he was & still is a despicable coward. Should be sacked & lose his pension, but that ain't going to happen as he's part of the Common Purpose equation & is being protected. 
Re / puppet/ agentur 16. Cressida Dick (nee Dick. A very nasty piece of work "Matrix 5 principal and an alleged early adopter of the Joint Automated Booking Station Jabs for spoliation of evidence at crime scenes associated with murder-for-hire; she allegedly extorted insider of the Thomson Reuters’ Libor bank cartel to fund lesbian-controlled P3 construction contracts; she was an alleged lesbian principal in a Libor contract for the use of a Gold Room Jabs to coordinate the 2005 London Underground bombing campaign; she allegedly used the Gold Room to coordinate the July 22nd murder of prospective Gold Room whistleblower, Jean Charles de Menezes, a Brazilian technician who had installed Adt Cctv cameras which generated images of the real July bombers; she allegedly used a Jabs network set up by Wells Fargo at Canada Square in an attempted contract hit of the Russian banker, German Gorbuntsov; she is a sponsor of an alleged Common Purpose conspiracy, having attended a course in 1995/96 while serving in Thames Valley Police; she is allegedly engaged with fellow Common Purpose leaders in the lesbian and pedophile extortion of heterosexuals under the guise of promoting diversity; she allegedly first used Jabs to conceal Cctv images associated with the murder of Princess Diana; she allegedly used a Jabs installation at Wells Fargo’s Canada Square offices, Canary Wharf, to e-mail Dna, fingerprint and Cctv images from crime scenes associated with the murder of Gareth Williams (The Case of the Folded Spook; she has allegedly been using Jabs for illegal surveillance of Ministers, Vip’s and Royal Family with Rebekah Wade; she was educated at the Dragon School (Oxford), Oxford High School, and Balliol College, Oxford. " cont'd. (cf) School For Future / Puppetdom In Hyper-#Luciferian, 
1/2 The accusations of cowardice against Sir Craig are not 'ignorant' they are the outpourings of a country that is disgusted not just by the cowardice itself but the circumstances of that cowardice. Commissioner Dick can't bring herself to tell the truth about the Islamic Rape Gangs and told the Greater London Assembly 
2/2 that 'we've always had grooming gangs' so why should we expect her to not defend a senior colleague who has plainly abandoned his duty and is coming in for very justifiable public criticism. 
She needs to be removed! Common purpose at its finest 
I don’t hate non-Whites because they have a different skin color. I hate their privilege to steal my tax dollars and laugh in my face with their sub par Iq, state protection. Now apply to women. Same. Worse. They have one job, and that’s not pol, nor is it to go to work/school until 35. We need patriarchy. Doesn’t have to be a fist. But it must be 
Fuck it man I haven't gotten into a street fight in ten years Meet me halfway I'm in Milwaukee I'm calling you out faggot 
Me too, a return to the Great Empire would fix the shit the world is in now! Brown and black need to relearn who rules them best 
Redneck stocking stuffer. 
The lying cunt took her money and ran 
Trudeau is a commie faggot. The wimpy canadians deserve this feminist cunt 
Lock This Satanic Cunt Up Already! 
This fat pig could only get pussy by rape. 
Another faggot down! 
Spare us that nonsense millions of eyewitnesses and films and photos and tons upon tons of physical evidence. At Last Show Some Of This You Retard Cunt. Millions of eye witnesses can you not see the problem. Just show some 
Case: 30 grand a day paid to a dyke to lie on teleprompter, and fantasise about eating pussy while you are reading Globalist Propaganda. 
Boy i'll tell ya this fucking dirtbag nigger traitor obama needs to shut his fucking mouth! Hey you stupid nigger, the world knows you are the one that "makes stuff up" they know everything that comes out of your mouth is bullshit! I suppose i would be pissed too if i saw my legacy going down in flames because of a great patriot. Trump! 
Mooch is a friggin moron but she's a nigger so that's Ok 
What i find funny. I have not heard the word negro since maybe the 90s. I heard that and instanly said to my wife. They just called kanye a nigger on national tv. Sorry negro which for the uninformed is code for nigger. If say the donald called obama a negro the left would lose their minds. 
You have done more to expose Andrew Torba as a complete incompetent fucktard than any other user in Gab history. He is not quite as retarded as you, so he may be realizing this. 
They need to stop the idea of changing our $20 bill from Jefferson to this nigger 
What a fucking liberal retard and traitor to the West. 
F. O. R. D. = Full On Retarded Democrats 
You must be retarded What you're doing isn't 
Roseann show just Fucked up America conners you dont need tell me about faggot kids or fake death of Rosann and her show asshole hollywierd democrats! 
Tennessee - Another mixed race couple relationship ends badly. Witnesses say the negro beat the White mother of his children over the head with a rock or brick repeatedly in front of her house, then ran her over with a car several times. 
Too bad he didnt kill her. A nigger lover would be dead, and the nigger would be in jail. Win, win. 
Lay with dogs, you get flea's. She got what she asked for. 
Five caged lions poisoned and mutilated at African game farm. This is the type of shithole savage that Europeans are so eager to import. 
This is what we do to May cut legs of and fucking head and stick. Fucking nosie up cunt hole 
Spic Dna is inferior in every single way you can measure it All Parameters, They Very Inferior To The Aryan 
Sadly the very best Dna was built across thousands of years of natural selection and survival of the fittest. In a world where every spic maggot lives and has 10 kids, the very best Dna is recessive and fades into history. One of the fundamental rules of Thermodynamics is that all energy systems must fall to there lowest energy state eventually. 
So we see a white babies foot to represent sand nigger Moslems, the dirty fucked up cult of Islam needs wiping from the face of the Earth! 
Flat earthers full retard mode episode 1 via 
Send in the pigs to clean up this shit. Get rid every fucking raghead immediately. 
Don, I love you because you're a low Iq twat 
Nigger beat your ass. 
You know, not being able to pick up on social cues and understand jokes is the main biproduct of autism 
Right, because "commie" and "nigger" is so much more original. Jesus Christ you're retarded 
Nancy Pelosi advocating the murder of the enemies of the Democrat party- " if there’s some collateral damage for some others who do not share our view, well, so be it " I've said it before, I'll say it again- that cunt needs to die 
This evil cunt is taken too long to die. 
White spic was suppose to leave America! 
Fuckin' niggers 
Ok retard they’re Irish 
Irish niggers. 
John mayor shut the fuck up on Boris Johnson is a man not fucking loser cunt like u prick mouth stick together to speak like Michael Cain 
Can't make America great unless the kike, nigger, & spic infestations are eliminated. White race traitors must be dealt with especially harsh. To make America great it must be White. As the country darkens so does our future. A brighter future requires a Whiter future. 
Fuk U Maggot 
More Like A Fuckin Lying Ass Faggot 
Terror attack accomplice is pictured Grinning on deportation flight where he 'smiled at little girl' while being sent back to Morocco after spending 12 years in German jail. Cunt should still be swinging at the end of a rope not loving life in Morocco. He killed 3000 Americans. 
And you sit your faggot ass on social media instead of fighting for your country you fucking twat 
. Say the faggot on social media, not fighting for his country. Super Cunt 
Faggot 
Fuck off you limey suckin' kangaroo screwin' nigger lovin' outback homo 
Another cunt that needs to be introduced to a rope and a tree 
Will it be a victory for feminism if women get the day of the rope too? 
Comedian George Lopez Confronts Trump Supporter At Hooters. Try me next WETback punk. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
"Never believe in anything until it is officially denied". Otto von Bismarck. Great friend of America who knew all about the conspiracies of elite inbred retarded scum all over Europe. Also said: "There is a Divine Providence that protects drunks, and the United States of America". 
It's origin, the cia has always been retarded inbreds, no patriots ever in any 3 letter gig. They vett the patriots out. 
I don't watch hollywood much either. Off theaters for ten years or so because they show commercials. I have one for you, it's a short, 'The Accountant' This redneck accountant shows up at a family farm, takes Pbr as payment and is there to save the family farm. 
May the cunt be raped with a broken bottle at the earliest opportunity! 
Any time that wretched cunt feels woman enough I invite her to step up. 
All these super-pac million dollar attack ads are doing exactly what the retarded left has alleged that Russia did with $100, 000 on Facebook. 
Fucking hell MS13 and the slave trade. Also the tons of drugs and child slave trade was a problem. Oh wait there this cunt wants to be inaugurated witch only the president can have the honour. 
A sealed pussy dumbass, she allow camels to sealed her pussy in exchange for a louder mouth 
All That Wasted On A Useless Cunt 
Retarded police 
Tell me why I am suppose to give a shit about this sand nigger and not the other 200, 000 that got their heads chopped off in the last 2 weeks? Spare me the selective fake outrage. Not our problem 
Lindsey graham owning retarded liberals. 
This meme is so funny. Pussy ass conservative get to feel like tough guys compared to this faggot (and doing nothing at the same time), and liberals enjoy the thought of killing everyone who doesnt think like goldfish. Literally win-win for both sides. 
Throat punch this faggot Five Finger Death Punch Also a great band Ffdp 
The Flaming faggot asshole kind, as well 
Oh God shut the fuck up you mentally retarded jew 
I understand your obsession with me. I do have a magnetic personality. But I'm not a faggot like you. So run along now. 
Prime Moron in Canada 
What a retarded asshole. 
White Nationalists are posting "Kanye escaping the Democrat Plantation" memes on Gab, Twitter and Stormfront. Why? They're not funny. They reinforce a retarded cuckservative narrative. How long until we're parroting "Democrats are the real racists! " talking points? I can't wait for 2025. 
How long until all the jews have received their or do we want to go extinct? 
Waka-wakanye. Has anybody told you you're a poet? 
Very true. And Kim Kardashian could be Cleopatra. And so Negro's = kangz at last. 
These rabid queers need to be put down like the rabid dogs we shoot. Pedophiles each and everyone of them. Suicide-Mental Institution-gunned down your choice. 
The parents of those children are disgusting. You would have to be braindead to allow your children to see that. 
This ‘muslim woman of colour’ isn’t going to miss out on an opportunity to take some money from gullible morons. 
I'll buy you a 1 way ticket to any Muzzie country of your choosing 
Fetish skins? They just look like faggot ass boneheads to me. 
Everyone who chants "Shame" at political figures they hate is a twat. 
Raises minimum wage to pay low Iq complainers. To offset this they cut employee incentives and end of month bonuses Bezos ain’t the richest faggot in the world for nuffin 
Who knew there were so many retarded women willing to embarrass themselves! 
Faggot 
A citizen of Mexico is also an American. A Canadian is an American, because they live in America. 
No, little retarded boy. The Usa, Mexico Canada all reside in America. A Texan is an American. A Mexican is an American. A Brazilian is an American. Red necks are so slow. 
No, fucktard. Canada is North America; Mexico and the other brown nations are in South America. The United States are in Central America or what the world refers to as simply America. Run along now. I think I can hear your goat calling. 
The states on the American continent are American states. 49 of them are united. The rest aren’t. United States, . Of America. Not the other way around. 
Take your Kill Whitey bullshit back to Dhimmiville you global village idiot. 
Lol I don’t wish to kill anyone. I’m just educating dumbasses that think America is Usa only. The Usa is made of states united. Non United States are still American states. It’s nothing to do with race. 
Turbo is a faggot 
A lot of Whites still don't get it, you can't just go anywhere you please anytime you want and not expect to get attacked by wild nigger beasts. We are Not all the same. 
They vote democrat like the eu support tommy robinson or Islamic as well notice how they react if you expose tommy robinson you get called a cunt like exposing the democrats 
Like basically the John Birch society except with more "Nigger Nigger Nigger" 
Also Patron tastes like shit to anyone who isn't a nigger. Patron is pure nigger juice. Everybody talks about it like it's the best drink on the planet. I'll keep my white man drinks like vodka. 
Children should be forced to learn about the Marxist murderers of every Socialist regime. And how easily a country can be taken over by them, such as exemplified by this Marxist Cunt all he wants is power and the right to wield it 
Am so amused every time when I hear Muslims being associated with Marxism or socialism. All Islamic countries are hard-core capitalists, to the degree of fascism since all socialist activists and anyone who protests for any policy that would ensure more democracy, equality and social justice, are beheaded. 
Thats not big phil, cunt never takes his sas beret off 
Some people think full retard mode is as low as you can go. Democrats always try and lower those barriers further 
You actually expect a nigger to behave like a human being? Please. 
The constant barrage of nigger this, kike that is getting tiresome and boring. 
He is the good guy! He is at least standing up to the vile Racist Jewage Sewage a little! Expel all the Racist Jew Pigs! 
How Retarded are you? He is taking on the despicable vile Racist Jew Pigs who are the scum of the world! Stalin was a filthy human sewage Jew so he is an absolute piece of excrement! Mussolini was a very good guy obviously as he fought the despicable Jew commies also! I suppose you still believe the holohoax bullshit? Jews are Liar, Murderers and Thieves! 
I actually look at Facts! Jews are responsible for all Wars and all Genocides! But you will never look at Facts now will you? It is not a theory, it is blatant Facts. Jews are lefty commie Pigs! They are responsible for over 100 million murders in the last Century. But those again are Facts! 
Same happened when I thanked that cunt on Tv for calling Trumps daughter a cunt, because I now had permission from regressives to call anyone I wanted a cunt. I then called her a repulsive cunt. Banned. 
Whoopi Goldberg Is Nothing Other Than A Dumbfuck Nigger! 
Very certain that if this muzzie coward communist traitor made a bomb, it would look like these. If questioned about the bombs he’s still going to say you didn’t make that. He can’t help it. 
What is sad is its idiots like that who fucked us. They say dont lynch niggers fair trails etc. We do and look what happens nigger city Detroit become rape capital of the world. Its not racist when your right 
>praising a nigger >the absolute state of white nationalism 
Known in the Uk as, Faggot Attractors 
Oh now they regret firing Roseanne? Where the hell were they when people were boycotting Abc for months on end? Where the hell were they when Roseanne announced that she would move to Israel until the show is canceled? That nigger president should have just slapped Roseanne with $1 million fine. 
That is an offensive image representing disgusting acts. Is she crazy? Why touch those creatures? What next kissing rats & petting roaches? She should be far more careful around dangerous vile beasts. Niggers do Not make for good pets & in any case should not be allowed indoors or outdoors anywhere near people. 
Don't need to mute him. Sure his anti-White racism (I like pro-White racism/racialism) is perverse, but he only commented once to one of my posts. Perversity & racial treason is the norm for christ-insanity faggots. Being a nigger & kike lover is as sick as it gets. Many niggers even hate niggers. Thanks for the concern though Charles 
There are 800 in London along as the wee dyke running the Met has them trolling for any statements Muslim find offensive. They are building files on anyone like Shaun Bailey that speak out against the crime Muslims cause. 
That nigger would be shown, if that turns out to be true, that he bleeds red just like everyone else. Good excuse to get rid of him and his pet tranny. 
I've seen this shit circulating and you'd have to be a fucking retard to not understand the (math) involved here. 61mil Ss recipients totals $732billion/year. We have 5 former Presidents for a total of $2. 5mil; which would not even cover a drop in the bucket of Ss. Don't get me started on how the average person who works full time only pays in $2k/yr. 
Im sink-faucet-face-pounding any dick packing faggot that tries to peep at my future grandkids. 
This is how the threat from tranny/homo/pedo freaks should be handled. You want to take your dick into a girl’s locker room because you call yourself a woman? Good, then I’ll walk my dick in right behind you, beat the fucking sense into you, and drag your degenerate ass back out. Keep doing this until their suicide rate is 100%. 
Start with that cunt and everybody that voted for him 
She wins stupid Cunt of the Day! 
Dressing Like A Nigger Slut! 
Ah, an Npc! You are right though in some respects. Not many Racist askeNAZI Jews or despicable human sewage Democrats Pigs! All Democrats are completely Hateful Bigots but they don't know because of the Mass Retardation of the left! The Jewish Supremacists who coined the false term white supremacists are Racist Pigs! The level of discourse on twatter has the intelligence level of a gnat! I am a Liberal but I have the intelligence to use the word properly. Racist Retarded Bigot Democrats can only regurgitate what they have been told to think! 
Have an abortion if it’s a male baby inside of you to prevent him from turning into a rapist. Too many risks involved with having a boy. But if you can’t abort, use formula to polute his body & make him an obese baby. Don’t give him them the necessary organic nutrients from your own body. I’m a dumb feminist cunt who hates men! This is all I heard. 
Nigger the Us has killed millions. Stfu reddit. 
I hope a Nigger doesn't win. It makes me sick when I see a black Nigger holding up the lottery check. 
Macron with his convicted criminal nigger toyboys 
I'm posting under my own name. You're the Coward, "White Dragon". I have no obligation to agree with chicken-shit morons just because you claim to be white. I'd bet there's a little nigger in you. 
Nigger Vergewaltiger frisch aus dem Knast entlassen - vergewaltigt gleich die nächste 21-Jährige. 
Geht in Ordnung. Ich hab sowieso nix gegen Nigger! 
Schnell ein Stuhl kreis 
Free Them ALLThe Truth Fears No Investigation: Please Post-Everywhere 
The left only wants violence that has no consequences. Paid protesters know they will get a top quality jew lawyer if caught, that's why a jew dyke is willing to stab a cops horse to favor sharia law. 
Lol yikes son. You couldn’t even lift my ruck. 
Bet you’re a Mgtow 
No just made you my bitch faggot 
Laugh it up, antifa. We know your fatass is owned by soros. Fat commie shit lib. Lickin kike dicks 
Saw you in your green sweater. 
Fashionable, right? 
Caught you fat antifa scum. 
So this libshit crone gets back on the tweeter after death threats? Jack is a faggot he hasn’t learned shit. 
The Suicide Rate is actually a Million Times Higher with Faggot Liberals such as yourself Most of us White Nationalists have Good Jobs & are Happy because we Don't use Drugs, Marry Evil Jew Wenches (or Niggers) or Deal in anything that Makes Life Miserable. We are here to Save our White Race out of Sheer Gratitude & Love for said Glorious White Race. 
Signs of bizarre nigger thinking. 
Wow the dirty cunt is mad that ppl are sending her threats. I wouldn't have threatened you I Would Have Beat Your Ass And Put Your Bitch Ass Through Your Desk Sugar! 
Burn Every synagogue of satan, every jewish house to the Ground! Juden Raus! 
Where do you get these Jew Lies? The catholic church as been compromised for a long time and obviously the Vatican is patently Satanic now. Martin Luther was 100% right and the Pamphlet "The Jews and their Lies" should be required reading for all Christians as it echos what Jesus taught us about the fake Jews and their father the devil. But the Satanic Jews will weasel their way into anything wholesome and destroy as they are obviously parasitical cancer. Nothing changes the Fact that the people who call themselves Jews but are not are sub human feral beasts and a completely inferior species. They are retarded but the inverted satanic world was created around these low Iq robots. You were wrong about Voltaire and I don't believe you here either. You believe Jew Lies as they always rewrite history to take out all the scum that they do! 
So how is it with faggot Muslims? They throw themselves off the roofs? 
Gab Nazi: "Jews control the world" Me: Actually Jews only represent 0. 2% of the world's population and besides. Muslims make up 24% of the population. Do Jews control them too? Gab Nazi: ". Kike! " 
According to Vanity Fair, the Jerusalem Post, and others, the richest 50-75% of people in the world are Jewish. Jews control the Fed, all the biggest banks, Wall Street, and the Msm. You are a liar, Jay, and probably a Jew. 
Quoting the Jerusalem Post a few years ago. Joe Biden also exposed the normalizing of homosexuality as a Jewish project, he publicly gave them credit for it. Joel Stein, a Jew, bragged Jews control Hollywood. Adam Sandler wrote a song about it. I'll send a copy to your cave if you'll send me the address. 
Jews also led the open-borders and mass immigration, though "Christians" have started piling on in recent years. Feminism is 100% Jewish. Almost all Jews up until very recently were communists. Most put Israel first before America even today. See David Horowitz, the NeoCons, Joseph McCarthy, et al. It's not just a few, it's 98% of them and always has been. 
You're talking about mostly progressives their religion is barely even relevant 
You're deflating like a balloon, Jay, ha. Their religion is not relevant? Tell me what the Talmud, the holy book which influences almost all forms of Judaism, says about Jesus and Mary. About raping little kids? To understand the evil that is Judaism, see E Michael Jones, Michael A Hoffman, and Brother Nathaniel Kapner. 
I've read those Talmud quotes you're refering to about kids Nazis / Muslims take them out of context 
Feel free to put them into context. 
For chrissakes can't you look them up yourself, Like I Did 
I know what the Talmudic passages say about Jews being able to have sex with 3 year olds and such. You said the quotes needed to be put into context. So, put them into context or shut the fuck up, retard. 
Shut me up, retard 
You running your cocksucker helps expose kike shills such as yourself. Lololol. 
When you desperately don't want anyone to notice you're a nigger 
For some reason, you want everyone to forget that you are a nigger 
This but niggers and Jewish cartoons 
When you're on the confirmed nigger database 
Since that retarded asshole Justin Trudeau and the retarded Torontonians love irregular migrants so much, Trump should put the Caravan invaders on Greyhound busses and ship them right to the Canadian border and tell them to go to Toronto to get free food, housing, health care, and $50, 000 cash each. Problem Solved. 
I have. 1% African, . 2% middle eastern, and 11% Spanish. So I can freely use the terms nigger, sand nigger or Dune cune and can Not be called a racist 
I recall that obnoxious cunt 
Any black, Conservative or anyone who is black and disagrees with the left is called a "Coon" or "Uncle Tom, " so much for tolerance. 
Don't forget " House Nigger " 
Any party that is too afraid to tell us, specifically, that they appreciate our votes, cannot be called "the party of White people. " Have you lost your fucking mind? I smell a rat. You and ran into some kike money in exchnge for moderating your message and you caved just like Trs and Tds, didn't you? 
Btw, I've yet to see either cuckwell or ricky howe address the fact that the r party is now aggressively courting the spic vote. How are you gonna spin that fbi shill n001 and n002? 
Hang the Nigger. Stupid assholes. 
Replace Democrats with the filthy Racist Jew Pigs and I will agree with you! Everyone needs to start naming the filthy Jew! 
Racist Jews run the Racist brainwashed retarded monkey brain Npc human sewage Democrats! 
A Jew and a gay Nigger login to twitter with tons of lube and dildos. 
Muhfuggin deray salivates for cuck jack 
When I found out deray was an actual faggot, after calling him a faggot on twitter when it was ok to do it, I was mad because calling a faggot a faggot isn't fun. 
Lmao you retard how old are you? Just another isolated crazy oldfag trying to act hard, that retard didnt help anybody with his actions 
The Nigger wont be happy untill Your head is on a Spear. Learn to Fight, Learn to Fight in the Most Dirty of ways. Trump isnt going to be around forever. Byron de la Vandal 
That's sort of my reaction when I hear nigger music. I feel you. Sorry about that. Signed -The West Ps Nuke Hollywood, I'm serious. 
Has Kate moved into a mental health institution, or Greggs, or on another Holiday? Where Is The Fat Cunt? 
3 holidays before Christmas doh. Perhaps she's referring to her period when she has to take a break from whoring herself 
She can't afford a bastard wash the filthy fat cunt 
So to Cnn I'm just a dumb nigger who can't read. I don't like making threats but, boy come say that here in New York in Long Island and see what happens. 
Trump Rejects ’60 Minutes’ Pressure, Promises Border Fixes Trump destroyed that ib twat on 60 minutes, love it. 
When the subhuman nigger sees an exquisite White beauty, his immediate instinct is to defile it, kill it, and then gloat about it before her family and friends. 
Wanna know the saddest part? She was dating a mulatto when this happened, who of course just shat on his pants like a coward and didn't do anything. So either way it was just a matter of time until her genes were gone. 
Mother of. This mudsharking disease has gone worldwide, threatening to extinguish the lineages of even the best specimens of Whiteness. 
I think the problem is that niggers don't think. There's no inner voice. They act on instinct, and their instincts are demonic. 
Should replace it with a statue of an old nigger smoking crack to really capture the spirit of the city. 
She's just a dyke that thinks she is a comedian (not comedienne) 
Shitbama the nigger moslem fraud Made This 
What fucking retards would pay to see an ol horsefaced murdering cunt and a rapist? 
The last one should be stupid retarded fool/moron. 
I ain't Jewish, pal. I'm a proud white man, just like the rest of you. I just don't buy into your fucked up ideology. Try again. 
If you weren’t jewish, and truly were a proud white Man then you wouldn’t be talking about killing straight white men. Either way you’re not what you claim to be. Yawn. 
You've got a point, actually. 
And another one begins their adventure down the rabithole. Good luck! 
You can blame Gta 4 for that. Lmao 
I will wear your lipstick ring around my cock cunt 
Public hanging for this nigger sow. Let it be a short drop so she twists for a while. 
I never thought I would choose to vote for a faggot but this one is worth keeping in Dc 
You shit stained little cum guzzling retarded ass maggot. 
White boomers didn't fuck nigger you asswipe 
My favorite part of this obviously retarded posting is the insinuation that Democrats tell the truth Ever in any shape, manner or form. Bwahahahahahahahaha. Oh that's a good one. 
Lol, oh it's the same around here. People seriously become partially retarded once it starts snowing. It's very easy to spot who's from around here and who isn't. 
- "The young lady [dyke] responsible for the 'Queer Kid Stuff' Yt-Channel is making videos that are ideological and political. The videos explain what 'Lgbtq+' is- to a target audience of toddlers". 
This is who they all are. Andy Cohen who rose out of absolutely no where, the Faggot Maggot on the depraved Bravo Channel trotting out Goyim = Housewives Shows & others. He even posted on twitter he hates all White People. Cocaine drug head & pedophile like all of them. 
Go fuck yourself quick history lesson for you hilter modelled his movement on the Italian fascista movement Mussolini was a leftist just like hitler national socialist were leftist the key is in the name so all you nazi's are by default leftists have a shitday cunt 
Cunt 
Hillary the cunt 
How does a bint like this get to be a baroness? 
This is when you know the world is fucked up. Children of decent hard working families in the Uk Usa go hungry, old people freeze to death in winter because they cannot afford heating then celebs get 15 million a movies and some cunt can pay over a million dollars for a bottle of plonk. 
Fact, The Most Racist countries on the Planet are Nigger Countries, number one was India, then asian shitholes, they, re just a bunch of hypocrites 
You useless cunts abuse that money and power too keep other who dont like your ugly fuckin cunt faces on our television screens 24/7, by harassing us buying houses here, and fuckin vandalizing and shit by paying others to do it like fuckin bunch of wuss pussies 
Fuck Islam Mohammad was nothing but a dog fucking retard 
Muzzy I used to work with is behind this 'Riz Test'. Look at the ridiculousness of it. So I guess there has never ever been any white people who have been portrayed in the exact same ways. He's gone so militant since I worked with him years ago. He's just missing his fist long beard. Cunt 
Seems like to me Grab ‘em by the pussy isn’t such a bad idea. Sure is nice to wake up to no tranny porn 
It's been over 24 hours of not being slammed with that fairy gay faggot tranny porn shit. 
Some cunt named Clinton 
Your baby thinks your a retarded kiler 
Everyone was retarded at one point. The only question is: when truth comes knocking at the door, will you listen? Dunno who said it but "Anyone who is not left wing as a child is heartless, anyone who is not right wing as an adult is brainless" is pretty spot on (but we can discuss how inaccurate it is becoming as people, especially children, are waking up. 
I killed my Netflix sub months ago when they announced this retard had a show and the commie Valerie Jarrett was on the board. Never again Netflix. And I Do Not Miss It 
I am last millennium as well i expect people to be consistent and to think instead of screech and throw shit like retarded monkeys on crack 
Breaking. Blasey Ford up for the Anita Hill cunt of the year award. 
>worshipping the mystical sky faggot Actually being this mentally ill 
This doesn't look hysterical or retarded at all. 
Most ppl who talk about the working class doesn't have a clue how fucking retarded the working class is. 
Not as retarded as the middle class ofc 
You’re a fucking faggot torba 
Retarded liberals seem to know a lot about hell. 
. He's also a delusional twat 
I'm curious, did you vote for Obama (no, once, or twice? He achieved absolutely nothing, except via "Executive Orders", which have All been cancelled! I should add that, I grew up in Virginia back in the 60's, and some of my best friends were Black, but when Blacks start looting stores during a disaster, like the recent flood, then they become niggers! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Another in a long line of Zerobama's criminal Cabinet folk! Loretta Lynch is another Fucking Retard! 
Eric holder is a nigger piece of shit as is the lump of shit standing next to him 
Those youth display a certain strength and determination in their faces and in their demeanor. They also look very healthy. Go to any shopping mall in modern America and see wimpy, washed out looking slobs roaming like zombies with their Nigger playmates and fellow dope smokers. 
You know this dyke bitch produces smegma at an astounding rate! You also know by looking at her that she never washes down there. You can probably smell that goddamn box from across the room! 
>house nigger who's owned by mamzers >a free thinker pick one 
She meant to say jews but the dumb nigger got confused. 
They had Power. You have a Joke. If you can't see the difference, you are Clown Cunt playing a larping game. You have not produced a damn thing. This is Why your coward ass to fall back on the Church and Days of Old. You Know you have failed. Cunt. 
Of course the Jewish nobel peace prize goes to a nigger and a rape victim, rather than Trump who only de-escalated the threat of nuclear war with Russia and started peace negotiations with North Korea. 
All the wealthy white students here are holding hands with nigger migrants. They think their cool but I know they will end up destroyed one way or another. 
You're getting there Uk. Keep letting them in and coddling them. All you need to do is hit 16% muzzie to reach the critical mass where Islamist is impossible to stop. You all Will be Muslim or killed. Your wammen Will be all wearing burkas. 
Your fight is not fighting, it's surrendering. You can tell by the dead muzzie body count. The score is thousands of rapes and stabbing, , how many dead muzzies. Zero! 
Since words hurt some people, they are the weak and should be thrown to the wolves! All Retarded Democrats at this way! 
Remember that time when bush was in office and retarded know nothing conservatives said that a high tech police state internet censorship was just conspiracy theory? The bush administration had Zero resistance from the republican voter while he helped set up the censorship grid. 
Nigger crapper makes a shit video with a Melania look-alike. Wtf? They have no shame. 
This poll proves that gaggers are over 70% illiterate redneck morons. 
Another hillbilly with a false dichotomy seared into his brain. Lol so dumb. 
Nigger 
Crazy how we have to explain this slowly to cuckservatives like they're retarded children. 
You are a nigger lover. Fuck off. 
Retard muted 
Ugh, some retarded comments by the right on the Faith video, they so badly want this to be about religion. 'White people represent Christianity. ' No they don't, desert people doP 
This is going to happen more frequently and i support it. If the Government wont protect children from these faggot pedos, then the men have a duty to do so. 
Another Faggot Muted & Reported for spamming tranny porn Just once I'd like to meet one of you ass wipes face to face You'll no longer have any fingers to punch buttons or keys again 
I swear if I ever find this Chad bigly cunt here I'm gonna fuck open you throat with a shovel sanz 
All white women should carry a gun on them so they can shoot any nigger that tries to rob or rape them. 
Behead him and twist his nigger head off after the first cut. Lol 
Oooooooooooohhhh. God. When is that old fucking cunt going to Fucking Die? 
I use to do door to door fundraising for red cross Canada. By the 4th month I was having a nervous breakdown and almost snapped on this old man who decided to give me along winded speech about how it's inconvenient to him that I knocked at his door. Later I stole the head of his nigger statue 
The rest of the world are also talking shit about retarded Americans you stupid fat cunt 
Zero Fucks for the rest of the World Zero Fucks for chicks with dicks and dudes with tits (this was my twitter ban statement haha) America First 
Have you considered mailing some bombs to Hillary Clinton or shooting up a synagogue to bring attention to your unhappiness about women with penises and men with breasts? This seems to be the best method for bringing attention to you deluded psychopaths 
Fuck that cunt 
People that irritate me get force removed and muted because. Well. Tbh. I am an evil when irked cunt and selfish about what i spend my time looking at. I'm a cranky Bitch that way. Ill never hit 5k. 
Faggot 
Karen Johnson is one stupid nigger 
For those of u tht know me. Ilost thousands of followers. Shill for me i need to find ppl is my new one. Muthafuck jack and muthafuck george soros. Hes the jew cunt tht got me banned 
Most Ussr jew wasn't killed by Stalin. Them flee to Israel in 1970s and later. You are greatly retarded as you compare 1933 and 2015. 
Yes, that’s raghead alright. Brilliant! 
I mean, Sodom and Gomorrah, anyone? Leave it to some degenerate, doublethink faggot to have this cognitive dissonance. All this insanity is exhausting. 
Could have been much worse " C. Nt " 
This is Gab you are allowed to call a cunt a cunt. 
Social Justice Warriors Vs Logic (Sans Edition) [Sjw Meltdowns] Watch the old fool at the beginning. He openly stated he could rape her, that it was his right to do so. Also, note the woman who claimed the little Nigger grabbed her ass. The news claimed she was White. She is a Jew. Last name (Klein. 
Do you have a job? Or do you just sit on your faggot ass all day on Gab? 
Boo hoo hoo muh Pedophile Racist Nigger Nazi wittle fweelings r hurt send an 2 5 1 6 ambwwaaaaalance g ilmr ton Yes Vir Gin i ate der eez ein sand claws ches peak Fu118 
She says: "If you breastfeed your sons, you are training them to be rapists when they grow up. You're basically teaching them that they can touch a woman's body whenever they want. If you oppose rape, stop breastfeeding boys! " Her profile says: "Scholar. Activist. The first openly Lgbtqia+ Muslim Imam(ah), fighting for intersectional feminist social justice. " I said: *speechless* 
Jesusfuckinchristonagodamnfuckincrutch that is one confused cunt 
I see that whilst "Down under" Harry and Meghan are having a go at Aussie rules. He's fucked off out bush for a week fishing, boozing, fighting and playing catch with his mates whilst she stays at home whining to her mates about what a lazy, useless cunt her old man is. Bliss! 
Why, is it going to somehow morph into something intelligent? And since we are being insulting for the Hell of it I haven't fucked a retard since the last time I saw your Mother. How's that? 
Prove your claims, faggot 
Its Called A Undercover Investigation You Dumb Cunt Lol Claire Mccaskill Demands Special Prosecutor For Project Veritas ‘Fraud’ 
Commie Racist Faggot 
Where do you find all the despicablevile Racist Jews and Democrats? The morally degenarate human sewage lefitst scum cannot actually debate becasue they are low life excrement! All Racist Sexist Democrats are brainwashed retarded monkey brains! All Democrats need to be flushed! 
Completed 5: Passionate Patti Does A Little Undercover Work. This was fun as fuck! From Larry getting blown under the table to Patti getting her twat pounded under the table, what can I say? Looking forward to the next game! 
Bolshevik cunt, sit the fuck down 
Is that all that you can repeat with your tiny cunt brain? 
And lying nation-wrecking jew filth has liberals, feminists, and christlings believing this disgusting vile nigger beast creature is human. No, it's not human but more closely related to an ugly gorilla in appearance and behavior. Just look at it. Only an idiot would think that shit-bag is human. 
Faggot 
He looks fabulous in his indoctrination hat doesn't he fellas? We should be thanking the for creating these. They let everyone know who's the intolerant closed minded emotionally unstable retard in the group. It's like the new I'm with stupid sign. 
This is triggering. Kill all pitbulls or such like (inb4 you tell me its some other type of nigger dog. 
Nigger byatches on here better Stfu before I set out of find your black motherfucking asses~you corksuckers should have been exterminated or sent back To Africa following the Civil War! 
I would share this video to the pro-israeli christians but sadly i do not think any fucking christian zionist is able to listen anything that isn't completely retarded for more than 3 minutes 
10/ Semi-related, that's the same with 2nd Amendment absolutists. Like Jim Losi seriously and literally says that there should be no restrictions on guns, including for criminals and the mentally ill. He told me that directly. If that's your position and you think you're a "super patriot, " you're actually just a retard. 
Fuck off nigger 
What a Hypocrite Fucking Disgusting Muzzie Bitch! These assholes want everyone to convert to their shitty satanic ideology, but We ‘whites are not allowed to marry within Our Own Racial group. Bitch Who The Fuck Are You to tell Anyone who they can marry. 
That half nigger Anglin what does that abomination know about what white peoples' need etc are? Fuck em and let them fuck off on the kike they rode on 
They're niggers for nigger sake they love to Nig their surroundings 
The nigger kneelers and the Nfl can go to hell. Never again. 
Omg! I can't believe the retard inbred blacks in my area who think Obama deserved another term! 
We all know what a useless twat Emmanuel Macaroni is. 
Don’t be a cunt all your life 
Faggot 
What kind of retard says climate crisis is his number 1 issue. Holy crap. 
Only a retarded Demonrat who has been paid to loose. And he will loose Bigly. 
The states is also suffering now as well, even more so with retarded socialism and communism. 
Muzzie are not allowed to have fun so drinking isn't allowed 
Whiny cunt trying to act as though she is of any significance 
True, but he lost because nigger turnout was Massive. Like 98% turnout. That is Incredible. 
Oh no, there's a new Balkan Route as of summer '18 that the pathetic yellow retard hasn't yet heard of LoL Say hello to your new sons-in-law in pic 1, danish dwarf 
It means I live in close proximity to, and have a lifetime experience of living around, having to go to school with, having to work with, and having to go to the same grocery store with motherfucking sub human, knuckle draggging, ape level Iq Niggers. How’s that? 
You’re a real genius you know that? Maybe you’ll understand finally when a nigger is hacking your head off with a machete. Of course it will be too late then won’t it? 
Retarded she is 
Nigger 'victim" vs kike whore: 
"me following him" I claimed this where? Go back to washing nigger feet, christ tard. 
Lol, it is serious though. Today reality is what you read in the news. It has encouraged the vile Muzzie mob. 
Excellent - Now I hope his faggot boyfriend doesn't have the money to bail him out. 
Muslims rape and beat their women and inbreed with them to create retarded children that can be weaponized against non-Muslims. As our population dwindles because our women are too good to have children, Islam will replace us, and it won’t be fun for western women. See Sweden. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
You are such a retarded moslem. Mueller can't indict the president. Lmao. 
His Name Is Actually "KEKIsTANI Sailor" Lol What A Faggot 
Please don’t tell my wife nazigirl! Please! 
You know what's so great about this kike faggot? He calls himself a "kekistani sailor" but fails to realize the kek flag is based off of a natsoc flag. Lol! 
Who treats their ammo like books, anyways read a book, nigger 
3. 5 guns are not enough, you need more. Are you a retard? 
Yup. Retard. 
The Virgin Broastie vs the Chad Thot Patrol Faggot 
I seen on new today that some one but a bomb out side soros door what the fucking matter with you can't you even do job right next time blow the evil cunt up in the home or out get A bigger bomb go to plan b 
Or me and this sand nigger here will shoot you down with technology. 
Tell her I said shes a vile fucking rat heeb and I hope some nigger blows her away at a gas station and steals the shit she has on her 
You are a dyke, a nigger loving dyke 
How do we get this vile self opinionated scum out of our country. 
Wrong Way Round Oh Mentally Retarded Muslim! 
Hope you didn't forget the time are Beta Male prime minister passed a retarded bill that made gender discrimination a crime. If you refused to identify someone by their pathetic gender identity that went against the biological standard of male / female. 
Prove to me that there Is a kike "god" and I'll gladly submit. Until then, shut your fucking stupid ass kike-loving cocksucker! Fuckhead! 
Blah blah blah. Using one kike book to defend the other kike book is fucking just making you sound so much more believable! Fucking idiot! Yer a cunt hair from being muted because I just hate stupid bible thumping dumbfucks! 
Take that retarded from office 
She was a Write-in by the Dems. Now let's do her properly in 2022. It seems like a long time, but with President Trum at help for next 6 years, I think Alaskans can handle a fake whiny bitch. 
Jew are african's we call the nigger's cause the y come from nigger in Africa 
Well in that case then shut up about your redneck french revolution 
Corrupt nigger rulers of S Africa will just piss it away. They are niggers. 
I did something bitch, early voted Gop across the board so go and fuck your liberal lesbian self, Cunt from Hell! 
If Florida wanted to Nigger things up We would elect a biological monkey 
Theresa May is a total cunt out for what she can get. She dooesn’t give a fuck about Brits 
Get a life you fucking sperm guzzling little faggot fuck bitch boy. What a pathetic, miserable piece of fucking slimy shit. Enjoy your pathetic life bitch 
Get back in the closet tranny! 
Did you know this Jewish professor, who are responsible for legalization of trannies and faggots? 
Cory booker another paid for sand nigger 
Damn white women. She's one of those people who thinks the world owes her one because she crapped out a retard baby. 
Amy = dumb twat 
The only way to remedy the jewish problem in the long term is to wake up as many people as possible. A guy going out and killing jews makes it harder to wake normies up. Society as a whole must deal with the jews. And vigilantism will only impede achievement of the societal mass-awakening. If anyone who is woke to the jews can honestly say that upon their initial awakening, that unilateral action did not cross their mind, comment here, and I will call you a liar. We are dealing with the most genocidal, evil, deceptive group of people to ever live, and some people who wake up to their evil just cannot bear the pain that comes with being awake before a critical mass of the population is awake. If you feel like hurting jews, Just Go Out And Name The Jew instead. 
Every single muh pr faggot is an ungrateful piece of human garbage. Robert Bowers is a hero. 
How Can Ppl Look Up To This Pos. He Hated Himself 4BEING 1/2 Jew Going To Rome Area Bath Houses Fucking Little Boy'S A Lot Of Little Boy'S If U Like This Faggot Ur A Pos ToO. 
Sionist thinking: "Area Bath Houses Fucking Little Boy'S A Lot Of Little Boy'S If U Like This Faggot Ur A Pos Too. " sionist often use sexual perversity because sionist are low level dont have morals or etic. 
Faggot ass generation 
I know we have to be calm right now but it fucks with my mind so much that these ppl are in jail when that nigger and other communists are still free 
Tfw 1 cat has just figured out he's a nigger 
I <3 cats! 
#Q Sounds like that faggot esoteric entity. There will never be anarchy. The issue isn't even the state. It's the nature of the state. And deplorable me is a fag. 
Not sure if its indeed a bot or retarded 
Yes, this is even better, Commies shooting beautiful unarmed women. Big brave men. Don't think for a minute that today's green haired Dyke slugs wouldn't do the same to us and our wives and children now if given the chance. We have Everything against us but somehow we must overcome through wit and wile and defeat these Commies or it's over. Now is the time for words and ideas, act now before things get very much worse. Strength in numbers. 
Thanks for the pics. I had a cunt on gab dox me to this filthy kike. 
And a nigger first lady 
He was such a fucking nigger 
Yeah, I saw the comments on Vee's stream with Metokur - holy shit, what a bunch of brow-nosing Sjw Lite faggots he has following him. 
He's a wigger terrorist. 
Look at what this retarded boomer said to me It would be a shame if your caretakers killed you in your sleep 
Fuck off, you worthless millennial cunt! 
Scruffy Harry with his chocolate medals. I was kind of feeling sorry for him and his shock after unveiling this plaque. The Queen or whoever decided on wording definitely meant to humiliate him. This is what happens when you marry a nigger hooker, Harry boy. You unveil plaques which don't even bear your name. 
I don't see how. When it was originally opened by Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, in 1934 the memorial read: "Opened by the son of a King. " Now it reads "grandson of a Queen". This is correct. 
In my opinion that was demeaning and humiliating as well, as Duke of Gloucester was one of sons, just like Harry is one of grandsons. If they were only son/ grandson it would be Ok, although it's always better to put the name down. 
He's a minor Royal of no importance now, so he'll have to get used to this kind of thing 
Ha. These royal assclowns, encrusted with their unearned medals & thick gold braid. Lol. 
"By a grandson of the Queen". Wow. 
Halfwit grandson at that Lol 
Gee, you didn't know that a Jew or the Jew media won't necessarily admit a person is Jewish when they are a krypto (Jews that infiltrate as something else) 
Haha, you are retarded my friend 
Aine Is An INSAnE Retard Copyright Loki 2018 Retard. Go away. Retard. 
They are cleaning up the oceans one nigger at a time. 
Saudi Arabia is an amazing purchaser, Trump said. Defense stocks are pummeled right now are they not? Need that sale, goy. "Watch out, Redneck Zionist coming through. " 
Strange How Some Faggot Who "Identifies" As A Woman, Doesn't Shave His Fucking Beard Off! 
I only mute fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches on here because they are so annoying with their "I want to masturbate with photos of Adolf Schicklgruber! Heil Schicklgruber! " Lol 
Thankfully, @a @e stopped the fairy gay faggot tranny porn problem. None since they implemented their fix. 
She prob said nigger when she was 2 years old. Ha! 
You boomers are what raised the kids to be this way, retard 
No she doesn't. She's a dyke 
Another game the schools play, encourage students to apply, rake in application fees even though they know you have no chance of getting in, expect if black or spic and can play a game, build up their selectivity standing so students will feel grateful and special to be paying out the ass! 
So, another Nigger will never see the W. H 
There will Never be another sand Nigger in the White House in my lifetime. Even the Mexicans hate sand niggers 
Once martial law is declared, because of you fucktard liberals/socialists/communists, all hell is going to break loose. You think they are going to investigate thousands of dead fairy gay Antifa faggots? They will be too busy trying to stop you domestic terrorists from rioting. 
I think you should go to hell where you belong, fairy gay faggot libtard. 
And for you, fairy gay faggot. 
Its a troll by leftists to show how retarded tea party boomers are 
Nigger its well known around these parts that im firmly against tacti-hoes. Pull Ur Head Out Of Ur Ass U Homo! 
It's part of the campaign to brainwash Whites into acting and thinking like niggers. That way they will be more amenable to breeding with them, in the process breeding ourselves out of existence. Also, parents who hop from one nigger bed to the next tend to be shitty parents. Look at the way niggers parent their sprogs. 
Man, he's really scraping the barrel. First he marries a Kennedy, finally admits uses steroids, produces a bastard spic kid and now playing the apology game. He's finished. Too bad. I really liked the Terminator. 
No fuck that! If not raised with Ethnos to love her race and fear the other. To know her place as child bearer for her people amd love to her protector. Christianity is multicultural bullshit. Race mixers! Nigger lovers! 
Fuk That Retarded Looking Zio-Dikhead 
If these bitches called me toxic to my face, Id probably show them about real toxicity. Im sick of this retarded shit. 
We need another Operation WeTBACK in the Us. 
Has Kate moved into a mental health institution, or Greggs, or on another Holiday? Where Is The Fat Cunt? 
3 holidays before Christmas doh. Perhaps she's referring to her period when she has to take a break from whoring herself 
Her punters won't like that. A cunt that smells like a Scottish trawler will put even desperate tramps off 
National Socialism can restore America to a place of joy and safety, a land with no Nigger crime and no Muslim terror. Sounds good to me! What are we waiting for! We already know republicans and Demoncrats are no help! 
Well, that's some fairy gay faggot shit there. Lol 
No, nigger gene is so powerful that a half-black mulatto kid is a niglet. 
What about the people like me that think it's a fucking joke played on gullible fools? I can just carry on with my life. Qed. That's how reality works, something that you seem to have left far behind. So Q all the Q you want and be as retarded as you need to be to feel good about yourself. No bother to "prove" Q or Bigfoot or Space Aliens or any other fools errand. 
They Can Mindlessly Play Video Games For Hours As Life Passes Them By, They Order Weird OverPriced FooFoo Faggot Fake Coffees With Whipped Cream And Other Crap In It, That’s About It For These Hypersensitive Politically Correct Asexuals, I Can’t Think Of Anything! 
Nigger 
We aren't doing The Jews today. We're doing The Morris Dancers. Any useful comments on them? ) 
Lol You again eh. I'm centre-right fella, not left wing like you ) 
Are you not the guy who gets pity fucks from a horse faced nigger? You don't get to lecture anyone about shame. 
I get to lecture you everytime you come on here. Just admit it, you're a lazy socialist on Welfare, living off the money of working blacks, gays and Jews lol 
Just admit it, this is the kind of marxist programming, that most NPCs regurgitate, looking for brownie points from their Jewish overlords. 
No no no. Most of your Marxist socialist cousins are on benefits and Welfare too. They just went to uni and got a Marxist indoctrination and a shite Liberal Arts degree. They hate successful folk as much as you do. All in it together eh ) 
Guess you aren't going to answer that part Joe. You are only comfortable putting your opponents into little boxes that you understand, then arguing against your own preconception. Your entire dialogue style so far has been a repetition of Saul Alinsky's 5th Rule 
You put yourself in a clear box in your own bio pillock. ". To Harass Reds and Intimidate Kikes Everywhere Da Goyim Know" Left wing Jew hatred and Reds in the Us are Republicans I believe. Clinton Democrats harass Reds. You're a feking socialist. Own it, like I've owned you ) 
If you actually believe everyone here's bio is 100% stoic seriousness are jump to conclusions based on people's bios, they just perhaps you are the snowflake Joe. 
It really doesn't bother me what your bio says fella. You wrote it. If you don't "harass" Republicans and Jews then you're a bit of a twat for saying you do aren't you lol 
Sorry i forgot that satire was more illegal than murder where you are. Thanks to your friends the Jews. 
That isn't satire. It's just stating who you don't like lol 
Also, Reds as in Red indians. Not republicans. They were a real political group, around the time Jfk was murdered. You could always look it up, as you have google. 
Hahahahahahaha Now he has to pretend that when he says he hassles Reds in his bio it means Red Indians. Who hassles Red Indians ffs? Lots of morons hassle Republicans. Usually left wing ones lol 
Loki Take Diz Bird Shit Mroe SErious DAn U Cunts Ever Do probably think this funyn joke retard honestly, request it 4 yoursefl Cunt We built it 4 a reason. 
At least she doesn't look like Christine Ford's Dyke attorney! And the beaked nose one! 
Ok Republicans are Retards! This man is no different than Kommie Kate Bisexual Brown! You should have voted Sam Carpenter, for God's sake he was photographed in Oregon holding a rifle at a gun range. But oh no, you Retard Republicans picked Knute. This "Republican" is pro gay, anti Kavanaugh, pro choice and now also worried about climate change. Hmm choices, choices. Kommie Kate Bisexual Brown or Kommie Kate Bisexual Brown 2. 0. 
It took as little time to make as it takes to debunk every one of your retarded beliefs. Go play with your niglet grandkids. 
Without the kike infestation of Germany where jews were Financially Genociding Germans, then "nazism" would never have existed. Evil Exists Because Jews Commit Acts Of Evil. Jews are currently genociding Palestinians because you know. Muh "nazism". Lol Faggot jew lover. 
Calling me a faggot jew lover when I probably actually agree with of your concerns about the adverse affect Jewish Liberalism has had and is having on our culture. 
Trudeau. Your faggot "leader" 
Good, fuck that retarded brownie 
Diseased Degenerate Cunt 
Fuck the prophet and fuck these niggers. Why do niggers think being a muzzie makes them a higher class nigger? They're still niggers. And we still hate them 
None of them can be trusted. The moment they have the opportunity, their inner nigger comes out. Look at Bill Cosby. 
Once again I log on and these fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches are posting tranny porn in my timeline/ Isn't Gab banning these bloody faggots via Ip address, @a @e? 
Are you being sarcastic? How are they Neo-Nazi faggot socialists when every account spamming the gay tranny porn are Jewish anti-nazi activists seeking out right wingers to spam? 
Every Democrat/lefty conversation takes place on Orwell's Animal Farm. They do not have intelligence at all! Everything a Democrat accuses someone else of they are guilty. All Democrats are Hateful Racist Bigots! There is not a liberal bone in their brainwashed retarded mind! Orwell’s Animal Farm By 2018, the reading and writing classes were becoming so easy since language had been surreptitiously reduced to less difficult words through political correctness that the animals were free to think openly as much as they could because really, nobody could think. Many large words were memorized even though the ability and comprehension of such words were becoming more troublesome. Big words yes, complete sentences no. As for the commie pigs, they could still read and write perfectly and were able to guide the rest of the animals and help them think progressively. The lawyer dogs learned to read and memorize very well, as they wanted to make sure they followed the plan of the pigs because obviously they knew best. They knew how to keep their fellow animal inmates secure in the courtyard and focused on their task at hand. Muriel, the doctor goat, could read better than the dogs, and sometimes used to read to the others in the evenings from scraps of newspaper which she found on the rubbish heap. Benjamin could read as well as any pig, but he was too caught up in watching sports to really exercise his faculty. So far as he knew, he said, there was nothing worth reading when there was a good game on. Clover learnt the whole alphabet, but could not put together a complete sentence. Boxer could not get beyond the letter D. He would trace A, B, C, D, in the dust with his great hoof, and then would stand staring at the letters with his ears back, sometimes shaking his forelock, trying with all his might to remember what came next and never succeeding. On several occasions, indeed, he did learn E, F, G, H, but by the time he knew them, it was always discovered that he had forgotten A, B, C, and D. Finally he decided to be content with the first four letters, and used to write them out once or twice every day to refresh his memory. Mollie refused to learn any but the six letters which spelt her own name. She would form these very neatly out of pieces of twig, and would decorate them with a flower or two and walk around them admiring them. None of the other animals on the farm could get further than the letter A. It was also found that the stupider animals, such as the sheep, hens, and ducks, were unable to learn the basics of complete knowledge, terms such as Tax Cuts for the Rich, Troll, Russia interfered into the election and Trump is liar and believe these items without the ability to state a single fact about any of them, because facts are obviously irrevelant when you cannot comprehend them. After much thought, Snowball the pig declared that the basics knowledge could be reduced to a single maxim, namely: Trump is a liar. This, he said, contained the essential principle of Animalism. Whoever had thoroughly grasped it would be safe from human influences. The birds at first objected, since it seemed to them that Trump could not be lying about everything, but Snowball proved to them that this was not so. 
Look at all the Filthy Black Beasts in the photo and don't be fooled by the jews. Can you see the name? Lynn Epstein is on the upper left. A jew name. The black nigger beasts are probably employed by this kike cunt, but sometimes males haved used that first name too. Why? How the fuck should I know. Just remember that Filthy Nigger Beasts have no place in White Lands. 
Totally fails to distinguish between religion/ideology and ethnicity. No! Muslims are not a race. That's what the Left want to say so they can call critics of Islam racist. Any old twat can become a Muslim and many do. In some places they'll chop your head off it you don't. There are no genetic markers that make you Muslim. There are that make you a Jew. 
0 Fuxs Given. The only 'trash' are you uptown Commies who think you are so pious because Niggers are your equal. Low Peasants. 
Maybe you should be a tough guy Irl not on the nets? You a pussy nigger lover? 
I saw a commercial the other day on fox news of this charity begging for money to feed the poor people of israel. I mean nigger puhleeeeeeeeeease 
I dont watch this nigger worship, but if I did, I'd shout out to the hulkster too. 
How nice of them to show the mugshots of 4 completely innocent men while not revealing the name or face of the lying cunt who tried to ruin them. 
Help! I found a nest of nigger eggs! Wat do? 
Most mudshark haters don’t sit in their basements, smoking weed and playing video games. A whole bunch of them have families, careers, and stand up for themselves just fine. People can do all that and still hate mudsharks. You sound like you want to excuse nigger fuckers. 
I didn’t say it like it was good or bad, I said it jokingly to DaleEvans who seemed to understand. I guess you’re insecure tho, just relax, grandpa, it’ll be okay. Anyway, everybody’s generation is kiked, but the men of my generation are waking up and becoming aware to the issues, while your generation is happily taking care of your daughters nigger baby. 
Anyone needing a laugh can find plenty to laugh at on twitter by searching "Jair Bolsonaro" who just won the presidency in Brazil. The retarded leftists are in full panic mode. Crying, hating life, doomsday prophecies, you name it. It's almost as good as the night Trump won. Enjoy. 
Documented Crip gang member Shoots 2 people Now he's a freaking great dad hero I love the hypocrisy and insanity of making hero's out of Trash These insane retarded retards live in the twilight zone 
Jf of all people did a good analysis of the Tucker vs. Wigger debate. Not sure why Trs were cucking for Tucker, they're usually pretty good. 
Deathwish and his faggot friends are the only ones that post any porn. 
Faggot 
'anti-semitism' is cool. Go nigger Go. Get the termites out of the woodpile 
Jeffey Zuker over at ConspiracyTheory News Network Has Gone Full Retard Poor Pitiful us we got one Too 
Murkowski had like 18 hours of screaming whores in her office crying about their very own personal rapocausts that totally happened and were real in their minds but no evidence exists for them. 
If she votes to confirm tomorrow it was just to get the cunts out of her office and leave her alone for a day 
Ahh, today's dose of wetback hijinks. 
Waleed really means "Sydney is for the new globohomo elite, and we find horse racing tacky. " 
The only Fabric that needs tearing out of Sydney is all the Islamic garbage, a once beautiful city now scumlam ghetto, start with this disgusting pedo worshipping cretin, All the Fucktards whinging about a horse race corrupting our Children ( Towards gambling ) but are happy with Faggot Colours and are clueless about the Safe Schools Program 
Once ya go black youre tainted pussy for life! 
She's Probably got the Aids or some other Funky Nigger Germ. 
It's autistics calling each other retarded in this stupid case! 
Today I saw someone drop a couple of buns at the supermarket's bakery, and to my surprise this nigger (actually a white guy) put the buns back into the cabinet, albeit on a lower shelf where no products usually go. It's fucking disgusting when white people behave like I alerted staff. 
Shitbags who want to score points with disease ridden Sjw bitches an just make me look bad cause I share Pol memes. O please Pol doesn't own those memes. An idiots who love Hitler are just as fucking retarded as Bernie bros. Cucking oneself to gov is still cucking. Fucking gynofags 
Fat ugly bitter bull dyke traitor along with Alec Baldwin need to be hung this weekend for treason. 
You are a cunt 
Probably an Lcbw*! *Liberal Cunt Bitch Whore 
Hey you retard are you still promoting Iran regime change like a good government shill? 
Lol for the same reason she calls & makes death threat to people from her fuckin office phone line The woman was born retarded 
You're factually a faggot 
Hey, maybe you can dejew this faggy police anthem. I dunno, I'm stuck being an English nigger for now 
Pagans against animal sacrifice are like Catholics against mass. 
I think some very unusual diets are possible. Inedia appears in the Polarian mythology and the Aryan Titan mythology. However, in the Kali Yuga, we have cardboard versions of mythological diets. The Hindu don't eat cow in order to signal virtuousness, rather than just not needing to eat it because of being virtuous. Same with vegans; it's an act of sorts. 
>refuse to answer my question I don't engage in Jewish binary thinking, even when it comes from a fellow Aryan, friend. 
Were you the one who refused to acknowledge Aristotle before? When I mentioned the law of the excluded middle? I think it was. There's nothing Jewish about logic. In fact, they dissolve logic with their ways. 
1. >refused to acknowledge So binary today. How about "caution against accepting at face-value"? 2. Past Aristotle arguments in photos. 3. Where is the line between )Logic( and (Reason? Everything we have today is supposedly built on )Logic and Reason( and yet just about everyone agrees it's terrible one way or another. 
One of his most basic arguments is the hierarchy of living beings. 
Number 3 (no movement) is completely antithetical to most Pagan belief theories. 
You're grasping at straws now. I've never seen a man so eager to have think he's an animal. So much enthusiasm. Maybe it's liberating? Not having to deal with the responsibility of actualized sentience? I don't know, I've never wanted to be on the level of dogs. 
I guess we're off-cycling again. I got so mad at you like a year ago, when I was wrong and drunk on retarded Nazism that I blocked you. Then I unblocked you and we were almost on the same wavelength for months. I guess we're diverging again. Am I wrong again this time? Maybe. I don't feel wrong yet, though. Time will tell. 
We'll see then. If we can't agree on what level a human being is by nature we'll have to agree to disagree. It's not like people didn't use to argue about a lot of fundamental ideas in the classical world. I think we're just carrying that tradition forward. Nothing personal. 
Deng = Dumb Entitled Nigger Grub, Fuckwits like this idiot and that other fuckwit Sjw Nigger bitch Blaming Australians not wanting anything to do with the Black Scum as the Problem, and cockheads like Andrews are listening to them, Australians want nothing to do with them Because they are Criminal Third world Garbage 
Both Tories and Labour are as useless as each other, they are controlled by that cunt Soros to make the rich richer and the poor poorer. What would they do if all the poor people committed suicide? , they wouldn't be able to do this any more. 
But the Paki on the other end of the flag has never been to Honduras, bet the Paki cunt cannot even spell it! 
Today is a good day. No fairy gay faggot tranny porn so far! 
Ffs Tuck Tuck. It's nothing to do with Jews. Eastern Europe was invaded by Islam before and they don't want that shite again. Also invaded by communism and they don't want that shite from the Eu again either. Ask my mate She's Polish and will tell you why they have a strong culture. 
As subtle as watching paint dry ) 
British humor is as forced as muslim immigration 
Of course I spelled it wrong like a dipshit. You know how to spell switchblade anyway & are seasonably less retarded than me 
I like Moz’s music but he’s a preachy, self righteous cunt a lot of the time. 
Twat! 
Tell them maggots to suck your cunt while youre on your period Fuck Them Liberal Demonrat Scumbags! 
"the uploader has not made this video available in your country" i am Usa, wtf. Anyhoots. Money for nothing and your checks for free. Yep, we loved it. Could say faggot and get away with it 
Those fuckers will learn we are not a muzzie county, and this is that fucking obuma's doing 
"Mojada" is spanish for "wetback" he's a mojado she's a mojada masculine/feminine words in a language? That's sexist 
When I lived in an area where there are a lot of illegals I'd get phone calls looking for a carlos, juan, jaime etc I'd laugh & tell them they ain't gonna find that wetback funny as some were the DAs office 
That bitch is so fucking retarded and, honestly, that bothers me less than the fact that her constituents consistently bought her Left-wing bullshit while everything fell apart around them. 
Who told you muslims did that? Cnn? It was the jews sweeti 
Words don't hurt me, but truth will hurt you, stupid cunt 
You're mother, wife, daughter, sister are the cunts. Die 
Fake retarded conservative pundits don't dictate party ideology, no one is becoming less conservative because tv pundits are shills. 
Get that fairy gay faggot shit out of here! 
Faggot 
Faggot nigger 
Super faggot Robert Mueller won't show empty hand until after the midterm elections. Wouldn't want to confirm what we all know already. 
It still kind of amazes me how you go and look for faggot porn. I guess dudes that like dicks will always look for it. Lol 
This shit is ridiculous! Are we a bunch of jailhouse niggers? If u get pissed about that ur a faggot. Snitch, snitchin, snitch ass nugga yo. Jailhouse nigger talk. I don’t listen much (show. Still dude puts in time. Cryin yo! Again nigger bs. Who hasn’t cried? U just didn’t hv it filmed. Ur all niggers for makin him even hv to explain this shit. 
Nigger 
Fuck this refugee quota Bullshit. Everyone Knows Now that these fucking Muzzie Invaders are Not Refugees! 
A religious faggot that listens to Black Sabbath 
Soy boy faggot 
Only ricky vaughn would have made this garbage. By the way, that Maga-tard faggot is still on twitter pushing his useless multi-culti civ-nat politics. 
Same here. If they come within 1 mile of the border. Light um the fuck up. "Like iraqi sand nigger death footage" 
The Uk can only wish it would be that fast, sadly they will suffer a long painful death thanks to their leadership. I feel for Europe and I wouldn't wish what they have on anybody, not even the Kenyan, well maybe I would wish it on the Kenyan faggot and his husband. 
Doug, you're a stupid faggot 
Churchill was a faggot philo-Semite who sucked mamzer cocks. 
The fat liberal retard is being blackmailed, probably for being a pedo. 
How to be a liberal faggot 101 
I just walked out to my car and two filthy nigger beasts are sitting in the parking lot eating chicken and throwing their Bbq sauce containers out the window and splashing shit all over the car next to it. Mine. I so wish I wasn’t a girl right now. 
Haha I texted this to my brother and he said I bet he niggers fucked up their car in an insurance scam 
I wish my sister thought like you. And my wife 
If I was your man I’d say we are doing the white flight thing and moving 
Buy a gun. 
Bbq W/ fired chicken? Lame! 
I so wish you could drive. Your the reason that car insurance is through the roof. 
Lol that isn’t my car! That’s the nigs car 
Oh shit. Lmao 
Forget that post. Lol 
You mean porch monkey's. 
Ha that’s what my dad calls them! 
Lol. 
Never Ever Watch The Fucking View Where All ViewS Are Racist! Nigger Fuck Whoopi Is Racist Garbage! 
Listen up You Fucking Liberal Cunt Dont talk about the Military when you know nothing about what you're speaking on you dumb cunt! Pay attention twatwaffle You Do Not Get Deferments For Any Physical (Bone Spurs) Or Mental Problems You Get A F4 From The Military Men in College Got Deferments You IGNOrANT Uneducated Skank! You wanna defend Stolen VALOr Dickhead Blumenthal then have the nerve to make your idiot "5 deferments for bone spurs" crack towards Potus? I would've punched your moronic ass of that couch had I been sitting next to you fucking Pig! Daughter & Niece Of Vietnam Vets! 
It could still be an African woman. They have high T. Probably more than the soyboy faggot sitting opposite. Same anti white shit regardless. 
Because, repeat after me. He is a nigger 
Don’t even try to pretend that you have supporters in the North, you slimy little maggot. You literally spent Years on that pitiful echo chamber of a blog of yours, blaming the Northern states and everyone in them, for all the problems that afflict your pile of nigger shit of a region. Now that the reality has set in that the political and racial demographics of the South are past the point of no return you have the nerve to claim allies in the very place from which you want political separation. Fuck you, you two-faced, prescription-drug-addled fraud. I Wipe My Cock with your Confederate loser flag. 
I like him fine. Im from the North. Technically the last thing white men in America can be proud of is the rebel cause. You have to go back to the revolution to be proud of anything from the north. But yes the South is literally overflowing with niggers. 
"My Family, My People, My Nation, and My God mean everything to me. I am a Nationalist and I want to honor them and take care of them. So I'm Socialist too. "- The national socialist who sounds like a communist. Retard 
Who is this faggot to lecture anyone? 
Let me guess. The Fbi is playing with itself now, per General Obama's orders, right? How far will this need to go before we acknowledge this is not just a bunch of faggot n-words with a political message? Do people need to die before we put a stop to it? People, these are Not Protests. 
Cunt 
This is exactly what is happening in Europe; this is orchestrated, and paid for by the Cunt Soros. These are Invaders! 
Why does that girl only have 1 shoe? Is she extra retarded? 
Fuck off you jews cunt dyke 
Like I said: You Fucking Retard 
The traitor cunt is going down. God bless America. 
I don't trust how globalist government over this brexit deal one little bit I got gut feeling they done fucking dirty thing to us population of 17. 5 million people like of me that voted out and still want out but I can May s evil plans to keep has in and cunt queen 
This is as as you get on. - Part 2, 427 
What a bunch of fairy gay faggot freaks! 
Niggers are locked into their interests, which include - affirmative action, promotion of miscegenation by the government & corporations, gibs me dat and media portrayals that spin their negatives into positives. When a funny nigger breaks from this tribal loyalty and becomes friendly with the enemy (Whitey), the nigger sees this as a betrayal. 
Can I text back and call him a faggot for arresting people at a permitted rally who defended themselves from fucking violent communist criminals? 
Does Pendejo mean Nigger in some language? 
Trumpsters are all the same - retarded sheep. 
A shiny nigger 
This is such faggot shit. 
Then the nogglet woke up and uttered "gib me dat tiddy milk, whi bitch! " 
Go suck your beloved nigger dicks, cuck. 
Fuck off Jew cunt 
That Nigger Is A Muslim And A Fking Fraud. He Needs Hung After HIs Military Trial Of Course. 
Fat jew faggot 
Well Here I Am Fresh In Face Book Jail For USInG Word Faggots Lol I Love A Mr BRAInS Faggot? Fredom Of Speech Is Gone 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Only if you're retarded 
I Shudada to think. Looney tune Sinead O'connor goes full retard 
We don't tip colored people? But it's colored people who never leave a tip! I can't remember the last time I saw a Negro waitress. In fact I don't think I have. Ever seen one. 
Common knowledge not to eat where niggers work. I had a nigger at Subway try and swipe the twenty right from in front of me. Niggers are fucking useless 
This nigger song maker thinks that the jews own every system, but magically wouldn't be able to pay feds and anarchist queers to fucking kill us Lol 
I miss being able to call GiGi a nigger on Twitter 
We all know who the retarded dipshit, Traitors & United Nations criminal arm is! Formally Declare The Democratic Muslim Party, Antifa, MuslimS and Soros their financier as Terrorist Groups 
This could be the left trying to discredit Kappy. He has exposed many of the pedophiles in Hollywood. Just saying. Brock is a Demonic Faggot pig 
Faggot piece of shit. Doesn't live in an environment that he is wanting the rest of the world to live in. Kill him. He serves no human purpose. Angry today. More coffee. 
Let's be honest. This is more realistic. #Q 
It's fucking hilarious that the NPCs are so retarded that they need to have Snopes fact check memes. Everything about them is a meme and there is nothing they can do about it. 
Yeah, I think all jew and nigger loving fake nationalists should move over to some fag platform like MeWe 
Well if some cunt is telling you, then you should obey faggot. 
Why Are All These Fucking Faggot Pink Pussy Hat Wearing Dipshits Putting Me On Follow? WHat Part Of. "I HatE Loathe And And Am Disgusted With All Freakaziods FaggotS And Dykes. This Includes FaggotS Wearing Dykish Pink Pussy HatS! " I need to go cool off now! Im so disgusted right now i could puke! 
I'm more native American than this cunt and all my descendants are from Europa. 
PatriotInfidel = faggot 
The left is insane so you cry like a nigger begging for Trump to do something. Giving the left more power just leaves you with no one to turn to. And when Speaker Pelosi declares that your guns be taken from you and sends in Tyrone, yea, you're not gonna do shit then either. 
Find a long-dicked nigger to fuck your ass 3 times a day. 500 calories an hour 
Did he? Are you sure it wasn't for you, and being the retarded kike worshiping deviant that you are, you got the message wrong? 
He wants you to start banning people like twitter. Therefore, on this issue I am with you 100% against that faggot Vox. 
To All of You Racist Black AntiAmericans To All of Mainstream Media To All Liberals You are all a bunch of Faggot MutherFukrs Thank You 
Case in point: 
Heh michael. Make Kanye Trump Again! 
Haha Yes 
It's a bit weird, but I Like it! < Maga > 
Nice. Wow! I can see the haters down voted this great meme. Wow. Dimocrats? Jew haters? 
To him it is: Make America Great. ) (there is no again) 
Trumpye Kwest 
Integration Done Right 
Awesome 
Disgusting picture. 
Where do you find all the Vile Racist askeNAZI Jews and Democrats! All Jews and Democrats are human sewage but are so Retarded that they are completely unconscious. If you find any of these Npc's, please tell me as I will intellectually shove them down the shithole where they belong! 
Kill these nigger bastards. 2 black lives that don't matter for shit. 
Nigger chips, give me dats 
So when is that ignorant twat up for re-election? Not soon enough, clearly. 
Threaten them back dammit! All Jews and Democrats are extremely Retarded pieces of shit! And she is both Plus another intellectually challenged female, the much less intelligent sex! Nobody should ever listen to a thing she says! 
That girl should have had enough sense to know that she lived in an extremely dangerous nigger infested country and acted accordingly. A lot of White people still have this incredibly stupid idea that they can go anywhere they want anytime they please and nothing bad will happen to them, because we're all the same. 
Good! Fucking niggers! Irony defined is that they will call the cops After one of their nigger homies gets waxed on the street corner dealing heroin 
I guess you'll marry your daughter to a nigger to prove how racist you are. 
This dude is a nigger fail troll. 
Hillary will not win the 2020 anyway. Neither will fucking sleazy pedophile Biden. The one to be very careful of is Beto! Depending on their choices since they slammed their Electorate for choices, it will be very few left on the table. Usa will not tolerate another black nigger motherfucker for office. They most likely will pick Warner if he decides to run. As to Beto only if he loses the Senate race in Texas. 
Looks like we have a vile Racist Retarded Leftist Piece Of Shit! How does it smell with your head up your Ass! 
Horoscopes are for Whores that believe everything on the internet! Don’t be that Mr. Dick Nigger Plz! 
Mr. Dick Nigger Plz, ur breaking my heart ( 
Mr. Dick Nigger is pretty much my gf at this point 
Im very formal, stern even, with these things. 
Tfw we’re not a mushy-gushy Hot-Hot Gamer Couple 
Operation Wetback 2. 0 here we come! 
So you are a Jew "Zionist" and your Sop is the rape of males "Bluehand". Got it. Jew Sodomite 
What a nazi faggot ) 
Obviously this is not to be taken seriously. It's too ridic to be subversive. Which begs the question what was the point of writing it? Nobody sane finds this funny. Either the author has lost his mind or it's deliberate agitation. It has a self-destructive element too. If I wanted to tank my "nazi" site I'd do what this dumb faggot has been doing for the past year 
Ceo is a weak faggot for this shit move 
Tucker Carlson just reported that Hillary "I'm the biggest cunt on the planet" Clinton, & 5 of her aids have lost their security clearances! Oh happy day! Now the question is, why did her aides have top level security clearances in the first place? We're another step closer to arrests, perp walks, and military tribunals! If you want this vote republican! 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Hardly anyone uses this site. There's barely any good content, no good memes. 99% of the users are boring anti-semites who only ever post about politics, the only humor on here that's actually funny is unintentional but despite all taht, the fact taht i can say nigger on here as much as i want without getting b& makes this The Best social media site. 
The nigger looks angry. Ooooooooo. Scary nigger 
Obama hussein is a stupid nigger muslim that needs hanged until dead 
I had a great time out on the town last night clubbing. I got three pakis and a nigger 
You take a step back. Off a cliff you cuck. Go to nigger town. 
Of course they do that. It's Human Nature. Their worldview is threatened. A realistic view of what organized Jewish power is actually doing 2 us tears down the narrative that almost every American believes. Even worse, unless ur a faggot or a sociopath it demands u do something about it. 
Faggot 
Chris Stirewalt. Do me a favor. Shut the hell up. You equivocating faggot phony. Go swap your drivel spit with that other Fox Rino asshole Dana PeRino. 
Typical retard reaction to someone's explanation. Can't stand reality. Or truth. Go curl up in the corner and weep. 
The Spic Zombie Horde is getting Hungry & will Feast on anything that Crosses their Path, like those South American Army Ants that Consume everything in their Way. 
These Commie Lefist Hippie Freaks are Suppose to be Rooted Out of our Society by Means of War. We have Not had the Draft in 3 Generations, & as a Result, these Freaks are Growing in Number, & intensity of Retardation. They're always the Cannon Fodder & Die Quickly in Combat, Leaving only the Strong to Return Home to Continue their Bloodlines. 
Andrew Interrupted commented on your post. 6 minutes: "Creating a Communist Utopia" Andrew Interrupted 1 Reply Repost Quote a minute ago Captain Bob Yes, this is even better, Commies shooting beautiful unarmed women. Big brave men. Don't think for a minute that today's green haired Dyke slugs wouldn't do the same to us and our wives and children now if given the chance. We have Everything against us but somehow we must overcome through wit and wile and defeat these Commies or it's over. Now is the time for words and ideas, act now before things get very much worse. Strength in numbers. 
Fuck off kikesucker faggot 
This faggot gets to keep his account while I've lost six in the last Week simply for talking about what jews do without using any curse words or slurs. 
History of Saudi Arabia (House of Saud) a badly narrated account of this Shit Arab cunt flap; 
Why didnt you say nigger? Why wasnt she armed in florida? Why does she live in a city? A 6 year old knows that cities are nigger owned. Why does she not have a man? 
What a cunt 
This nigger needs to be swinging from a tree by his neck. Lynch this worthless knuckle dragger 
Faggot 
1, 000% retard 
National Socialists are silly because they claim to be against Jewish supremacy, but the Nazi party was entirely practicing a Jewish religion, Christianity. It's a retarded contradiction. I don't have much respect for the national socialists because there is a lack of consistency. 
Ive Never heard a Libbie say nigger till you, I know Lib Tards think the word nigger but they never say it. I think your more of a nobody trying to be a somebody. Poor little thing no one likes you and no one ever will. 
Hey Tranny account? Cecilia Vega was arrested for Shoplifting. Perhaps she was stealing a jack rabbit vibrator to use on your nasty ass? Watch the Video and enjoy America! 
Oh I guess Emmy award winning crack whore Reported on the shoplifter. Well Excuse Me let's give her a Pulitzer! Only sheeple care about Fake News so I figured Wtf why not 
I wish you guys would stop posting this turd's stuff 
Emmy we love ya G/F help trigger the troll 
Gee has been muted. Keeps opening new Gee accounts 
Wrong. What do we want? Tax cuts! When do we want them? Now! 
Are you retarded as well as Jewish? I clearly typed the "National No Call List" Maybe that's why people don't like Jews? Ya think? Grow a fucking brain. 
Queer nigger 
Hey and where was such fall out on twitter when that nigger shot up a white church last Oct? 
Old news. But clumsy white justice borderlining maffia, as we are all getting familiar with. Are all these judges retarded boomers or (members? White shariah. 
I would have let the seagulls feast on her carcass and let the nigger go. 
This useless thug socialist nigger will turn my state into detroit. There will be massive white flight and the state will be doomed just like everywhere else that affirmative action niggers are gerrymandered into office. This state is something like %79 republican registered. If this shitnigger wins it will be by voter fraud and niggery 
No goyim, they wanted to have an overly elaborate mentally retarded scheme whereby they pretended to be sending people to showers at gunpoint and then gassed them, because if the jew knew he was going to his certain death, he would have somehow escaped or something. 
Let me guess, the gun is at fault, not the retarded parent. 
Awww, is the coward and pussy upset because there are some black people smarter than You? Hahahahaha! Maybe if you weren't such a lonely, hateful, retard you'd have some friends, maybe a girl to get laid, and a life outside of your little liberal circle of hate. Lol, you're so pathetic it's actually hilarious! 
Lets see you take your cops on. With all your guns. 
The Cops work for Zog. Fuck off Jew. 
You see fuck all - that's 1 of your problems. Fuck off Jew boy. Go lick the Cops balls -since you have none of your own. 
Another troll having a "Terrible Two's" temper tantrum. Next he will probably send me a picture of himself holding his breath until he turns blue. Lol 
Very definitely a 2 year old child fanatic. 
They say you can't fix stupid! Like this kid too dumb to realize my early post said "adolescent with the mentality of a 2 year old" Guess he is too busy proving me correct with all these childish postings. 
Look at the cunt trying to back track. None of that shit. Fo. 
We need to set up a few cannons and in some gun powder, ball bearings and a Jew to shoot at them. We could finally put the retarded Jew to good use! 
Harvard is a retard factory. Why even bother having lawyers (or law) if people can be pronounced guilty without evidence? 
####, it don't mater how you look at it' ## Communist Cunt The Union Thug Is Simply Un-Electable, If You Love THIs Nation, Simple And Pure, It No Rocket Science Just Common Cense 
Gab is for white trash niggers and closeted faggot pigs 
No our dear leader @A promoting fake news? Re faggot Rep. Harris his last gasp should be to legalize cannabis and Maga like a man in that pussy assed party. The Rep. Was never assaulted as much as any freedom loving American that has been arrested, fired from job and shamed for wanting an herb to be decriminalized. Prove me wrong while I rub some oil on my arthritis 
Is that a cum-cum on for the Whigger Mattoid to post on Rabbi Linder's Virtual Colostomy Bag Nnf/ TraitorGlenn Miller Nnf? It is one of my golden year's most precious moments that prion-poisoning of deer originated in Missouri in Adair County, home of the gut-sick jewboy with Crohns/jew ass-Gaids, having nothing to eat but kosher Cwd deer anuses. 
Meet the retarded thought police, todays modern version of the keystone cops: Twitter Posts Millions Of "Meddling" Tweets From Russia, Iran "Information Operations" | Zero Hedge 
This is a typical used to cover up a group effort. It would be retarded to this this would be able to get all these though the mail system, oh wait narrative changed to couriers to deliver all these people across the country without ratting him out immediately. What service did he use anyways? 
That Jew whore cunt Ivanka is telling him Not to. 
Lmwao. Now that might be one nigger show I would watch 
Rice has to be gaping cunt for her own kid to be so vehemently rightist. 
And of course the cunt who wrote it isn't white. But is she also a (she? 
I am watching some Star Wars fuckery with some crying pommy bitch and some Slavic albino Jew with his shirt off. This is soooooooo retarded and gay. 
Its double plus special Olympics gay. 
You know, you kids and your faggot ass sex bullshit makes me sick! Something so sick, and wimpy, could only come from the younger generation, and so popular with you, that it even has a fucking name! Grow a pair of hairy ones boys! Stop being he-she’s! 
Maybe you ought to consider how to rid yourselves of that Muzzie Invasion you've been on your knees to? 
Sounds like they've been listening to their new muzzie friends. 
Hello my first. Antitweet. By the way nice edit feature 
97% list of complete fuckery. Suck that E-Celeb cock boi! 
Aren't you well educated! Like the [w]rest of this platform. Keep sucking that dick blindly and hope it will get you somewhere in life. 
BaHAHAHa. HAexe retard Stay in your lane. 
Stay in your lane 
REEEEEeEeeEEEtard. You followed over to here on my posts. How soon the simple forget 
Go back to twitter 
O for 3 sweetie. Keep trying. Mind your business and the [W]rest of the autists will figure this out. Pet the kitty 
Sweetie go back to Twitter 
Repeat. Parrot. [npc] Rinse 
Don't have to wave those flags. We get you're a faggot christian 
We're all getting v& aren't we. That chubby faggot is gonna fold & sell us all down the river for a hoagie & a bucket of cheese fries isn't he? 
Keep talking. We're done here. You can go hang in spam because you've had all the airtime you get from me. There are lots of other assholes there. You'll fit right in. Be sure and find a seat in the cunt section. Piece of advice. If you want to survive as a troll, learn something. 
You both suck sand nigger cock. Stop it 
They banned this evil cunt After Tucker showed the tweet on air last night. 
"They hated him because he told the truth It sucks, but being a hero today will not make you popular. But to me the truth is more important. Think about how history will see you, not how retarded college lefties do. 
How is this muslim prick Not In Custody? Mueller / Fisa Abuse / No hearings? / No applications? / No judges? / Rosenstein / Brennan / Oversight? / Clapper / Rice / Power / UNMASKInG / McDonough / Jarrett / Baker / Google / Fakebook / Twitter Jack / 702 / Muslim Brotherhood / Obamagate / Jarrett / McCain / Rhodes / Steele / Blumenthal / Dossiers / Russia! / Fbi / Immunity / BlackBerries / Laptops / Awans walk. / Isis flourishes under Hussein / Fake Military Intel / Where's Lerner's deposition? / Voter Fraud / Southern Poverty Law Center / Illegals over American Citizens / McCain / Uranium One / Hard Drives / Smashed. / BleachBit / Perjury / Awan It / Foundation / Huma / Mills / Weiner / Lynch / Tarmac / Comey / Memos / Priestap / Leakers / Strzok / Ohrs / Page / Yates / McCabe 700K$+ / Dnc server? / Federal Reserve / Dnc Fraud / Seth Rich / Doj / Irs / Fast and Furious / Holder / Contempt of COngress / Taliban 5 / Benghazi / Bergdahl / Obama / Hillary / Isis / Iran Ransom / Open Borders / Abolish Ice? / MS13 / New Mexico Muslim Enclaves - Dead kid - parole / Podestas / Nxivm / Pizza / Benghazi / Bergdahl / Soros / Valerie Jarrett / Imam May / Imam Merkel / Five Eyes / Treason / Sediton / Lies / Lies / Lies 
Lying sack of Muzzie shit! Back to Kenya, monkey and stay there! 
The obama nigger muslim is a filthy child rapist, that filthy muzzy pile of shit doesn't even hide it anymore 
Faggot 
Fuck the commie dyke lookin bitch 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
It's pronounced Nigger you stupid Shitskin 
Commie cunt 
That faggot khan the london con muslum cockroach probably arrested the dead mans parents for thought crime offenses. Hating the 4 muslum cockroaches who murdered their son! A londoner needs to take one for the team and dispatch khan with prejudice! He doesnt deserve to live! 
Communist Dyke 
Muslim Brotherhood agent the guys? Who cares how he ended? These people are at the base of 9/11 attacks Most terrorist attacks and probably Va mass shooting. So forgive me if I clearly don't give a crap but I'm actually happy this cunt stopped breathing My oxygen. 
You dumb nigger he has you muted. That means he doesn't see any of this with or with out the tags. You are a retarded fucker aren't you. Will you kill yourself when g+ shuts down? If you're too scared to do it i will come do it for you. Just let me know where and when little faggit. 
Cunt 
It's a nigger according to the footage. 
Why would I support the male version of a feminist? Both things are degerate and retarded 
It's wonderful he won't be able to carry his mentally retarded genes into the next generation. Kudos trannies! Keep chopping yer dicks & balls off! Trans YouTuber Says It's Unfair He Can't Have Babies 
Where the fuck am I gonna find a Cute Girl saying Nigger now? 
My aunt had One maga sticker on her car and some nigger smashed her window so I highly doubt this goy was really driving around in that van how fucking stupid they must think we are 
Give the spic a medal, that's how pandemics start. We can only pray Aids infects them all and they all die before spawning more sewer creatures 
Go fuck yourself inbred retard 
Shut Up Before I release A demand for a Fatwah On You Pig-Slime Of The Great Satan! Of Earth! 
Bring you goat fucking faggot 
Bring It Jew Lap-Dog! 
That Just Screms! Faggot! 
Don Lemon is a moron and a faggot 
Retarded 
So when the Jews try to say you're being anti-Semitic or racist that is actually just one of their ways of twisting your mind into multiculturalism you can't claim a religion as your race it's retarded 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
You are a Blinded Weak Minded Fool & are Excluded from the White Race as a Traitor to all. 
Fuck you! You do not make up the white race you are a fringe of lunTics that happen to be white moron! 
Look Folks, the Gay Pc Fake Christian. Bibby Bob is Triggered, how Pathetic. And for the Record, there is a Lot More of Us Out there than you could Possibly Fathom, a Reality that will be a Rude Awakening for all the Jews, Muds & Traitors, in this 21st Century. 
You Still have Time to Repent Gay Boy Gibby, & Join the Side of Righteousness, before the Welcome Wagon comes a Knockin' for all the Cuck Cowards. 
Way to flush her beauty and genes down the toilet. Sad whore 
Charlize theron of South Africa. Her quote " Too many people have died so unnecessarily; Aids is completely preventable, yet it's killing more kids in South Africa then everything else, and that's just not how it should be. " Me, low I. Q. Blacks die, it is Nature's way. 
Yes, Aids is Preventable, if you're White & Not a Degenerate Demon Monkey from Hell, who Cannot Restrain himself with any Amount of Willpower, because that is a Human White Trait/Quality. Charlize Theron is under the Misguided Notion/Belief that Nigger Demons are somehow Human Beings. 
We already allowed the cunt who radicalised the Mohamheads that cut off the head of Lee Rigby on the streets of London to walk free yesterday only having served half his sentence. Uk is a fucking Joke. They will probably jail Tommy Robinson for 10 years tomorrow at the Old Bailey for just being himself. 
Over the weekend while I was away attending a funeral, my sweet baby cat Nera died. She was the best cat I've ever owned, and was truly unique. It breaks my heart I wasn't home when she passed. I hope you'll indulge me posting a photo and a painting of her. The painting was done by Candace Wagner last year. Please give your pet a hug or pat before you leave the house, each and every time. 
Fuck cats. They are jews of the animal kingdom. Your cat is burning in hell. 
Man. Fuck you, you slack-jawed Yokel. You ain't all that and a bag of chips. You're literally just trying to troll someone in order for folks to fucking visit your page. You done fucked up in case you ain't noticed by that huge dip your score you just got. You pathetic piece of shit what the fuck is wrong with you? Are you a kike in disguise? 
Who taught you how to troll motherfucker? Helen Keller! You must be blind as shit, just sitting there banging on the keyboard and hoping something intelligent would come out. 
No amount of back talk is going to save you from the fate of going to hell. Which is where I'll be waiting for you. You're a piece of shit and you deserve to be tortured forever. You suck at trolling. You're seriously trying to act cool for folks and get your rocks off on somebody else's misfortune. You can try and throw up distractions diversions as well as, trying to sway the conversation into another Avenue. You're a cunt, and deserve to have your ass beat like a prison bitch. 
"You suck at trolling. " Tell me more. 
You're literally grasping at straws now? Is that all you had? What's the matter? You can dish it out but you can't take it? You need to take that lame-ass shit back to Twitter, Facebook and Reddit. Oh, I get it now, you can't troll someone that ain't woman. What a lame shitead you are. No wait, What a faggot you are. 
Please explain again. 
It's not my fault you failed at reading comprehension. 
In a room full of dicks, you should not be because his doesn't work. -Adolf Hitler, 1987. 
I was just thinking that about the fake mail bomb guy. The Fbi is known for getting retarded people to commit terrorists acts for them so they can get a bigger budget. 
3/ Anyone who mentions the "Overton window" is generally a retard. It's like if you say "there's no wage gap" and then some faggot shows up like "Women Need To Stay In The Home And Just Have My Babies! The White Race NeedS More Babies! " That's the kind of mental retardation that we get on Gab thanks to white supremacists. 
I can totally see that working, you know with migrants that already are quite shit at both English and Swedish as well as being illiterate allot of the times. I bet this will work just as well as the "please don't rape others" learning course they had for migrants in Norway. Must be some retarded politicians idea, this whole thing. 
Ask that faggot about Hitler’s orders to gas the Jews. Or the Red Cross report saying it was a death camp. You won’t find them because they never existed. 
This cucked commie faggot fancies himself a "philosopher", yet he hasn't even mastered the valid (let alone sound) argument, and hasn't mastered other fundamentals of formal logic. He doesn't even try to avoid informal logical fallacies either. 
That faggots face makes me want to puke 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
" I'm not a nazi, though, because mob mentalities are for africans" How many moronic strawmen can a clueless retard fit in one sentece? Aaaand Go! 
Faggot 
"There's no such thing as bad publicity" - Some Faggot 
Lib gee Ur a spoiled rich cunt so shut up brat 
Not sure. Trump, Cruz, now Graham. I mean the list just confirmed Kavanaugh. I hate to end this now but I must. My wife just said making fun of retarded people isn't fair. Be well and consider suicide for a better America. 
People using 4chan post-2014 are just retarded useful-idiots. 
Go fuck a nigger kike 
I know a few dudes married to cunts like that. They agree with you when she's not around & tell crude jokes but around their wives theyre cowering little weenies. I think theyre afraid to be alone or never getting laid again idk They say retarded shit like "happy wife, happy life" and laugh pretending they dont sound pathetic 
Has this stupid cunt been arrested yet? Fired at least? 
So just to be clear, you're fine with racism as long as it's directed towards niggers but when it's directed towards kikes, you turn into a liberal? 
I assure you there's plenty of negative/funny things to say about kikes as well but you seem to only have a problem with hatred directed at them. It's not like there's a lack of nigger hatred on here for you to bitch about so why only bitch about the kike hatred? 
Why not let the cunt die? 
David, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Under Yah's Law, that faggot pedorapist would be done 
British government will, go with the raghead law. Best of luck Uk. You will need all, you can get. 
This okachobee nigger looks like he's sucked a dick or two in his day. Pegs muh agency exploitation meter. 
Make the curry nigger Leave. 
Some say I am like that every day of the week - but that really depends on them! Literally Lol. Good idea though lass. As I tell my colleagues - if you're going to be a cunt be a Right one, not a stupid one! 
Roflmfao are filthy mouth owned cunt liars 
Looks like it's time to play everyone's favorite Internet forum game. So retard or federal agent? I'm gonna go against the flow here and call 'retard. ' 
Is this cunt a nigger? Calif. Voters are dilousanal 
B honest w Ur students & tell them that Ur a Communist, Fascist faggot who does Not believe in due process. That people R Innocent 'till proven guilty, & that not Every assault victim should be believed, especially after 36yrs, & w very questionable accounts of what happened. Oh, & U should Not B teaching anyone's children Ms Ponticelli. Ur an embarrassment to teachers the world over. 
If anything the Fbi needs to investigate this cunt. ( angry ) 
Amy Schumer proceeds to talk about her aids written, misshapen cunt 
Fucking Porch Monkeys. Now I need an antacid. 
Yup. An ungrateful Nigger talking smack as if it was. Intelligent does trigger me. Especially the ungrateful part. 
My retarded what? Look up Typhoid Mary, and get a clue. 
You fucking lying kike! It Says EDItED You changed the link cause you got caught posting retarded christian propaganda and saying it was a pagan! 
Fucking retarded shitbag. Disagreement is not trolling what the fuck is wrong with you people? 
What A Retard She Is As Dense As The Rest Of The Libtards. 
I am just so fuckin fed up with these retarded hipster faggots 
Opinion: Go away, cunt! 
Maybe This Cunt Will Cough Herself To Death, And Soon. 
She can choose one cowardly poor out of shape redneck and we will see how it goes 1-on-1. 
I hope the meme and it's creators are dead, along with that stupid frog, and every faggot that called themselves "deplorable". 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Ok, bye retard 
That Chinese cunt should be shipped to Canton 
I have Mlg videos on YouTube They're very cancerous and retarded 
You're an idiot, most fansubs today are garbage, and getting movies subbed takes months from when bdmv's go up, if it happens at all. That is what i am saying. You also called horrible, a rip group, fansubs, proving you know next to nothing. It annoys me to spell everything out. And you're a double nigger for thinking crunchyroll will die. We're done here. 
Poor Molly. She can't even find an overweight dyke to lick her kitty. 
Ha! That's great. However, I must point out that they found after all of these years of banning it that wormwood is actually psychotropically inert, which is why you can now get real absinthe easily at a decently stocked liquor store. Evidently all of those poet guys were going nuts because the absinthe was distilled in containers which imparted various metal poisonings to the brew. Yum! So if you're looking to strangle Chinamen these days, more effort is necessary you gotta go right to the source with opium. Here's Jean Cocteau, a real pipe-hittin' nigga. 
Cunt 
1. Wait until the republikikes import another 150 million spics, niggers and shitskins. 2. Strategically forget the fact that they've aggressively begun to court the spic vote and no longer even need to dog whistle fake racial sentiments to whites. 3. Buy more time. 4. Win! 
Built by nigger Christians. Collapsed. 160 killed. Jesus was not there to help his house, and his followers. Bad, bad Jesus. Point Being: It's not their Christianity that makes difference, it's their Race. 
McConnell needs to strip Murkowski of all her committee assignments and put her on the spay and neuter committee! She needs to go and all the men in Alaska need to get rid of her, cunt! 
>Renegade broadcasting faggot Watch Out Bro, He Might Start Ranting ABOut Crystal Trees N' SHeEEEIT. 
Who Cares What This Shiksa Nigger Ho Says. 
Sgt at Arms Refused? Damn Wait I knew a couple of Generals were running interference Didn't know it was five of 'em Again Damn When the Truth Finally comes out I hope Everyone Responsible for helping that Faggot get in finds their asses in Gitmo facing the Highest Punishment Possible 
Pit bull needs home "She does have some issues with resource guarding, so no small children. " I recommend this dog for an old man living among nigger families 
You're too old to be a fedora faggot, just keeping it real. 
I was responding to a guy calling you a ''stupid fucking cunt'', if you're ok with such descriptor that's up to you, but I have too many friends who believe in God to let it pass. 
Can you stop believing in God? I don't think you can, not without some kind of cohersion. If you don't believe in God, you can lie, but you can't force yourself to have belief. Isn't choice within a context of faith? Isn't that why Christ frees his believers? That's how I understand it but I'm just a faggot who eventually stopped praying to be normal 
Lol! SJWs are following/RTing Npc accts in Twit. Dyke sent 3 part Tweet: "Stop following/RTing Npc accts. They're 4chan trolls". Had to point out to her retarded comrades that we all look the same & have Npc[number] as our personas 
Invictus games have been hijacked by clown Harry and his attention seeking monkey bride. Harry should be removed from whatever function he holds at Invictus. Actually, whole Aussie tour is shameless Pr promotion of nigger hooker and her non existent 'baby bump'. Belly cradling, dresses slit up to the crotch, faking 'security alert' Sh*t like that. 
Faggot 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. What a vile little cunt he is. 
Your race couldn't fight its way out of a paper bag. If it were not for our own authorities restraining us from even speaking out about your nigger kind, you would all be strung up by now. You are so Low agency, that you need our traitors to do all the work for you. Your kind cant even dig holes in the ground for themselves. 
Vs? Mm says it all really, Macron likes nigger man love and has no children? 
I'm so sick of hearing these low info fools making retarded statements about the democrats saying "They're for the working man! " I've heard that load of bullshit all my life until I woke up! The only thing they are for is for themselves! 
Well, I want cunt hiLIARy and Soros killed. Feelings are mutual 
Is this autistic nigger serious? You and your buddies tried to troll me in a debate because Darkscythe was losing his edge. In the end, I hung in there and won. It's obvious you couldn't handle the defeat. No matter how much crap you talk about me, I'm still here. Bullying is an excuse. 
That furry nigger muted me after like two friggin poasts will u post stuff to him for me? Thanks fren q 
Our president gets laughed at and this retard dances and is still taken seriously as some kind of 'leader'. Amazing 
I don’t want to use a lot of bad words, but uhm. The dumb leftist cunt shows exactly how the left debates these days. They are not civil even when asked to. 
No you didn't faggot block this retard hes be at this for months. So sad 
He said he had an account hidden in the "Groyper High Council", lol. That doesn't exist outside a meme. I called him out, called him a faggot etc, had a back and forth. He said I could kiss my account goodbye. We all ridiculed him then blocked him. Nothing happened. Never heard from him again. 
Just hope you don't get an appointment with a nigger who ends up chopping off your leg by mistake Many such cases! 
Look at that mentally ill sick knobgobbling spermguzzling faggot bitch. 
Shit like this is how i got suspended on twitter. I cant let something like this go past my news feed without calling retard 
"I demanded that pagans quit trying "to subvert the movement" I demand that you get those nigger toes out of your mouth? 
So, you are Nigger, yet you prefer to be with a White woman? That is the very definition of racism. You do realise this, yes? You are aware that your own women are fugly, therefore you need to choose ours, although I know for a fact you do not have one of ours. You Wish you did, Nigger. Nice of you to admit to your racial-inferiority. 
The nigger passes on his shitty inferior genetics. Lol 
You stupid Kike. You aren't fooling any-one but yourself, schlomo. Report to the Oven. Now. 
. The only oven you re going to see us a nuclear bomb dropped on ur sorry ass head soon. Keep running ur lame ass mouth fuckin jerkoff. 
Lol! Babbled like a deranged kike freak! Your Ass is gonna be incinerated, you god damned ugly demon insect, Every-one is getting fed up with you thieving, lying, murdering Ugly baby raping degenerate faggot Kikes. Kill yourself and heal the world, you bubby-fucking splat of diarrhea 
Stupid twat broke the law. Jail her. 
Fault for the current state of affairs falls on all generations, this is the first Set of generations fortunate enough to realize an awakening, the cleanup is on all of us that are awake, laying blame on one generation is retarded, that Is What The Enemy Wants. (division) 
And you faggot are a sick fuck 
Skin tone? What about intellect, integrity, truthfulness? What about being another leftist Cunt looking to rule the world because the Queen Is Dead? Kamala translated in Swahili means looming death. 
Lol ban me then nigger 
It wouldn't matter to her, she was looking for a good virtue stroking. She had an opportunity to make a cunt of herself and she took it. I would have told that bitch to sit down and shut up. Its not ok to disrupt people in their everyday lives because you think they need to pay attention to you. 
Her son is a Citadel grad who is now in the Marines. He must be so embarrassed. And don't tell me being raised by a dyke didn't lead him to want to find a father in the military. 
Only a nigger would down-vote this painting. Envious jungle monster or a kike. 
Only a Nigger or a Kike. True. 
Hilly and Billy Nigger Face at a party 
Race mixing nigger 
Kyle Chapman was a civ nat faggot. He was also a one man commie destroying machine. His crew like that faggot drug dealer Luke were shit. I would be glad to have Kyle on my side when fighting commies. 
>affirmative action is just Just kill yourself fam 
She's espousing Kkk rhetoric. She a sheet wearing cross burning retard who believes in Jim Crow Segregation. 
Useless retard muted 
I enjoy retard jokes but this just insults everyone, why don't you take the Foundation's advice and just Shut The Fuck Up? Or come up with funny memes. 
Wait a second. You said you enjoy retard jokes, but are offended by remotely being referred to as one. That sounds kinda fucked up? 
These are the guys who everyone laughed at & called a sad twat because they got a 'steady job in the Civil Service' when they left school. Who's laughing now! 
She's a twat xx 
As bad as you may think you are, Take some solace in knowing that you're not not so destitute to actually 'donate' money to some unwashed retard or 4/10 e-thot so you can receive brief validation. Imagine that being your go-to method of feeling better or anything at all. 
She was payed off most likely 'oh well' another nigger get's a get out jail free card. 
If a nigger took the redpill they would be more likely to be able to dodge all those things than the blue, I didnt make the meme though and I guess it had to be one of them 
I'm not supposed to make fun of retarded ppl, so, guess he gets a bye on this one. 
Ladies and Gentlemen: I give you wannabe groid Indio-darkie, Canadian-educated and Gavin Newsom pole-riding ex-Attorney General of California, Kamala Harris, whose other feats of accomplishment include accepting this "Jane Doe" letter from Feinstein's dyke staffers while calling it "evidence. " 
This Jew cunt needs to be taken down. 
She's a cold-hearted dyke with deep-state defense industry parents. Why would she have any respect for the idea of family? 
I tape "The 5" because Juan Williams is retarded and he only spouts his 4am talking-points, unceasingly. I enjoyed the first block today however, as Jessie B. Waters called Juan a senseless shill for blaming R's for the Southern Invasion. Juan Never has a fix - but he's always pointing a finger of blame. Intellectual Bankrupt - Juan Williams 
Fugly diseased cunt speaks, fouls the air. Fuck off, walking Std. 
Anything else hillbilly bob? 
It is time we bring back the word retarded 
Fuck you third world faggot niggers! And no you are not human! 
Cunt is speaking in " tongues " now. 
One thing I hate is a dumb cunt that makes no sense, only thing worse is 2 dumb cunts. Your muted bitch! 
This faggot makes me sick, go suck a dick fag. Is (Patrick Little) Bisexual too? 
Racist? Racist? You retarded Regressive Leftist fags have so over used words like this, they have no meaning. I will say this though, White Power! Now, be a good little moron and take your meds. 
There is absofuckinlutely nothing racist about loving your race. Why can everyone else support their race but whites? Im Proud As Fuck To Be White And Fuck Anyone Who Thinks Im Racist. 
Noose-dodging homicidal nigger finally caught after almost two decades. 
Obzeen stands with faggot soy boys 
My original post with the math done for you. I apologize for claiming you deleted your post, you didn't. This comment sting is retarded and has no connection to previous comments, so it makes it difficult to find original posts. I finally found them. 
One of the rapists is on the run. Over and over the courts fail to take the passports off Muslim rapists. They abscond to Islamic states - states which refuse to return the rapists to Britain to face jail. 
The rest of his life in Pakistan? Not so sure that’s a preferable option to being treated like a hero as part of a Moslem gang in some British jail. 
That little shit tried to hit the guy when he looked away. I hate this wimpy faggot country sometimes. 
I want job hiring discrimination. I want to be able to tell someone hey I would hire you but you dress like a faggot you're butt ugly you have a lisp and you smell like shit. Get out of my office nigger. 
What drives a cunt like this to try and destroy whole nations. Just kill him and his kin 
Hey don't insult cunts. ) Soros is pure evil. 
This fucking communist muzzie needs to be shown the door. Along with the rest of the sand niggers that have invaded our country. 
She's talking Shite! Islam is strictly against committing the act of rape. Allah says in the Quran, And come not near to unlawful sex. Verily, it is a shameful (deed) and an act evil, opening the road (to many other evils) (Quran 17: 32. She's a fcking retard! 
Where does it say that? Only fcking Isis terrorists come out with that shite today. Who are the Non believers / kaffirs. Rape is uillegal in every country on earth and only a retarded cunt would blame a Book. What Authority does that stupid bitch have - NonE! No offence Sidney. 
Jews are retarded so I don't believe they are capable are they? They are merely a programmed brain so they have absolutely no creativity! 
Well, I'm gay as fuck, but even I would go for those two blonde babes. No nigger dick for me, thank you. 
Let me explain something. This Movie made by a Jew starring a Nigger and a Jew making fun of Racism and Sexism would Never be made today. Leftists would Shut the producers down, and Riot until everybody pulled the film today. 
Is it twu what they say about the darkies? Its Twu! Haha 
Another corrupt faggot 
Barack Obama: 'marriage is between a man and a woman' Yeah, until he got into office. Obama's a lying faggot. 
At least he isn't a filthy muslim. Lol the filthy muslim attacks someone in the crowd while his filthy friend jumps in and sucker punches Conor and you call Him a punk? Cut back on the muzzie choad faggot 
Remember This Cunt Is An IsAMIC Goat PIsS Drinking Fuck! 
This cunt has an amazing afro 
Retard 
Ya Fauxy, no need to be afraid of those dumbass Sjw white privilege bitches. The rural country gal college educated well armed independent white women take their Mob busting 2A privilege very seriously. 
Gillum Is A Nwo GLOBALIsT Spawn Of George Soros. Only A Liberal Retard Would Vote For Him. 
U are whore? Do u know me? No, so fuck off cunt! 
Apology accepted Carl James O'Brien is a cunt mind you so is Sadiq Khan and you right Sadiq Khan doesn't give a shit about the girls who are being raped he only cares about his own self interests and his agenda 
How did the cunt get a Brit passport? 
Now, if I remember correctly from the muzzie invasion in Europe, which this is similar to (smaller numbers) these people are all (haha) doctors & lawyers right? 
I'm not quite sure how many times I have to tell your stupid moronic idiotic brainless twat waffle self you don't speak for women whether it's Republican women or Independent Women because I'm going to tell you something you little tart I have women that are independent as friends they don't like anybody speaking for them let alone some democratic dingbat who doesn't know any of them. Here's another clue for you you bimbo constantly running to the polls and saying but the poll say this the polls say that we have the advantage in the generic poll, Hillary Clinton also had a lead in all the polls didn't she? Everyone knows that they oversample Democrats in order to get the desired outcome they want it's been well documented perhaps you should look it up instead of constantly going on outnumbered and making a complete fool of yourself, the only thing I wish is that Dagan would get up and punch you off the fucking couch. Stop speaking for women cuz you don't speak for me and you don't speak for any other woman you disgusting dirty bitch 
Nigger student threatens french school teacher by Mark Collett; 
Remember The Ark Is A Fairytale And The Titanic Was Sunk By The Jew Iceberg 
U must be a stupid redneck moonshine swilling crossbreed who believes the shit in the ot. Plus you have no sense of humor 
DEMrat sponsored illegal invasion continues: Trump to call Us military to close southern border as 4, 000-strong WETback invasion caravan pushes north 
Wetback invasion is exactly what this is and it's been going on for the last fifty fucking years. 
What's with you kikes and Hitler being gay? Do yall really want "nazi" dick that bad? 
Whats with you nazis being gay, fag? 
Go on dig more into your private stash of gay porn and post it to the world so you can show them what a faggot you are. Lmao 
I was wondering the same thing. What kind of jew sets up a gay porno shoot with six guys that all look like retarded siblings? 
Another cunt who claimed people were out to get her. Lying sack of parasitic excrement, along with the rest of the Dc ruling class. I don't care Who they are, or how rich they are, they are parasitic Excrement in my opinion. 
Twitter and fucken Fuckbook are blood brothers in arms owned by same deformed son of a funking whore, a common cunt 
Because of work? Hahaha. As if he has to. The fucking cunt 
Is a faggot and I've never said Anything to that buttpirate before. 
Hey jew@jew talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel and tell us how you plan to whine your ass up the communist asshole of those you take your marching orders from? Jew punk you are a great excuse for what is needed. Libertarian is a code word for faggot jew and with a wink you are blowing glory holes in the little girl's room 
Oh! Hahahaha busted! Cory the gay nigger Lol 
No. You're just a dumb fuck who looks at totalitarians who all engage in the same behavior & give them different labels. This semantics-based bullshit "political spectrum" is nothing but liberal propaganda. Communists, socialists, monarchs, oligarchs, theocrats. It doesn't matter What you call totalitarian dictators. They All follow the same policies & tactics. They All think you are too stupid to run your own life so they must do it for you. The fact you think there is a difference between totalitarians just shows how fucking retarded you are. You have the critical thinking skills of an eggplant. 
I also thought it was some photo shop thingy. But indeed he married a spic dwarf Lol 
Libtard Retard 
The sodomite subhuman and his nigger Blm boyfriend deserve the worst kind of violence, mutilation and death that a human mind can conceive 
Fucking faggot 
Garth Is A Faggot who Loves Obama, , 
No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2. 0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros 
As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you! 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
Yea you just admitted that you want to hurt her so your bitch ass is afraid i would tell, right you fuck cunt 
This is the dyke cunt, Zoe Sharp, who wrote a "funny" short story about President Trump being assassinated. 
Cool. I'd rather deal with this thing than some stupid nigger from the Tsa 
4th horseman eat shit nigger cuck whore 
Oh, I remember this dude from his 15 minutes of infamy when he was crying like a little bitch because he was about to get arrested lol Are you still hooked on drugs or nah? 
If you had to face half the shit I've faced, you'd blow your faggot ass brains out, and the world would be a better place for it. 
Lead the way, faggot. 
Taylor Swift huh? A marginally talented walking twat with the Iq of a green salad. Why would I give a rats ass what she might think? Unless she's performing oral sex for me, I have no reason to even think of her. 
You killed one nigger and maimed another. Based af. 
To me - Someone from Niger. A "nigger" is a whole nother story 
I support your crusade against these faggot pedos brother. You are the one true 
Every White Man is Higher than any Nigger D and R don't change that. Race is real. Your Values are Bullshit. 
"We can even make whites when we get sick and make albinos. "- Retard Alert, Retard Alert! Ding, Ding Ding, Ding, Ding The only thing you negros are taking is aids and starvation. The statistics indicate you aren't taking our women. What your people are doing is raping White women, In Mass. Its literally at epidemic levels. That must be what you mean by: 'taking your women'. Also, Whites can't make negro babies. And Negros can't make White babies. Their called mongrels, you literal retard. 
I love our first lady. Melania is Way better than that tranny cunt Michelle. 
Don’t underestimate the lethality of unhinged libtard useful idiots. This happened in Bolshevik Russia, Maoist China, and with the Camere Rouge in Cambodia. Millions were killed. Be armed and ready to defend your life and family. When they attack it will be like a swarm of retarded savages thirsting for your blood. 
Maga: Build the wall and Throw All Kkk Nazi Fascist Right Wing Pigs Over It! Take America back from the retards on the right! 
Takes a real indoctrinated retard to post one Cnn headline after another thinking the bullshit you've been fed somehow eliminates the very real results people can point to that actually contradicts Cnn's bullshit 
I have a group of Jewish trolls now following the mad Jewish woman! Lol. John and his gay buddy hate white women but not enough to meet in person. (Because I'd shoot you in your fag head) 
Place of residence poof. Called me out and worried about and scared of a faggot. Must be middle eastern or african decent. 
Fly here. What is here. I meet up time and place. Wait there earlier it was my place of residency. Why won't I want to go back. You a gay faggot man. Hmm you can't prove that you aint 
Hard to believe so many clueless and stupid, idiots support the Muzzie asshole. What is wrong with those brain dead morons? 
Why did you cancel your vid on me tho? Am I a Cia nigger too? 
Then tell the fucking muslum cockroaches to stop lobbing bombs at israel. And israel eill stop returning fire. Its that simple you fucking stupid retard! 
My faggot fucking grandpa would be so proud 
Gab has blocked and reported me on twitter and now I have been banned for 24 hours. Fuck off you bunch of pussy ass kikes. 
They reported me for calling Andrew a nigger for censorship. 
"Tried to let 'em in on some good Goy shit Now I'm firing up the ovens for the hook-nosed clique! " -Mr. Bond 
Says the fat fuck behind a fake avatar. Dont come for me faggot I'll win. Im Better than you and u wont make me stop doing shit. In fact, I will post More of this shit since I know it upsets u so much, Scurry along u little fuckin rat im done batting u around. 
Aussie kangaroo dick sucking faggot 
"aussie kangaroo dick sucking faggot" fuck off 
Fuck off you marxist kikesucking kangaroo fucking homo 
Fuck off you kikesucker 
Nimrata Randhawa is a neocon And You are a faggot 
The question is, why are you allowed on Gab faggot 
Most white people aren't mud sharks and nigger lovers. You made sure to be real selective 
Shoot the f*cking lot and Bristol will not have a large Somalian Nigger problem. 
Nigger please. 
Look nigger lover, I am not a libtard nor on the left. I am a centralist. So I call it how I see it. So fuck Trump and Fuck You Too. While you're at it, take that fucking nut bag Clinton with you. 
That's why I don't donate to "Feed the children. " No way I'm paying to feed nigger babies in Africa. My taxes already pay for welfare and afdc here in America. If they didn't steal it from me to feed the niggers, the niggers would starve. 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Not faggot Elton John. 
Once again I log on and these fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches are posting tranny porn in my timeline/ Isn't Gab banning these bloody faggots via Ip address, @a @e? 
Lol. Fairy gay neo-nazi faggot socialist bitches. I love it! 
I chased the last nigger family off of my block. 
Weird, you sound like a nigger. Your block? 
Sorry this is gross but it is important to see how liberal feminists have destroyed men. Just look at this piece of shit. I don't want these people anywhere near me or my family. It should be a crime to allow children near any democrats. 
You gone full retard 
Fuck you moron. I'm an American badass I'm 6'5 275 pounds and I'll break your face with the wind when I walk past your old fat ass. I guess you can also tell me how many niggers your cunt wife fucked while you where on the corner suckin dick? Talk about my iq when you can't read Dutch lol. Your iq is 60 lmao? Keep comin back for more you fuckin fag whore. 
Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books. To actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
You need a 5th choice that says. What Nazi Jew Haters? Go learn some history. When you virtue signaling dumb fucks resort to Nazi name calling, we know you don't read or know Chunks of missing history. Stop being a willfully ignorant faggot 
The Jews Own the porn industry. 
I'm glad that colored lady insulted the chinks, I don't like them either. 
I say we shoot the nigger and the chink 
A rare moment of self-reflection from jamal smith-wIlkins or whoever this nigger is 
John Leguizamo: Gop ‘Now the Party of Sexual Assaulters, Pedophiles’: This dumb wetback needs to look in the mirror. I'm sure he worked with Weinstein like all of the rest. So who's the rapists and pedophiles? 
Great. Another Chinaman lecturing Australians for the next five years about how racist we are. Fuck this shit. 
Geez and to think all the times i got banned just for callin dowd a faggot 
Face it, the millennial generation is a brainwashed, unAmerican generation with excessive student loans to pay for indcotrination like this crap. 'hate speech' and other Retarded Sjw courses. 
Another in a long line of Zerobama's criminal Cabinet folk! Loretta Lynch is another Fucking Retard! 
He has to be nigger 24/7 
A local Ca judge let a nigger with a gun who threatened my wife Off With A Warning. 
Winston smith, you're a fucking idiot too stupid to live, i'll get you a 6ft deep safe space where you can be an infected idiot forever, fucking stupid cunt 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
Suck a nigger dick, commie cunt 
Serving blacks food isnt a scriptural sin Observing a faggot wedding Is and being forced to make a faggot wedding cake is the same as being forced to observe and participate in a faggot wedding. And is a sin! Theres Your Fucking Difference! 
Had to lock my twatter bc of this faggot right here he catchin them soros bucks for trying to fuck over our country he has painted a bigass target on his back sometimes its not the best thing to make alot of noise and make your face known. He better pray we nvr meet 
Who is that fag? 
No borders, there were nomadic tribes that raped and pillaged one another. No country, no states, no counties, no cities. Retarded liberal rewrite of history, map and all. There was no nation. 
The fact that Crooked Cunt is still roaming around committing crimes and making obscene amounts of money for speeches she never gave and books she didn't write tells me that Trump is a weak, indifferent president who isn't really in charge of anything. 
Most rappers flame out within a few years or less but this kike nigger has been on top for nearly a decade now. I wonder if it could have anything to do with his Jewishness 
That black they had on is always moaning about something, usually white people Eammon Holmes would have politely told the nigger to fuck off back his own country. I bet that chinless faggot Piers Morgan just sat their & let the wog get away with talking gibberish. Glad I don't watch any of these morning tv shows! 
Excuse me? Did I read that right? Why is this retard not in a mental institution? 
This swiss cunt is going on the list 
Oooooo scawy. Anything but duh list. Lol faggot 
Nigger in Rochester, Ny shoots up his own family, kills his "ex" and attempts to murder his son before being shot killed by police. 
She’s an ignorant cunt 
Fuken Nigger your day is coming! 
You sound like a dildotarian faggot 
Like all fucking stupid cunt Moslems you make no sense at all. 
Everyone has a smartphone except me. I have a dumb phone. It might even be said that I have a retarded phone. Every time I try to call someone, I end up getting a hold of Maxine Water's lawn service. 
Too many to count. Bull ring, tats, dyke hair, exhibitionism, sadism, man-chin. Maybe the biggest tell is that she looks like she has a touch of the mongol horde in her. 
Cair is absolutely a terrorist organization! They practice Taquiyah. The only good muzzie is a dead muzzie. I want them all to be good muzzies. 
I followed up the ape comment with a picture I made and was told by that cuck faggot Jack Dorsey that I'm being punished. I'll bet $100 that it'll be suspended after the 7 days. I think I'll go diejewdie mode on that fag jack. 
Muzzies are pure shit and breeders cuz the goobermint gives the money for having 5 muzzie brats 
I’m back because Twitter is retarded 
Twitter cunt liberal bitch Kirsten Powers 
Boring faggot 
Murkowski gets her vagina massaged by Feinstein for her no vote. Filthy dyke 
Fuck you stupid cunt! Didnt want to hurt him? More proof Women Lie All The Time Lousy Stinking Whore 
Susan Collins & Jeff Flake So you're mad that the President spoke facts last night at his rally and ran right to the cameras and radio shows to Bitch about it. However, I don't recall Either Of You running to the cameras or radio shows over Ford's Documented Lies such as 1) The 2nd door was done years prior reason? Because she rented out part of her house to a marriage counseling business 2) Lied about coaching someone on polygraphs (Ex boyfriends sworn statement under the penalty of a felony) 3) Lied about flying Nevermind the Numerous contridictions Nevermind Leland twice now said the same thing! Nevermind the Fact all these ppl signed affidavits under the penalty of a Felony Charge Just because a woman has Tits and a Twat does Not make them credible! Evidence and Facts make someone credible! Why aren't you Running To The Cameras About That? 
He was raised by Whites and has an Iq Far above the nigger average. I watch him on YouTube a lot. He speaks the truth. Very rare. 
Fuck U nIGGERS! 
Girl why you bring this nigger loving video here? That fucking white trash cunt wants a nigger let her fucking get her ass beat down. She is worst than a nigger. 
I'm sure the White boys are all crying into their beers. She can now go back to her nigger bucks and shooting sprogs across the room while they use her as a heavy bag. 
Another Faggot from Toronto 
The Democrats sure had to dig deep to find this lying cunt that is so upset about being dry humped. Really? Dry humped? What a liar! 
And I have your kike hanging low faggot come suck it bitch. 
Now James Clapper. Lol Now taking bets on who is next. I say Chuck Schumer You gotta be real retarded if you think the public will fall for this crap. Even Democrats know it is fake and done to try get some momentum back. Lol Wonder how Twitter is reacting to this shitshow 
Look at how deftly he's manipulating you. He created a frame by ingratiating himself to you by exploiting your previous relationship and the willingness to believe him because of that, then he reinforced that frame by appealing to your pride and setting you up to be a crack nigger if you disagree with him. 
Yea They Get Short Circuited And Triggered So Easy In A Forum That Is Not Moderated And Flagged Or CENSoRED. Just use the word Nigger or show a swastika and they will be mad all night and go to bed triggered 
How is it different than one nigger shooting another nigger? White people get a net benefit, but it doesn't mean they are working to advance the 14 Words. If you're ok being on the same side of the line as this monkey fucker, then why not be the fan boy of whatever random nigger shoots another nigger? 
Cnn: 'you're our nigger or we'll call you Trump's nigger' poor Kanye 
"Look at this fucking nigger purposely sweeping a toddler with his scooter. Redditors are so fucking dumb they don't understand the evil of niggers to film an assault on a white child for crylaugh emojis from his fellow chimps on instagram. " - Anon 
Look at this fucking nigger, he did not even touch the toddler. 
If it is a pipe bomb, give it to Anderson Cooper. He'll shove it up his greased up pimply A-hole or deep throat it. What I'm trying to say is that A. Cooper is a faggot and sticks pipe-like things were no man should. 
So basically the gay way to jump on a grenade, gotcha! 
Thats Sounds Retarded To Ppl With Downs Holy Shit 
Faggot nigger 
The communists are not nazis, you retard 
Isn't this the same retard that fucked up Apu? 
Believe it or not, Elizabeth Warren is claiming this test vindicates her. At best, it would make her 1/64 native American. Most tribes require at least 1/8 to be considered a member. If I take a Dna test and I find 0. 1% African blood, can I get some affirmative action from you whiteys? 
I don't care if Elizabeth Warren is Sitting Bull's daughter because I don't like her and she is a Democrat which means she will never get my vote. Sitting Bull was a brave Hunkpapa Lakota leader killed by our government. Elizabeth Warren is a retarded joke. 
He is just a Kenyan Muzzie Manchurian Puppet 
Call a person a faggot and beg for them to call it a hate crime, so you can burn the libtard with. "wanna take this matter to the supreme court? " i assure they will concede defeat muhahahahhahaaaaaaaa 
I finally found out about this site after being banned from twitter over a dozen times. After what that Georgetown twat posted and kept her account, I didn't think calling Warren a little Indian was a big deal. Fuck twitter 
Just another way to spell nigger 
Hell naw! Ive never in my life heard a nigger with an Australian accent. Id like to keep it that way. Australia is still very white, thankfully. 
It's insulting that a stupid bitch like Sinema could even appear on a ballot for U. S. Senator. I marked my ballot for McSally just prior to reading more about Sinema's liberal bullshit. 
I voted all R's as a fuck you to Google, Facebook, Twitter, Feinstein, Schumer, Pelosi, and especially that faggot Soros, among others. 
You weren't here last week when we established that being retarded is a source of power. 
You're too stupid to understand the magnitude of $25B Retard muted. 
These are the people you want to suck off though you pathetic jew hating faggot bitch 
Not a cohesive answer in the bunch. Pass out Full Retard signs. 
First time on Gab. Found it cause I just got another 7 day Twitter time out for calling Andrea Mitchell a bimbo. They suspended me for hate speech within about 5 seconds of the tweet. 
Welcome, and glad you're here. Let them wardens go son, . I dropped them after 'one' 12 hour suspension for calling a silicon valley twat employee a mongoloid who provoked Me. And that was enough. Easy choice to leave a little following to be able to speak! Happy to follow back! 
Dara o cunt funcking transgender bbc mother fucker another remain bastard that needs knocking out like zog 
Lol i was busy not giving a fuck about the nfl, so missed this one, lol at the faggot fudge packers, go to canada and play for the cfl ya fudge packing un-american faggots 
Today's has definitely caused some triggering 
Most normie retard opinion ever. 
The spic is lying 
They are wide open. Have you seen video of military units setting up on the border yet? Gullible fucking retard 
Johnny fish, you called me a retard again, I'm going to make you debate me on stage with all of your girlfriends standing by, I will take you on right now brother, don't ever call me a gullible fucking retard, set it up, I'm Your Man 
Retard. Wtf are you gonna do? Go on show me wtf you are gonna go lol 
Q Anon will safe us. Follow the plan. Muslims like Obama and that Muzzie Saul Alinsky are Communist. Don't be antisemitic and it will be fine. 
I agree. I'd also like to point out that not every nigger needs to be black, as Pelosi shows. 
Mainstream Christians (ie Cuckstians) today are really just anti-white, Sjw faggots. They tell whites to flood their countries with Third World immigrant and refugee vermin. They tell whites to adopt dindus instead of making white babies. And now they tell young white men to marry 75 year old women. Wtf? Their emails: rmoore@erlc. Com, rmoore@sbc. Net, president@erlc. Com, matt. Smethurst@thegospelcoalition. Org, Collin. Hansen@thegospelcoalition. Org, dahn@tiu. Edu 
She is a show girl hawking wears. She has Zero count them, Zero real 'beleifs' other than making money off suckers. That twat will fall in. 
What hate most about Pussy Faggot Must Die George Soros. Is He Hides Behind HIs $$$Money$$$! 
Well, because A) She is stupid. B) She is acting like a cunt and C) because that adds up to a stupid cunt. I don't buy the, I am female so I can bully who I want, argue with who I like, scream and shout in the face of any one and throw insults and you can't do anything shit. I fight back. Stupid cunts get called stupid cunts. Is that clear enough for you? 
I ripped a tv off the wall and smashed a nigger in the face with it. Wasn't my room and was in Chicago 30 year ago. It was a big fight blood every where 
Makes you wonder how retarded some stupid women can be! 
It was nice of those fags and nigger women to give you permission to walk away, pretty fuckin based of them 
I just sent this to my Dad saying remember to work hard today and earn lots of money so this nigger can eat nonstop until she has expensive Dr appts nonstop 
Lol i cant see her i think the enormous fat nigger must be in the way 
Nigger ianer aus Nigger ia? 
Little faggot genocide now. 
We should add a luxury tax to retarded stuff like this. 
'Look at me! I am a Nigger with a White woman! I am a winner because of this! Without a White woman to prop me up, I would be just another nothing Nigger living off the avails of the White race! ' I loved it. Keep up the good work dismantling your own race. 
And please, remember Nacalt. Some Christians are pro white, patriarchal and based. That’s why Jews cucked the main stream Christian churches via tax incentives for diversity. If a Christian Church is interfaith, if they do not discriminate based on race, if they tolerate fags, if they aren’t patriarchial, it’s Christian hinduism, not Christianity. 
And you go ahead and keep making death threat an shiiiet, and wonder why we don't trust you fucking kikes, only kikes want to kill Whites and you prove that every day that, You come on here acting like Isis sand nigger militants, and so many people are watching you all it's actual funny, fucking sand niggers and we will see about Soon. I don't hide behind a mask like some fags do I love that I can compare you to fagtifa both fucking cunt bitch's 
The Eu is going full retard - this building stream of outrageous directives are overwhelming our ability to adsorb the lunacy behind them. Dave Cullen - Authoritarianism & Another Insane Eu Directive <12min 
Hillary Clinton is definitely here to retard the national discussion We might as well of crippled flights instead of debating Democrats versus Republicans 
In before "It's Soros who's totally not a Jew but is actually an evil Nazi Ddd" 
I usually never question the authenticity of videos on the internet but would the jews srsly put their jew star on the spic trucks? 
The Jew is finally going to receive consequences for continuing to allow Niggers to enter Europe's Shore Europe is our homeland our Race's homeland we should protect it all costs not a Single Nigger should be permitted onto European Soil. 
Redneck hysteria is funny to watch. Thanks clowns 
This is a albino nigger piece of shit cunt. 
10/ Created a White House Va Hotline to help veterans and principally staffed it with veterans and direct family members of veterans. Va employees are being held accountable for poor performance, with more than 4, 000 Va employees removed, demoted, and suspended so far. Signed the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act, increasing the number of Va employees that can assist justice-involved veterans. But according to lbc thuggerty and james the cunt oliar trump has not achieved anything 
Eat shit faggot 
A majority of the people she is speaking of are so retarded that they do not know what country they live in and their own History. 
He rode a skateboard without falling off across a flat stage in front of a bunch of retarded millenials. Does that count as an accomplishment? 
Hey celtics fans if ya win, does it really matter, when my starting point guard hates being a piston? I think the only team he would play for is if it had Faggot written on the jersey instead of Detroit 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
So, you’re really this stupid? Lmfao! I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
1945 was compelling Kikery. Never mind what's been declassified, Goyim. 
These dumbass holocaust deniers need to be swept out with the libtards. There is no way these people can contribute to society! 
Got no siblings Retard 
Eric Holder puts the cunt in gun cuntroll 
Im not surprised that the muzzie would pull this shit they should have never been let into a western country 
Cnn calls Kanye an illiterate nigger and nobody cares "Don't let him off the Dem plantation! Catch him! " Trump is breaking the matrix 
The nigger blinks first 
Started out ok, then devolved into typical nigger stream of conscious 
Yes. He is not my favorite at all. But he is a welcomed nigger agitator nonetheless 
Wouldn't there be delicious irony if Amazon played Shiva the destroyer to Swpl urban-bugman culture? (and incidentally, "Cleveland" ain't what that damaged faggot Tennessee Williams thought it was) 
Yep banned me for posting the ok handsign. Triggered a liberal bitch and walabanned. All a faggot has to do is cry to dicksuckerberg and your gone. 
"Muh Dikk" Here comes the Nigger behavior. With you primates, everything comes down to "Muh Dikk". 
Why property values would go down he is a nigger like every other nigger. 
You forgot the "I don't take polls from faggot commie bolsheviks" option. Over 150 million people, Faggot. 
Just stop being an annoying cunt and vote on my poll so that i can become more familiar with gab's user base. 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
Go drink bleach nigger kike 
Lol, You see, every ones know who is the kike, silly dick sucker, I don't know who you are behind that gay pic and fake ass name you are sporting, Like I said, You hide cause you are a kike, I am A White Man, Standing Not hiding commie bitch 
No did not quit he got his ass booted & I guess his other Account just happened to go down with it. Now cry us a River you little Aspie Faggot 
No one wants to get rid of jews for their religion, we want to get rid of them for shitty behavior like spreading degenerate atheist communism, promoting open borders for us but not them, race mixing for us not them hypocrisy thy name is jew 
Bolshevism is judiasm, we've known it since the 1930s. I love the not all bullshit. Useful idiots are the goy in antifa the jews are willing to have run over in the street to promote their degeneracy. Non-communist jews are like "moderate muslims" if they exist at all it's to condone and apologize for jewish behavior, hasbara 
Its not a claim its a fact you dopey cunt 
Brett you fucking moron they don't need a passport to fly to Canada but their relatives live in the Us not here and the jobs that you spoiled privileged fucktards won't take they will do, and a rope and a grappling hook would do just fine and just so ya know ya retard there are already 100's of tunnels 
Torba is a faggot cuck and a lying grifter. 
Retard 
Ai art fetches $432, 500 Edmond de Belamy, from La Famille de Belamy sold today (Oct. 25) for $432, 500more than 40 times the initial estimateto an anonymous phone bidder. Typical retarded phone poster 
That's retarded 
If a drunk teen or a retarded person came into my home any time of the day uninvited they'd be a dead drunk teen or a dead retard. Just how it is now. She thought everyone would say they wouldn't shoot. 
Burn the coal, pay the toll. Yep, toll paid. Cute girl, too. Why do these women go crazy and associate with nigger animals 
Wish I knew the answer. Bad parenting by dads or absentee dads is a possibility. Dads should disown mudshark daughters. 
That vile cunt can eat shit and live to taste it. In Gitmo 
As posted by me earlier regarding this story in an earlier instance: As the ex-father of a 24 year old daughter who I tried hard to raise properly only to be stabbed in the back after I found she had taken a nigger as her current fiance', therefore forfeiting any further acknowledgement as a family member and who is now regarded as a degenerate former member of White society, I encourage niggers to slay their mudsharks, whether current or former. Burn the coal, pay the toll. 
You went full retard 
How is this cunt still alive? She has enough enemies, noone could ever be convicted for killing her. 
That's the propaganda that is used to keep people separate and not see who the real enemy is. Government! 
Oh yeah, sure, it's not different cultures, beliefs, abilities and interests that divide people, it's Big Gubmint! An illiterate Somali Muslim with an Iq below 70 would obviously see eye-to-eye with an educated White Christian about the big issues in life, and what direction the country should go, if not for "Divisiveness". 
Culture, which is as much a product of the people making up a society as it is shaping them. Countries with shit cultures didn't just produce them by accident - it happened due to said countries being disproportionately populated by shit people. 
I can't argue with that. That doesn't make a "race" though. 
Ok, invite 14 somalians to live at ur house. After they are done raping ur lack of wife (aka u), you can come back & resume virtue signaling to us how noble africans are. Faggot trust the pan q 
Im almost 14 & I understand that very well. Then again I spend most my day with these animals at school making decisions for others when ur totally insulated from the repercussions most of us have to deal with makes them deserve the rope first. I didn't ask for that shit 
No one asked for it, mate. We were born into it. We'll be the last generation born into slavery. 
Culture and inbreeding. They should be where they came from. Muzzies and Africans. 
You are both right. Best to discuss and not attack each other. No fighting/name calling. 
Go to Prison, you will learn about race very quickly. Especially if you are two out with Congo Jim. 
America doesn't have a 'Somali' problem, per se. What America has is a jewish problem. Who do you think is importing the Somalis to America? 
The German knocking the Nigger out brought tears to me eyes! Are the true Aryans returning? 
Quit being such a faggot. My religion demands that I be way more "racist" than you. In common parlance, if you're White and don't want White Genocide, you're "racist". 
How come christians eat pork, & why arent you circumcised? Retarded fuck Face facts, youre a liar & a bullshitting piece of shit Which is why you never post any evidence, degenerate christ nigger, filth 
One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post 
Is that what happened to Gabby? Turned Gay and joined the Leftists? 
Yeah gone faggot orange 
Damnnn Aryan af nigger 
America’s token nigger 
Because no third-world retard wants to join other third-world retard societies, they want to be with the whites, especially when there's free stuff to be had. 
The only retarded part is coming from you! 
Wtf? Protect that cut on your forehead. What are you doing? Ufc 
Once again. Shut up faggot. You are talking about things you know nothing about. Stick to trailer parks, faggot gun magazines (because we know you can't afford guns), and fucking family members. Basically, just keep on being a Tennessean but don't comment on martial arts 
Rotfl. 
You probably study aikido. Senseis are for fake martial arts. Fake martial arts are jokes. You are all Jew loving Qtard southern inbreds 
. Or senior citizens - I was a marksman at 9, 11 15, & 16 years old my 1st tour in military school, decades before you were born, even B4 Nam. I also trained under Master Kang Rhee in Memphis, Elvis' sensei. I was onstage with his bodyguards before in an exhibition. I prefer bullets now, do you mind Monsieur Shitlordless stressful on the body when I wake up. 
. But I reckon I could still take you. 
This is strange, I know you're probably talking to the idiot I muted, but it shows as you talking to me. LoL 
It was him lol. He got frisky. 
Dude is unhinged. He thinks he can beat everyone up not knowing anything about them. His fighting style is hugging, mine is street from being in a gang, Kungfu and Taekwondo with some kickboxing. I also used to box. However, I'd just not even bother and shoot him. LoL 
I know, I think you have to go Pro before your Url's resolve as unique - not exactly the business model & price structure I would have chosen, but hey - lol. 
Ha ha, in my state it's a felony to hit a "senior citizen", and it's a stand your ground state. Guys like him have to pray the olde farte has a felony and can't carry. 
Stand your ground in my state as well. He wanted me to come to the anti gun state of Washington. Makes total sense. Dude wants to fight me over a fight on Tv then wants me to come to him. Truly ignorant mofo. 
Child, you have no idea what you are talking about, but let me give you some idea of what I'm talking about, if you ever call me a faggot again I'm going to make your life a living fucking hell, make your next words count because if I hear you call me a bitch again it's going to be bad for you 
Aw! Did I push your buttons & get you riled to the point of being triggered? Truth hurts, doesn't it! Come on cunt cake! Let's go! You want to spar? I'm game! I never hesitate to call out Trolls such as yourself. You're only recourse is to mute me, like most spineless trolls do when they are confronted with truths that do not agree with their narrow view of reality. 
So apparently today was Drive Like A Retard Day. I must not have gotten the memo. 
Why White people should depot all Black people, even the good ones! It unfortunately has come to this if you don't see more black people bash their own Retarded Racist Race! 
Sjw Commie Pinko Retard Cunt! 
Every time I own white supremacists, they all immediately mass downvote my posts. It's like "we're stupid, but at least we can click these buttons! " The best part is then you can see when I own them because for a while there will be no downvotes and then there will be a period of 2 days of downvotes. Then back to no downvotes. It's like tree rings of retardation. 
Jews dont consider themselves white even though they are european mixed with mongolian. You are obviously a retard so you dont pay attention to jews organizing Blm and 3rd worlder immigration demonstrations to take down the white europeans who keep this civilization free. Your probably a slimy jew. 
Obviously they are talking about white men's sperm, since nigger and brownie males are proliferating with women on a super dramatic level. I suppose the subliminal of this report is for white women who want babies to just dismiss altogether the idea of spending time on white men when we want babies? 
. Okay, who's the faggot with the beard? Not a joke, I legit do not know who this beardy is. 
That's faggot-ass Jack Dorsey - Only the Ceo of Twitter. He's the one running all the censorship on conservatives- he collects everyone's dick-pics. Is a He hates America 
. I see I was entirely right to class him as "faggot. ", he is a colossal douche-stain. 
Hardly Surprising If We Had A French Faggot President Who Openly Fondled Naked Niggas And Came From A Family Of Nazi Collaborators, We Might Actually Riot As Well, Although Probably Fucking Not! (Far Too Many Soy Boys I Suspect) 
Creepy faggot loves the power. Dont think he isnt helping poison white people. 
Indeed they should. Now Candace, do how Nigger males rape 45, 000 White women on an annual basis, whilst White males rape Zero Nigger women on an annual basis. No, the 'zero' is not a typo, it is an factual number. 
I have never met a White male who was ever sexually-attracted to a Nigger female my entire life. I am myself absolutely disgusted by them. 
So, he has no problem with his kids having no identity whatsoever? They cannot claim to be Nigger since the Niggers would refuse them due to their White blood, and rightfully-so. 
Fat nigger ape 
Remember when a faggot tried shooting up the Family Research Council because he saw them on the Splc "hate map"? He brought Chick-fil-A sandwiches he had hoped to shove into the mouths of his victims. The Jewish press didn't give a shit. 
Get a fucking job Sand Nigger 
This cunt is reported. 
's best song. Look at what a happy, organic, jew-free society looks like. I have visited with old people who lived under the Reich starting in the 1990s. Even if they have been brain-washed into self hatred since, they all admitted that the time of the Reich was the happiest, healthiest time in their lives, and some were moved to tears when telling of the times they got to see Hitler, the man who, for close to a generation, freed a people from the tyranny and demoralizing rule of the jew. Never forget, we fight for the human dignity of our women, our children, and the legacy of our ancestors, who, for a time, could rise in the morning and lay down to bed at night, having breathed every breath of their day as free men. Live free or die, come to respect the man who Gandhi deemed one of the most just men in history There are many paths to restoring health, and one of the best ones is to see through jewish historical revisionism, and accept Hitler into your heart as a liberator of man and a champion of human dignity. 
Rap is total Garbage. "Song" is too good a word for that shit. Behave as White Men and Shame the Wiggers! 
Pussy likes to listen to a Nigger cadence sometimes cause 'helps'. 
I know as a white Christian I've been muzzled & told not to speak anymore. Oops. Fuck you Jews. I put you first this time because I've been criticized for not doing so in the past. Fuck you Muslims. You're to humanity what scum is to shit. If I left anyone out. Like a kneeling black, a wetback Hispanic, a bitch twat feminist, or a penilevaginal Lgbtq. Fuck you too. 
This jew at has been quoting and reposting "nazis" all day (including quotes from Jesus himself about the bloodsuckers known as jews), and he legitimately thinks he's pwning them. Lol. Those jews, man. They truly are as arrogant as they are blind. 
Oh Oh excuse the shit outta me. You just Support the leaches who literally suck the blood from baby dicks. And there I was thinking you were a giant faggot or something. 
Not sure whether to thank. You or damn you. Thanks to your post I got a hankering for some coonass grub. Went to town today for all the fixns I ain't got for a gumbo. I know after dinner it'll be a thank you but during all the work of making your ears will probably be burnin a bit. 
So sad, . You're as much a faggot nazi as ( 
But we are not willing to stop an army of little brown people from Guatemala marching straight into this country. 
C-130 gunship! Squatamalen Enchiladas with Spic sauce! 
Kinda-related example: Colin Kaepernick. Adopted by a virtue-signalling white family, given everything he could ever want, and had more opportunities than 99. 99% of people, black or white. Still turned out to be a bitter little faggot that hates his family and himself and adds no value to the world. 
When they start talking about all nigger crime against Whites, I might start giving a shit what they have to say. 
Beta O’Rourke pushes anti white message at his rally with Snl Nigger 
New #Q Drop. 10. 08. 18 No. 2371 Stinking 'China Spy Di Fi' still not done f*cking up. When will this bitch go down? Q! MG7VJxZNCI No. 366 Oct 8 2018 13: 12: 00 (Est) New 2371 DpARGYOUYAAAU8_. Jpg < ( See Meme Below ) Q Pray 4 < > 
Faked. If it was real the lying cunt would not be wearing a parachute. 
I never read that she did that anywhere but I bet the black cock slut did it numerous times along with the other two black cock slut accusers 
I hope the cunt saw all the memes that were made of her lying count fuckin face 
Shithead o'connor proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that she is a dumb cunt 
's best song. Look at what a happy, organic, jew-free society looks like. I have visited with old people who lived under the Reich starting in the 1990s. Even if they have been brain-washed into self hatred since, they all admitted that the time of the Reich was the happiest, healthiest time in their lives, and some were moved to tears when telling of the times they got to see Hitler, the man who, for close to a generation, freed a people from the tyranny and demoralizing rule of the jew. Never forget, we fight for the human dignity of our women, our children, and the legacy of our ancestors, who, for a time, could rise in the morning and lay down to bed at night, having breathed every breath of their day as free men. Live free or die, come to respect the man who Gandhi deemed one of the most just men in history There are many paths to restoring health, and one of the best ones is to see through jewish historical revisionism, and accept Hitler into your heart as a liberator of man and a champion of human dignity. 
This isn't a football game played by overpaid negroes that you waste hours on Sunday watching. This is pretty much a struggle for Western Civilization, but you don't care because you're a faggot that has no future. 
Nigger Name Of The Day: "Remarkable" Hill (a buck) This is on a Tv show, so I don't know how they spelled it. Imo "Reprehensible" would be a far more accurate choice. 
Shandiarrheaqua 
More Ham Please. That would be an awesome first, middle and last name. 
I want to know how the cunt managed to make one of the best Sci Fi series to date, but also totally fucking broke the Alien franchise so badly no one wants to touch it any more. I hate him forever for that. 
This Nigger Bitch Needs Locked Up For Life. 
Hahaha. Twitter put me on a limited state for calling a Cunt, cunt 
I don't even blame this cheap half-cast nigger hooker for behaving like she does, nor for dressing like sleazy secretary / funeral assistant / Morticia Addams wannabe all the time, or for always looking unkempt and unwashed with horrid greasy wig always in mess Harry is a halfwit But, where was Brf's collective brain to allow this circus? 
Prince Philip. "Get that bloody nigger out of here. Transport the two of them to Van Diemen's Land. Make him Governor-General! I always said his mother was a twat. The acorn doesn't fall far from the tree" 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Nigger attacks kike. 
Jews are bad, , , but their zealot are fucking maniacs. Worse than the muslims 
Yes, the cunt actually said Trump had a private server. Somebody at least put a helmet on her before she hurts herself 
This is what libtards do to perfection: projecting their own dirt on others. Padded room is better than helmet. 
The only prez candidate we know got money from Russia was hilderbeast 
Lol I have a private server. Its sort of secret so don't tell anybody. I also have a Russian email 
Debunked in 2016 How did Hillary get this to leak? Nsa spying? 
Opinion, your posts would carry more value and weight without the profanity. We are on the same side but. 
Yes your opinion. Seems over 85, 000 think my options carry value & weight. By all means mute me or scroll on through if you do not like my posts. I'm not being ugly to you just trying to make you see if you are 1 & there 85, 000+ on the other side maybe you should rethink your opinion. 
Ridiculous "Reverend" Al Sharpton once again uses the race card to discredit President Trump's base. When will this ridiculous nigger be arrested for not paying taxes? 
No room in the pen. Too many niggers 
Put him in with the arabs 
Get a load of this faggot 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Justin Trudeau is a retarded asshole crypto muslim globalist puppet mangina cuck. 
That poster was on the (right) or did you not get that. That person is also fighting against (leftism. I'm fighting against jews faggot 
And while rose fucked your boy cunt she sucked 3 sand niggers cocks 
1. It's "Abu Ghraib" you illiterate nigger. 2. You gonna vote your way to the day of the rope? Good luck with that my man. 3. Voting is gay, get your liberal faggot ass the fuck outta here. 
Lol, that account. What kind of retarded boomer shit is this. Fucking Americans. 
She's retarded 
Sara Peritas commented on your post. 3 hours: "Trump's given Israel 38 billion annually to commit more Murders in Gaza while Flynt goes without clean water - Reeks of political Bullshit to me. Whose side are you on anyway you Jewish supporting cunt" Sara Peritas the question is whose side are you on Jase? You accuse Thora Hawthorn intentionally with malice and intent. That is a Pedophile Jew's Hasbara tactic. Are you a Jew? 
[Me] I'm the furthest thing from Jewish, way down here in the south pacific you dirty Jewish Cunt [] 
The Jews want a light brown worker race with a lower Iq than whites have, smart enough to work but not smart enough to oppose them. Do nothing, and the Jews will succeed. What's your vision of our future? 
This why trying to help niggers and nigger out reach is stupid. These people are bred for war, rape and chaos fuck them 
If your blood hasn't boiled enough today. Home office deporting nigger moslem, take him on a commercial flight so people get upset and he stays in England! Round them up and fly them on a military plane or charter you cunts! 
Of course they're pricks! They just put the nigger on another flight. They're not saving anyone 
The royals just took in a nigger 
Cocksucker brown noser james woods is back on twitter, but i am not? 
Go fuck yourself you retard 67984 
That is precisely why I see a blind lamb in front of rabid wolves. Not fitting under the banner doesn't mean they do not vote communist. They suck from the same tits, milking the taxpayers dry, in the modern Democrat slave plantation. Let's put aside "interpretation" and try "rational". Bleat like a commie, sucks like a commie, maybe is a commie? 
This has got to be one of the most retarded things I’ve read this week. But then I looked at your Gab profile and every post was more stupid than the previous one. Are you on medication? Because you should be. 
Antifa Will fuck up and attack the wrong person, either in a very bad optics video or just someone with the right connections to bring the pain. They are not disciplined, as the faggot kicking that sweet pro-life girl proved. Their day of judgment is much nearer than they or you blackpilled fools think. 
None of you pedos have acfually answered my simple question. Why? Because you know I am right. You lot are bad actors. You have come to gab to try turn it into *another* place for "legal child porn" when you already have an abundance of places for that kind of thing. Or to try to break Gab if they refused. Good news though, it wont work. No one cares about your "needs" 
It's like that faggot Butch Deadlift. They don't care strongly about anything and are nihilists. But step on the one thing they actually do care about (Anti Christian sentiment for butch and child porn for the lolicons), and they go make a shitfest. 
Cleanse this muzzie filth from the Ufc. Every fighter who fights these goat fuckers should coat their gloves with bacon grease. One year suspension at least. Come on, Dana White 
- Bullied- called "faggot", got slugged- "suicide" on social media & in person. Administrator said he was to blame by being openly "gay". 
Whats to stop any broke faggot from suing anyone from there past who hurt there feelz? 
Fox news got shot up by a nigger 
Nigger rights act must be repealed - if this nation is to be Great Again! 
Looks muzzie huh. 
Video=> Antifa Faggot Arsonists Set Pro-Trump Truck On Fire (Video) 
If you bill yourself as a 'misogynist' or 'misandrist' then you're a cunt and utterly worthless to humanityP 
What kind of an idiot would spend over a $1, 000 on Chinese trash? Apple is not the company that it once was, as soon as Steve Jobs died so did Apple. A twisted faggot runs the company now and he is running it into the ground. 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Thank you for providing yet another example of nigger "logic". 
You don’t have a dick, you cucked faggot slave. 
Jews are Racist Retarded robots! They are merely sub human beasts! 
Just as an experiment it would be interesting to hand her some kind of pill, tell her it's cyanide, and then see if she's willing to take it. When she most certainly doesn't, because she's fucking retarded and full of shit, ask her why she's a white supremacist^) 
MrBranston is a cunt 
Yep that Faggot Lindsey hugging on Huma the radical muslim terrorist pig. Cant wait for all of them to be put to death like Pos Traitor McCain. I wanted to watch McCain executed. We deserve to watch him exterminated for all the men he got killed in Nam, on the Uss Forestel etc. Traitoror Pos Sob = McCain 
Ffs Put That Nigger Out Of Our Misery 
Blacks are retarded savages. 
Retard muted 
Eric nigger 
What a retarded whore she is 
Harris is one vile cunt i would love to see butchered. Was that wrong of me to say? 
Boycott Alex Jones He Has Lied To You Since 1999 Look On YouTUBE For Bill Copper Calls Out Alex Jones A. K. A. Tranny Loving Faggot Checkout jones on 'know more truth's channel This fucker is on video sucking goat dick somewhere at mossads Hq 
No woman, "accidentally" gets knocked up 27 times. This is Sick! Sew that cunt shut! 
White cop chases down a lazy criminal neger and tases him. Dat popo can run son. 
Nigger electrified with anger 
This faggot wants his cheap tires! So what if Mexicans are ruining our country. He should get the fuck out and take his chink wife with him! 
Looks retarded 
Muted Cunt Stay Out Of Brit Fam. 
Tough times that he brought on himself by being retarded and not listening to repeated warnings that white supremacists were going to keep tanking Gab. And they did. And he kept trying to protect them, so now he's getting ass screwed. He'll either learn or keep getting ass screwed, whichever he prefers. 
This cunt son or one the Rothschild son go s a round like Jesus Christ because the son think he a god and he was along time ago on infowar news and alec Jones called him out and talk all about that family and Alex one the who was normal and who is the devil 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
Fucking faggot come try to hurt me bitch 
Look at the foul mouthed Retard who is intellectually deficient! Go back to your shithole where you belong! 
Yikes, peeps are going 100% batshit looney tunes level crazy. This is the Qanon retard right wing, similar to the insane liberal left 
Found the faggot ass punk pole smoker who likes to make threats on the internet. Go smoke a smeggy pole you ass snatch licking shit nibbler. 
How long is it been eight years and Americans are still in charge this guy is a twat 
E celebs are fucking cancer. If you date a woman who goes to faggot pride parades you are a spiritual Jew. 
This society is so rotten and vulgar. So Jewified. 
I wouldn't touch that fag hag single mother if she was the last woman on earth. 
It's moments like this that make me hate that I identify myself as DoomSlayer, will have to give that old cunt a visit in the near future and banish her back to the satanic pits that spawned her. 
Who are all these secretive people giving news stories to Cunt News? Always some anonymous source! Trump doesn't have to apologize for saying nothing, those weasels are just lucky the "bombs" never actually exploded! 
If Westerners don't wake up Asap and Do something about this, it Will be ''Western World'' somewhere sooner, somewhere later, if not under sharia then under nigger gangs. There is not much time left to try and clean this mess though. 
Other politically correct retireds like yourself might think it’s important but I’m not a journalist leftist pukes like youself like to bitch about unless shit, you don’t want to get to the main subject of what were speaking about, because you have no experience about it, so take your grammar and stick it up your ass faggot 
Lying Georgia Femme cunt cop gets 15 years 
I realize the nba - nfl dominated by niggers because theyre biggest fastest strongest race. I also realize euro race has better lives than niggers because were the most intelligent spirited productive life loving people on earth. But the insane stupid nigger protesters think their unhappiness is my fault whom they live off of 
Battin a fag Knifin a kike we're launching a war run through maternity wards throw niglets on to the floor We build drone technology to hunt and shoot niggers I'm good long as an old gun will kill a new nigger 
I honestly dont know why twitter thinks i would never push a faggot away from me and say got a problem faggot? In real life, then ban me from twitter for saying i would do that in real life to a faggot talking shit to me 
Hey stop being a nigger and give me my premium content. 
Nigger cuddling is fucking disgusting. 
Build the wall. No sanctuary for wetback assholes! 
Unicorn. Because America ain't faggot enough. 
I make it a point to close doors in the face of women because. Not really, I'm a Southern Gentlemen and will always open the doors. If a woman complains it just makes her look like a cunt it's no skin off my ass. 
Go huff farts, faggot 
How ladylike of Roz to enlighten us. Nasty dyke 
Serpa sounds like sherpa. It's unstandable. That and leftists are functionally retarded about anything that doesn't involve python scripting. 
See you have literally copied this off me. Only i get who harold is. You fucking don't though do you. I made this two days ago. You fucking wannabe twat. 
Now you are reduced to lieing about me. Pray tell how you can spot what i have liked? They are anonymous to you. You are talking out of you arse about what you would like to be true you fucking Npc twat. 
Oh god. Are you really using words like dorky you sissy mumsy boy. Man The Fuck Up And Call Me A Cunt! Christ you are pathetic. 
British faggot 
What a fucking braindead reply. Enjoy your muzzies over there in the Uk bitch, since you are too pussy to do something about it. Get off Gab and go protect your country you faggot 
That's the dumbest gay Homo femme bitch Nigger shit I've seen here. Even as a joke. You're a master of irony? Or sucking retarded dicks. Leave the high ground to Hunter and Dd 
Oooooooooooooh Fucking cunt 
Haha I’ve been running a sub service on and off for years. I just don’t really market it unless calling everyone a cunt on Twitter can constitute marketing 
The most retarded thing about it all is that a lot of ppl believe this pile of crap is real. 
Black Beast nigger rapists. * 
This looks like a cut scene from 'The Wizard of Oz'. "Jews and Spics and Nigs, oh my! " 
She has such a retarded fucking face. 
Nope. Never been told that. Sorry, nigger but that white slut of yours lied to you. 
I Hate all non-whites and welcome the day when they are permanently removed from all White Lands. They're lazy, ineducable and destroy everything by their presence alone while draining all resources. Black nigger beasts, brown shit-skin spics, chinks, jews and sand niggers destroy White Societies and offer nothing. The cost is too great. 
That's because dorsey is a retard 
Yeah, Poly kinda went full retard there. 
Shoot Them Down. They Have Surely Gone Far With All That Money That Traitor Nigger Obama Gave Them. 
Face book link. Hmmm. Never stop doing or being what you are if you wanna loook on face book knowing they cant be trusted or googel is why im im on Gab i will look, and be my normal self on line or in real life, no camera is going to make me do anything i wouldnt normaly do thats the only why you can win overload them i take drugs im in internet Insulter so what. I run an insult room. On a program calls paltalk. You welcome to come in and say what ever you like I Will All Ways Be Froom In Soul Body And MInD. Peace. Come To Paltalk. The Room Name Is. Room owners cori shes a cunt cunty shes a cunt too me im just a wanker Bollocks is my name and stuey the bals northern wanker but i love him. Hes as gay as me just wont say so, , , , seee you in the room 
There's a redneck in the woodpile! 
Never knew there were so many retarded people in the Usa claiming jews are behind every*fucking*thing! But, I guess someone has to believe in chemtrails and QAnon, so retards a’plenty! 
Fuck you, jap cunt 
Q Anon is a retard psyop. 
Shep is such a typical faggot: 
And your running on faggot fumes 
As one who has had first hand experience with a mudshark ex-wife, I can safely say that no white man wants her, especially after her criminal nigger spawn was born. The nigger was the one who shot and killed that Amish family's horse in Lancaster county, Pa a few years ago. 
Was she mudsharking before marriage too? 
Is this the guy who mudsharked your wife? 
Ok dude. I get you now. From humble beginnings but she was always mudshark dirty skank gutter whore before you two hooked up & when you tried to elevate her social standing with marriage she went straight on down to the kerb a soon as you were out of town - many young in the forces share the same ole story with the same ole Perf 
I have no evidence, but she did have Puerto Rican boyfriends before we met. She's also bipolar and multiple personalities. 
In other words plain ugly? 
Ok nigger 
Faggot 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Well, looks like a nigger to me. 
I'll be anyway I want to be when I see some nigger muzzie saying he's superior. You can suck all the nigger dick you like. 
I wouldn't eat that faggot garbage if you paid me, or chobani muzzie yogurt. 
Nothing but a Lying Ghetto Nigger! 
Jews are Whites. Jews are Europeans to their core. Kick out the Muzzie slime. Leave fellow Whites alone. 
The vast majority of white-appearing anti-white bigots are Jewish. Of course, our "moderate" Israel bowing faggots will never, ever acknowledge this. A bigot is a bigot no matter what Bs identity they hide behind and these Jews are no different. How about I spout a bunch of antisemitism and then pretend I'm really just a self-hating Jew? 
I was really mad cuz the Chicongo cop got convicted for shooting a crackhead nigger 16 times and i was super psyched about the niggers rioting tonite but the tantrums about Kavanaugh more than make up for it. As long as i can watch liberals go into tantrums im happy 
Nigger muzzie piece of shit 
The niggers want to use the stupid clueless Mexicans. If I was a wetback I would hate niggers for wanting to politically exploit my people. Stinking niggers are even more inferior than the dumb wetbacks! 
Here Rubin inadvertently acknowledges that White Genocide is a jewish project, and resisting infinity nigger is by definition antisemitic. But I am supposed to care that a synagogue was shot up because someone decided they had had enough? Not only do I not care, I believe only violence will stop jews from genociding Whites. I am not advocating violence merely stating the obvious - words, logic, and reason have proven useless. 
People have bemoaned about how "innocent" those 11 poor Jews were. Bullshit. Those synagogues don't self-fund, for every dollar those 11 tithed (or whatever Jews do) you better believe a nickel went to an anti-White cause. Like I said yesterday: Fuck them' Jews. 
Here's the faggot 
It actually does include hatred you faggot boomer. 
Said the faggot boomer to someone who doesn't care what you think. 
We have a cunt in Victoria, a Communist cadre Andrews, needs to be trained with a baseball batt at the Nov elections 
Any Chance/Opportunity the Niggers can get to Rob, they'll do it. White Man's Law & Order keep them at Bay, & once that's gone, White Folks Better be Ready/Prepped for a Race War, because Rape & Murder is the other Two Thirds of the Nigger Equation. 
We're "something else"? Yeah honey, it's called mentally stable, you should try it sometime. Now go be a nigger somewhere else. 
Snl went full retard probably 20 plus years ago and has been fucking the doorknob harder each season ever since 
Nah-the muzzie just thought old Bill had a screw loose trying to arrest him and was trying to help. 
Only thing worse than a nigger is a nigger lover 
She is that Cunt she played on Jerry Seinfeld. That was no act. 
This is the initial list of globalist targets Trump is actively pursuing! Many have been apprehended already and there is also an addendum with more recent names added. The info branches out from this original Eo and declared list. My point. This entire debacle is rooted in far deeper evil intent than a few thousand retarded villagers being driven like cattle by the powers that be! Do you follow Q? Ooops! Forgot the Eo! 
Cuckservative talking points: - Dems are da real racists. - I’m against illegal but not legal immigration. - Race doesn’t matter. I see people as individuals. 
U sound like a faggot cuck. Let me know when you grow a set and stand up for your race, white man 
. @TruthWillOut then you got ur lame ass bird brained faggot friends who jump in the fray and don't know their ass from their elbow when they're talking about this topic. Give me a break dude, you're a fucking fraud and a fake ass asshole pushing this shit in ignorance or getting paid 4 it! 
The standard narrative is that I ran a bunch of upvote bots because for a year botnet enemy created 'Dread Upvote Bot 1-10' accounts existed. The scum filth traitor Andrew Torba himself accused me of running a network of downvote bots against myself to sabotage his first crowdfunding round. If anything I underestimate the level of retard on Gab. 
He looks like a certified dyke with those eyebrows. 
The faggot has a medical induced open wound. Mentally ill men should be locked up away from society not encouraged. Or offer him a way out of his miserable existence he calls life through medical suicide. Not even a moslem would fuck that and they fuck goats and dead bodies. 
You are the biggest faggot on gab 
Useless, anti-White fuckin cunt 
We all know your the retarded cunt. You still on fucking gab. Do you have a life? Oh wait you don't! Bwahbwahbwahbwah How's Sean still gonna top himself. Fancy calling chilli a drug addict. Hahahaha wtf was that about? Yeah Phil showed me all the ss. 
Here's the faggot 
Rex Scott is the biggest faggot to ever waste oxygen. If the civil war ever kicks off I’m gonna seek that bitch out like I’m the Terminator. My god do I hate him 
Child sex dolls issue is about as relevant as medical necessity to abortion argument. It's a red herring and scaremongering against anything (sex dolls, porn, prostitution, hell even gaming) that might offer men a sexual substitute for wimmin and gobbermint. Fuck any retard propagating this shit. 
Rosie "the carpet munching queer" O'Donell and her faggot abomination kids are going to tell us how to make america great? You fucking obese ugly cow! Go Fuck Yourself! 
"All my friends" Please do explain how the one-branch tree of a deformed & retarded tribe in Kansas is part of anything and has friends. You nuked the chance of having friends when you added to the devastation and pain of the families of fallen service members. I won't forget. 
Give us the jazz hands faggot 
So is this nigger running the show now for the Dems? Or are the kikes using her for dirty work like this cuz they know she's too fucking dumb to understand what's going on? 
Whutta faggot 
My pic is actually a very specific nigger. 
Dude. I use the word nigger like 10-20 times a day. The nigger sow and bucks only survive because of our tolerance. They kill, rob and rape our people while we pay for their food and housing. The subhuman beast deserves no other name than Nigger. 
The retard is strong in them. 
Gab is where I can type freely without being worried about some spiteful cunt complaining about What I; m saying and trying ot get me banned then suddenly the screen going and my Account being locked. Fuckking Hate The Control Grid 
I'll use the faggot as a personal flotation device and fish bait when I get hungry. 
Same thug who had his students harass my family. We received death threats. 
Women shouldn't just be going around having sex with just anyone, nigger or non-nigger. This poll is stupid. 
I'm guessing you're a useless cunt Kate. Actually not a guess really is it? You prove it every day. 
The Kimchi Cunt never stops. 
Kimchi cunts, aka Ajumma in the making, is pretty standard in Korea! I lived there for three years and can tell you stories. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Investigation means you are a muzzie aint they sweet 
Found a retard 
Commie fag wants dead white children fuck you cunt 
You should know who you're sucking up to before you do. Faggot 
"I am a muzzie shitdisturber. Please follow me me and help me destroy your country you bunch of fucking morons" 3000+ morons and counting Check out @_SJPeace_’s Tweet: 
Faggot nigger 
We are getting ready to sell our house if this piece of shit fraudulently wins. There is no way we could recover from the loss of property value this commie nigger that is under investigation would cause. 
Mueller's some top twat in Brussels isn't he? 
There's going full retard, and then there's going 110% retard 
The Retarded Unabomber. This years nomination for the Golden Raspberries. Failure in cinematic achievements. 
If you are a pyjama wearing beardie and complain loud enough about Tommy then you will get your own way. 
I don't see how that is the case considering it was a chance encounter and the soldiers wanted the selfies but of course you're probably a common Purpose cunt aren't you everything Islam touches turns to shit including my country we've had enough of assclowns like you and the goat fucker camel piss drinking wankers you protect 
"If you disagree with jewish supremacist controlled opposition, you are a Muslim" Nice try Hasbara Been hearing this trope for 3 years now, perhaps time to grow up? And accept the part where non Muslims do not have to automatically worship jews 
Oh well I don't like Nazis and I don't like terrorists supporting shit like you I don't like how Israel was formed but I do it respect its right to exist and point of fact Palestine is old Judea and you lot forced out all the Christians from Palestine didn't you I know so because my neighbour is Palestinian and a Christian and as far as I'm concerned you lot can all die 
Retarded moslems have been killing each other for 1400 yrs. Don't blame anyone but your inbred savage asses. And fuck islam 
Fuck islam 
Fucking Pos illegal wetback just doing the jobs we whites refuse to do 
Why U Shit 2 Birdz Asshole Why Fuk U Get FukD Wyh Idiot Why Fuk U Duie Idiot Go Away Fuk You Be GUD2BIRDS Faszt Moron Faster Now Retarddon't be late We KNow fuk Now idiot Faster Now Retard Feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed Usssssssssssssssss RetardDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
I have also noticed some of the blatant racism towards white people and Christians also. This is either done by brainwashed Retarded Racist Sexist Democrat/Leftists and obviously the Racist fake askeNAZI Jews are always extremely despicable! When you have Racist Terrorist Hate groups like Adl and Splc what do you expect? But these are Facts and most people do not understand FACTs! Since I am Liberal White Male I know these things and obviously I cannot be Racist or Sexist because of my white male superiority that all the Racist Jews and Democrats are jealous of! I completely understand the frustrations with their blatant inferiority! Obviously, they can Fuck Off! 
Got kicked off Twitter for calling Pelosi a hag. Hello Gab! 
I got banned for calling Jk Rowling a foreign liberal retard and nobody cares what she thinks about the Us! Lol 
The truth is glaringly obvious. Kuntzman isn't so much a cunt as he is a pussy. 
Western cops have sided with the muzzie invaders over their own peoples. They should expect, and be given, no mercy. They are the enforcement arm of the pozzed multicultural state. 
If only Uk cucked cops protected little white girls like this from moslems 
Faggot 
Keep posting this shit you retarded fuck. I know who you are because the last time you fucked up and posted with your main account. Its this faggot right here spamming tranny porn through tags. Maybe they can look into the activities of your socks. @a Edit: Deleting your shit wont work. I have video screen capture 
I know what you mean. I apparently had wide enough hips to birth 4 children over 8 lbs. And 21+ inches long. I'm talking about nigger asses, like Beyonce. Fat negro asses. That is not how white women are built. 
Communist cunt 
Bring back the frog you Faggot 
Veto Beto. Chief Sitting Bullshit. And a white Nigger 
If the voice of your resistance is a mentally-ill drag queen, then it’s safe to say your resistance is likely equally deranged. 
Where the resistance should be. These freaks had their place once and the world was not poisoned with the disease. Now the mentally ill run for public office. How retarded is that? 
What percentage of the Jewish population of the world are the good Jews? 
Jew haters need to Stfu. 
Die a nigger 
Fat ugly dyke feminists give birth, that's how we got Mgtow losers, maybe it is women's fault. I hope you don't have siblings, certainly this world has enough losers. I hope your fat ugly mama quit with you, loser. 
". Somehow, Republican men assumed the mantle of victimhood. " I mean ya'll did try to destroy him and his family. But that's none of my business is it? Ya'll are threatening these people and then you wonder "gee how did they end up being victims! " Well Karma is a cunt ain't she? 
(Green Movement: White couples having 0. 8 kids on avg is more destructive to the environment than nigger bitches shitting out infinity niglets from their rancid c(__)nts because "muh carbon" Also (Green Movement: Nigs deserve the same standard of living as Whites, because muh equality, so we have to let them invade by the million 
Fuck Africa. I'd invade the cunt of a place again if you all weren't such faggots. 
What I wouldn't give to be surrounded by geniuses who consider themselves retards instead of retards who think they're geniuses 
Retard Central for sure. 
The more this traitorous raghead c*nt "hurts", the happier I am. 
This old guy has a child in grade school? More likely a grandchild. Or great grandchild, as this species are often grandparents by 30! Yeah, this ratchet-ass old nigger is certainly the type who would raise kids to end up in prison so grandpa gets stuck raising the next generation in his image, too! 
When's the last time you hear any of our politicians refer to America as a Constitutional Republic? Even our retarded cucked Republicans call it a democracy. They not only don't follow their oath to the U. S. Constitution, but they intentionally wipe their asses with it everyday. 
Prove it idiot. Pretending to believe an ugly lying libtard skank doesn't make it true 
Retard without a job. I'm married 
Stopping Removal for 'Justice' | The True Npc Way The passengers wanted to allow a Somali Nigger who raped a White (real Briton) teenage girl as part of a gang-rape to remain in Britain by demanding the airline let him off the plane. Why not execute him? My ideology would have in a heartbeat This is democracy. 
Bet you can't name 5 women with political power that did a good job. Also its sex, not gender. Gender doesn't exist. But hey you're the retarded type that believes there's no biological differences between men and women I'm sure. 
Child pornography is images of actual children engaged in or simulating sexual conduct *or exhibiting their genitalia* which is what that faggot had. A loli kid showing her naked genitals 
Made this last night for my broadcasting Senpai's show. I've been saying the faggot rainbow flag should replace the Jude Star. I sure do appreciate these gaywads taking the initiative and effort to mark themselves for easy identification. Tolerance and acceptance are weapons wielded with aimed at luring you into ignoring what you know to be wrong. 
Make Faggots Afraid Again. 
Im not you bru. Im what you hate. A white male patriot married to a white female and has children. Who isnt touched in the butthole by other men. And would do some serious damage to anyone who tried. Sorry your favorite position is muslim prayer. Face down ass up. And fyi only. Faggot. Here is the one standing by the Other faggot 
. Hahahahaha you and your little boy, faggot Arsenal badges! You fucking paki Tit. Remember your pic of your little butterflies too? You Sad Fucking Brown Cunt. Deport Yourself! 
Most of the retard posts like yours are in the 'Humor' section - welcome to Gab. 
Wait, outrage from the same people that thought it was hilarious to show a bloody Trump head from a basic bitch aka Kathy Cunt Griffin? Fuck the hypocrisy. I say just dust all the invaders. 
We need another stone monument of this evil libtarded cunt being hung by the neck until death. Under it an inscription that reads, "If you want to destroy our history this is your fate", . 
Wetback valedictorian is a fat lie 
"Paganism is" "Paganism" doesn't exist. >muh violence Meekly taking it up the ass and never fighting back is virtuous. You are a degenerate nigger toe sucker. 
Sadiq Khan is a paki twat 
British women can defeat Islam by having kids. As long as they refuse to be mothers. The Mussies will simply out birth English 
Another twat that is indoctrinated and too thick to research. Palestine is Israel, renamed Palestine by the Romans in 135 A. D. So, he has shown how thick he is and says he is proud being thick. 
Says you're a thirsty nigger so stop white knighting like a fag. Higher effective range more knockdown power guaranteed wound channel less rounds per threat being disabled. Ar10 standard mags are 20-25 rounds, what are you california compliant? 
No. I said you were a thirsty nigger. Keep it straight. High verbal Iq and language comprehension to boot! 
Our nigger jew president is behind this. Or well he's letting it happen for his master's sake that's for sure. 
So the Nazis are anti-white globalists now? Holy shit, this is retarded 
Said before. When this Arsehole goes to Prison I hope he's locked up with a 6ft 6inch Homo who hasn't had fresh Ass for a year. Now that would be Karma and it would wipe that stupid Faggot smile off his Face. Then again Maybe Not? 
Trump has already failed us. These fuckin faggots are allowed to enter our country unscathed and cunt hiLIARy is still free. Nothing would change if Republicans won house and senate. 
Bigger Nigger? 
What a syphillitic ridden cunt 
Nigger! 
Pretty cunt 
Don't let this retard distract from the migrant caravan if you can. The media will be more than happy to talk about a synagogue mass shooter over a mass caravan of invaders. 
If you really cared you'd use the money to buy that faggot junkie some clean needles so he doesnt catch the aids 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
Suck my dick you fucking pasta sand nigger bitch 
If you're going to hit a nigger with your car. Make sure you reverse and kill the 4 niggers chasing you as well. 
What a faggot pos 
Fine by me, I have no crossant nigger in my genes. Gas the french too lmao 
Lol @ hillbilly rednecks hero fantasies! 
While I agree with teaching them a lesson, I doubt the nigger has enough brain matter to pick that lesson up. 
Wow you sure told me. And that’s Mr Cunt little man respect your elders douchebag 
We have surpassed the gilded age you retarded Americans The enemy bis finance an the 1% always has been always will be 
Driver wasn't a muzzie by chance was he? 
Is that a troll account or for real? It's too retarded to be real. Then again, I genuinely can no longer tell the difference between satire and things that libtards are actually saying and believing. 
That b* is a little Dyke 
Vatican has been a cradle of filth since it's inception There is hardly institution as corrupted, as degenerated and perverted than Papacy is Currently Catholic church is undergoing exposure of biggest of it's contemporary child rape / paedophilia scandals, and our resident Catholic retard comes to throw shade at Great Greeks Inferiority complex wins! 
This whole retarded "if you hate Trump you love Hillary" think is so fucking lame. They're the same type of thing, Trump and Hillary. You naive retards always end up electing scumbags because you fall for the Begelian Dialectic. 
Bro, you can nigger on here and no one even flinches. I can tell you how I would love to see people start shooting antifa thugs in the face and its all good. Gab is truly free speech. 
When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
He Is A Hippy Faggot 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Not a surprise! They are all emotionally retarded and suffer from arrested development! Can you imagine when he brings the Jordan wife into Germany and produces an entire tribe of himself! 
This is the List of Moral Alignment: Chaotic Good: Crusaders for Yahweh Lawful Good: Fights for White Justice Neutral Good: Would Save a White Man in Dire Need Neutral: Could Care Less either Way Neutral Evil: Would Watch White Folk Die & Not Help Lawful Evil: Cold Blooded Nigger Killer Chaotic Evil: Globalist Nwo Jew 
That boy is probably safer in the Ukraine than he is in faggot Swedenistan. 
Bomb that far evil commie cunt that killed that one of the richest Christian country ones was i do hope trump bomb that fat cunt and run him out so people can be free again from evil monster commie 
Barbaric backward scum - easy way to murder someone in that shithole is to say they "insulted the prophet" No matter that all those retarded rapists and terrorists insult their religion on a Daily basis! Hypocritcal backward savages. Uk should tell Any harm and you can all your countrymen back and no more Aid. Will never happen, Christian = expendable! 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
Yes, I get it! Your mother and sister and daughter are the same. I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad. Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
The holocaust of 17 millions Germans in WW2, the 66 million white Christians in Russia, the 3 million white Christian Armenians, and the 100 million Chinese all perpetuated by the vile despicable Racist Lying Murderous Theiving askeNAZI Jew Pigs! These are true events or are you a Holocaust denier? 
Yes, the earth is flat, Gmo's and Vaccines are poison, Modern medicine is a scam. All common knowledge is what they want you to think and a complete Lie! But that would actually require critical thought and looking at Facts. You couldn't give me a single Fact on anything can you? 
Bless it! 
Yes, I have critical thinking skills and you blindly believe all the Lies! You belong in the retarded masses! Easily manipulated monkey brains! 
You have critical thinking deficiencies! 
Lol! Like I said before, you are telling me who you are! But you will not give me a Fact on anything will you? How about a simple Fact? Fact require critical thinking obviously. 
You are dumber than dirt, fact! 
Christian Identity: What Difference Does it Make? By William Finck It is no mistake that 2000 years ago, Christianity spread and was accepted by tribes of White Europeans as they encountered it. It is no mistake that for the last 1500 years Europe has been predominantly Christian. Christianity had spread not only to both Greece and Rome, but also to Britain other points in Europe as early as the middle of the first century. Tribes in Gaul were converting to Christianity in the second century. By the third century, if not sooner, Germanic tribes of the Goths and Alans had accepted Christianity. All of this was long before the official acceptance of Christianity began with Constantine the Great, the Edict of Toleration and the Council of Nicaea. To mock Christianity today is to mock a hundred generations of our ancestors. People who mock Christianity think they know something better about our past than their own ancestors, the people who actually lived in those times many centuries ago. The truth is that the people who mock Christianity know little-to-nothing about the world of the past and the circumstances under which their ancestors ultimately accepted Christianity. There are many incongruities in the perception of the people who mock Christianity today. On one hand they claim that it is a cuck religion, and on the other they complain that their ancestors were forced into Christianity by Christians. So they admit that their own ancestors were weaker than the cucks they despise. On one hand they claim that Christianity is an effeminate religion, and a Jewish religion, but then they complain that their ancestors were forced into it by Christians. So they admit that their ancestors were weaker than effeminates and Jews. All the while, they proclaim the might is right mantra of their own neo-paganism, while professing that their weak ancestors, forced to subject to Christianity, were somehow treated unfairly! Those who mock Christianity are simply too stupid to realize all of these cognitive disconnects, and there are many more that we won’t get into here. We already presented them here a few years ago, in two podcasts titled White Nationalist Cognitive Dissonance. The truth is that our ancestors accepted Christianity because they had tangible historical connections to the people of the Old Testament. The Jews are not those people. The Jews are mixed-race bastards descended from the few who were left behind. Look at modern America. In the 1960’s and 1970’s, nonWhite alien immigrants began pouring into American cities. In the North it was worse, as tens of thousands of Negros from the South had already moved into those same cities in the 1950’s and 1960’s. So we had White Flight, as millions of Whites abandoned the cities and moved out into the suburbs. But of the Whites who were left behind, many of them are now mixed-race bastards, because their parents stayed in the cities and accepted and mingled with the aliens. This same process happened in the Middle and Near East, and in Northern Africa, from as early as 2000 Bc, and today we see the results. First it was Sumer, then Ethiopia and Egypt, 
"To mock Christianity today is to mock a hundred generations of our ancestors" Go back to sucking nigger toes, christ cuck. 
From the look of it, it's just some retard that made a spread sheet and based population potential on a set population density. Ignoring all of the crap that goes into supporting such a population in the first place, I am surprised the person could even boot up their computer without it catching fire or exploding. 
Fuck you stupid ass English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Trump. Fuckin' Faggot English. 
Aye, I try to avoid the British Israelite types. It's absolutely retarded 
Is there anywhere that's like /r/mma but not gay, and full of faggot queers who are sensitive. 
Kamala Harris is a fucking hoe and a criminal. 
It's the nigger Dna 
If you like stability and civilization you should support monogamy. Is it not obvious that one of the reasons we had social stability is due to monogamy? Polygamy destabilizes the nation. Look at the Arab countries and terrorism. With chimps, the betas gang up on/kill the alpha. The Nap goes out the window if people aren't invested in the society. 
I'm trying to provide you information as to why traditional western societies are set up the way they are and why they've been successful. You seem to be too much of a nigger to understand. 
You provide no argument nor evidence, only a referral to an extensive text covering Many subjects - make your argument 
Argument: If males aren't invested in the society due to imbalanced ratios, we will see political and social destabilization. Evidence: I point to the traditional monogamous west and compare it to middle eastern countries and the modern degenerate west. I also point out the rules apply to the animal that shares our most recent ancestor, the Chimpanzee. 
Pretty big jump from "orderly society" to being onboard with white genocide and normalizing pedophilia, isn't it? Obvious as fuck you're only here to paint a false narrative and try to influence westerners. But you're wasting your time. We're not retarded like you goat fucking Muzzo-Jews. 
Stupid people get tats? That entire diatribe against tats & people who make them or have them was baseless as well as down right ignorant. By who's premise? Yours? Tell you what I'll make it short & sweet. "Blow It Out Your Ass you limey cuck. " Bec. To explain thoroughly to you is a waste of time. 
Hysterically funny Tweets by LibTURDS angry they didn’t get their way. One over-the-top was the Muzzie who wants you to send to her PayPal acct for her therapy 
That literal pozzed faggot deserves to be slaughtered by a pack of savage niggers. 
Can I say " Fuck that faggot with a hay rake sideways twice. " 
You know only communists, and communist pets (centrists) don't want an ethnostate. Everybody else does want an ethnostate. Shows the Iq levels you are operating at Profoundly retarded per chance? 
If you have a Twitter account > < Report This Dyke Feminazi Bitch To! She promotes hatred! I'm pretty sure that's a violation of the Twitter Rules. Specifically against hateful conduct! Report Her! She's a nasty, ugly, vile, 'rhymes with hunt! ' Disgusting creature! Disgusting! > < Report Her! Please! 
Thx Jews! When you see these Retarded leftist white women yell at Candace Owens who is black accusing her of being a White supremacist, you surely know they are brainwashed monkey brains! Fuck the Jews! 
I have a major problem with Wn feminists - they know better, yet they still run around talking like retarded jewesses 
Ni doubt the druggie smoked pot with Micron while he gave it to the French faggot up the choccie chute 
Come on how, he is definitely useful as a man to suck the nigger semen out of his wife's front hole. 
Those aren't Americans, afreecan Americans or black Americans. Those are obviously nigger beasts & mulattos. Check the bible, your eyes & think. Negroids 
Idiot! Go ahead, break a Commandment because you're an uneducated cunt and a hypocrite! 
Fuckin Jews & a Nigger! Commie Fucks! 
Jack Dorsey is a faggot arse wipe & I could say same of @a & not get banned Andrew Torba is cool though 
To be fair to Ben, he's just trying to say that ideology is more important than race. It's true, an alt right Mexican or Jew is a better ally than a retarded communist leftist white person. 
Almost. He's "trying to say" that ideology "should" be more important than race/ ethny/ tribe. For Non-Jews. While taking Exactly The Opposite position when it comes to his own people. Not sure how you managed to miss that. 
Pretty sure he doesn't like leftist Jews. 
Hey silly cunt, ask Nuddering on twitter where he got the idea that Owen Jones was that editor on Wikipaedia. Go on ask him! I fucking dare you. Come back to me when you realise it was me! Me! Yep, it was me. 
Only one Clinton and no Jap cunt 
I advocate free and mandatory abortions for all nigger sows. Let’s clean this mess up in one generation. 
Lets all cry about how the Jews aren't playing fair and instead of focusing on nation building then call everyone a faggot when they interject with something logical. That's productive. Muh dick muh dick muh dick. 
Shut the fuck up, you subversive, Anti White, nigger lover 
Ranc i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
Why is that faggot Cruz in there? Is he the gay drummer? 
Ya have to believe the girl, , , according to every liberal cunt that ever marched 
Can't wait for you're failure. Faggot ) 
Even the old, ugly, and retarded Oreo sisters want to. 
Yep. And Gab finally got rid of all the fairy gay faggot tranny porn too! ) 
You Democrats are gutless cunts Says cher 
I mean. If your cunt has guts in it you should probably see a doctor. At her age though with the wear and tear, what hasn’t caved in? 
Suck on sand nigger baby 
The faggot looks old as shit, he just used make up like all faggots do. 
U deserve it Nigger! Along with a Shit Kicking! 
If your a nigger or pedo worshipper in Aus you get the culturally sensitive version of the pathetic Law, eg oh it, s a mental issue, or they come from a war torn place, or oppressed background, who fkn cares they are supposedly told all the does and don'ts when they get there, but softcock Judges keep letting the off, the World will start calling it Sweden no2 soon 
Since this was reported 2ndhand to the cops, they did it right: executed the warrants on this nig & got her off the street. However, had a cop seen this, he should've be able to shoot on sight. When you don't need a trial to convict a nigger of nigging against a White man, there should not be one. Strike Hard should be the credo of the Dallas Pd in that case- 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Kike bitch ought to be fired; obviously too dumb to teach; her face the image on a dart board with the kike star of david over her face, a boot up her barren cunt then used as bait behind a garbage barge dragging her & other kike traitors to America back to the unholy shitbowl called Israel; get the fuck out you dumb whore. 
Jews are very effective at causing people to hate them. 
And all (they) gotta do is act naturally; (they're) defective. 
Watching her sit there and Giggle like look at me i'm so cute I wanted to reach through the screen and slap her back to Cali. What a worthless Cunt! 
Lol the nigger thinks it'll be a doctor 
Soros is a Nazi. He has even publicly stated he was proud of the work he did with the Nazi's 
And the point is? Jews have brown pets they hate whites 
Soros Is "white" as you like to call it. 
Oh no. They are African. They have the same skin tone Indians are what happens when you run out of cream. Kind of like the black Irish forced to fuck niggers. 
No race to identify with? Depression sets in. Mixed-Race Teens Prone to Depression 
My last post tonight. I have a question for everybody to ponder. What if you were born Black, or woke up tomorrow morning as a black person and had a black family? (Or whatever race besides white) 
If you gained some, would you still not want to be black? I don't think it's something you notice anyway, especially if you're going through a Twilight Zone experience 
Even Liberal, progressive whites don't want to be around shitskins whites will always move away from shitskins. You know this. I think there is a shitskin meltdown going on because mongrels and shitskins Don'T want to be stuck with mongrels bad shitskins it would be terrifying 
Muting because you use words as crutches which means you're not smart enough to persuade without ad hominem nonsense. Fffffffffffaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggg 
Words have been used against whites to. Shut us down. We will take it back it is actually empowering. Like a nigger going full 'fro and not culturally appropriating another races hair you mute because you are not smart enough to persuade 
Nobody ever shoots up Roman Catholic Churches. Hmmmm, maybe it’s becuase Catholics don’t go around trying to destroy nations and subvert governments. You know who does though? Jews. You know who’s been kicked out of a hundred countries over the last 500 years? The Jews. How about instead of crying anti-semitism you accept that they’re evil and always have gotten what they’ve had coming to them. Millions of people around the world don’t hate Jews just cuz. 
I’m talking about in America, not Africa and the Middle East you vapid faggot 
Been owned like a good paid for nigger for a long time 
How the filthy Racist Jews invert the obvious to there needs! The Racist Retarded Democrats eat all this shit up because they too fucking stupid to decipher fact from fiction! I am sick of these bastards distorting realities. Jews are human sewage and Lying Pigs! 
A rabbi will bless his own shit if he thinks he can make some money of it! 
Ralph, you're acting like a nigger mate. 
Every fucking day we see stories of unbelievable acts of violence committed against white people by niggers. And never a fucking peep from the Jewish media. I'm absolutely sick of nigger violence and nigger privilege. 
Proof that being a dyke rots the mind. 
That'S Retarded And Gross Even 4 U Tranny B 
This is the natural end result of the ideology of your antiracist allies. When forced to choose between the survival of the White race & their retarded antiracist sentiments about what White men who owned niggers as slaves meant by "equal" while thinking they're saving western civilization, they'll choose to virtue signal & save neither 
A nigger lover, so no crime was committed. 
Wow. Such cool. Really wow. Such Faggot 
After all, he was replaced by that faggot looking one in the new crappy versions. 
I get the feeling the whole "based nigger" meme is just another co-opt just like with that Faggot Milo (yiannopoulos) how "based" are these niggers on Fox Jews? Unless they name the Jew and the Nigger problem in America they're not really based. 
I want to see that nigger break it's leg again, then knock the potato nigger out while standing on one foot. 
Get that sand nigger cocker outa here 
She actually is and you are too. Go suck a sand nigger cock 
Most of my memes are designed to trigger the Left, being that (at my core. I am a troll. I thrive on Leftists tears. The "mocked a disabled reporter" lie, is one they love to repeat. I like to answer with my Rosie the retard meme. 
If you think social Democrats are even encroaching upon Socialism or communism not only are you mentally retarded but probably lack any sort of formal or informal education. Maybe read like a pamphlet on social democracies versus post capitalist socialist governments, you might learn a few things. 
Every Christian church that helps niggers overseas should be burnt to the groundand yes, I'm Christian. 
I went to the church I was baptized in recently and they had a nigger pastor from Nigeria in there. I haven't been to that church in over 10 years and it made me feel sick to see all of the niggers and wetbacks in that church. The Catholics and Christian's have been completely subverted by Jews and communists. When I was a kid it was exclusively white in that church. 
The Gay Muslim Transgender Drag Queer, Coming Next is the Dyke Feminist Postmodernist Social Justice Flat-Earth Gender Studies Creationist Science denier 
Rt: Senator Susan Collins is the mother & grandmother of white women in America who gave us a Donald Trump presidency. The 53%. She is a disgrace & her legacy will be that she was a traitor to women and marginalized communities. History will not treat her kindly. 
Completely and utterly wrong, faggot 
That isn't where government get authority from cocksucker. It get its authority from the constitution. People like you are why this country is so fucked up 
Laws written by congress with no power over stripping someone of citizenship. You're the dumb fuck faggot read Article 1 section 8. You should be killed for your attacks on the constitution 
I never said they haven't done it just that they have no authority to do. Are you a nigger or jew maybe a little of both? 
You can always tell someone is losing an argument when they start sounding like a libertarian 
You never read article 1 section 8 having an argument with you is like having an argument with the left. 
I have it memorized, lolbertarian. Tell me where it says that citizenship can't be stripped of traitors and paper-Americans. 
That is where it states what powers congress has. Seditionists and traitors are suppose to be executed not citizenship ripped away. That is a pussy move. 
"To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. " Seems like Congress has already done that, I linked you those laws when I first began owning you. Anything else, faggot? 
You got to be kidding me can't you fucking read? What a retard yep you really shown me you illiterate son of a bitch. "necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers" 
I'm going to guess that you're eventually going to be jailed forever after trying to convince a judge that you don't need to pay income tax or shot by a cop after ranting that driver's licenses are unconstitutional Man, enjoy being raped in prison 
2/2 If we can't defend Europe, our natural homeland from invaders and jew manipulators, we have no culture. America is a former European colony or a Jew cesspit, you can choose what to glauben 
Well it husband is a cuck faggot 
Do you speak english bro you sound like a nigger 
I am a nigger, what u gunna do about it gay ass 
Liberal Cunt! 
Turbo is a faggot 
Writes the faggot who didn't have the balls to serve. 
That nigger needs to tell his wife I said stop mudsharking. 
That cunt will be taken care of. A lot of people dont keep in mind that Trump has a lot of swamp cleaning to do before its even remotely possible to go after these vile creatures. We must maintain gratitude, patience and faith this Will Happen. 
Kate Morgan hides her stupid stinky twat on twitter 
That Flaming Cunt couldn't Win a Lottery if she bought Every Single Ticket. 
Dear God. Get rid of these fucking vile nasty ass niggers that contaminate our beautiful country! America would be so much greater without the nigger animals! 
Lol! It's just a matter of time before they will be kicking all the royals to the street gutter and moving in to their once posh properties and stinking it up with goat shit and muzzie jizz! 
And all for votes. What happens when that idea backfires on them, because it will, muzzies don't take to being owned. Full out war in the Uk? 
A nigger who can't spell racist! Call Guinness! 
I want to use the force on Tony Danza and make him pay for unleashing this twat on humanity 
Fuck that fat tub of muzzy nigger lovin shit 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
And you better mute me again, cause I told your bitch jewsus dick sucking cunt kike loving ass, not to come at me unless you did it as a man, well your not so how could I expect as much from a pig jew, 
Is flat out denying China, , with China's full page newspaper ad. They are singling out the Russian woman now arrested, , as little helper. This news crew are simply mentally retarded to the 3iQ Max. Then They air the clip of Trump, . Yea. , we need help in Ohio, , lets call Russia, to help. You can't joke with these mental cases to any degree, , or they'll run with it. 
Like oh my god. This is what the perfect male is now. Black Faggot Hispanic Illegal Muslim Feminist Jew Lgbtq Something not white hetero. 
6/ Here's a suggestion to everyone: take off all the mutes you have and you'll get to see what Gab actually has become. That's the laughable part, you see Gab through these constructed glasses and meanwhile all around you is rampant stupidity. And then ppl are like "gee why isn't Trump here? " That's the most fucking retarded question I've ever heard. 
Lol Npc much? I will, open your mouth big boy, mc faggot 
You probably got Downvoted by some Nigger Rapist here on Gab. 
A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things. The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy. These are the people teaching your kids. 
It don't matter if you said"Chink"accidently. You still said it. Now you know what it feels like to be punished for "saying a Word". Now you must Apologize to the World for being"Racist"Its in your Dna. A punishment less than Death(almost because you wont be able to feed yourself for lack of income)I'm sure you've wanted this for White People. How does it feel? 
I don't know about the "fried" teacher, but it feels Great here on Gab to be able to say chink, spic, wop, kike, nigger, faggot & bitch! 
Muted soppy cunt 
Faggot 
Get off your useless cunt go to work, pay for your insurance and your useless degree 
She don’t want a job. She a worthless bitch from 18 to 35 the woman here want you to pay for everything including their monthly rags. 
Mentally ill shitlib faggot roundhouse-kicks pro-life woman in Torontothe tolerant left. 
No, it's a retarded Nazi problem. Fuck off my timeline you shitskin. 
Acosta is a moron and a faggot as well as a liar 
No were being persecuted by faggot hair dresser; s 
Nobody should care who a nigger quotes. 
I come out as a perfectly normal Straight White Male! Why do you think any of us even care? The morally degernate Lgbt and all the other ilk are a bunch of human sewage! Then you are coming out to tell us you are a Racist Sexist intolerant bigot Democrat also? Democrats are the human sewage Party! Go back to the closet you piece of morally degenerate shallow minded brainwashed retarded monkey brain! I don't care and I don't want to know about it! All Democrats are offensive pieces of shit! 
You obviously cannot comprehend shit. It is sad that so many people are this brainwashed retarded and have no consciousness whatsoever. I always think something will take but end up disappointed as usual. Go back in the closet where you belong! 
Feminism really is a mental disorder. 
Nobody cares what you have to say. And that shit is so retarded you had trouble even posting it. Now stfu and bake some cookies, bitch 
These Woman should really get back into the kitchen and be f*king productive for once in their lives. 
Female behavior during the entire Kavanaugh fiasco was abhorrent, insane, psychotic. I can never take women on the Left seriously ever again. They're retards, fat purple haired retards. 
Now your catching on. 
Don’t forget to iron my shirt too. 
What does it mean "take our contraceptives" do they get them free. 
Fuck off retard cuck 
Haha a cuck? I can probably get your horrendously fat wife to slob all over my cuck you fucking bitch 
Of Course You Don'T! Because you're either a gay fag who sucks dick on tuesdays, or you're a fat slob who does nothing except sit in a dark room and type on your greasy ass keyboard all day looking at the bright screen, constantly propping up your glasses even though they don't help you see the bigger picture in life, which has to do with you killing yourself 
The faggot accepts the jews' frame as he smears great patriot McCarthy by comparing his efforts to save America from (communists) to what today's victorious commies are doing. 
Coal burning retard deserved it. 
It will work just as well as they intended, to virtual signal some crap and nothing more. Only someone that is either really delusion, really retarded or really out there would think it would really get migrants to stop shooting each other. 
We all need to give this boomer faggot shabbos goy all the down votes we can. 
Muslim Nigger Women Beating Fucking Diseased Hood Rat Vermin 
What's he naming this "Trademark" "Stupid fuckin worthless anti-american nigger face"? 
Amazing the things I'm learning Why I Love Gab Now I'm wondering why I've been thinking Maulkin was American Born I know I'd never heard of her till early 2017 when I saw her on a Yt vid blasting the left I saw Megyn Kelly go after Trump during debate I knew then she was a Lib Cunt 
Warning! Warning! Warning! We have a fairy gay faggot libtard here that downvoted this truth. 
Fuck that retarded skanky whore 
Male - Female - Retard 
I don't give a flip about Judaism, the part sand nigger thats in the modern jews was Whole sandnigger before they got kicked out by the Romans to wander up in to eastern Europe ok 
I'd make this faggot eat his thick framed glasses. 
Marxist communist faggot pedophiles tearing at the christian moral fabric 
You can call her cunt here and noone will care maybe even get a few likes; p. 
Some cunt that works at google security section is hacking my phone so please see who is logged on as admin sec there now and fuckin give him a lumber punch 
Meanwhile some Great News - all the whiny moaning feminist are leaving England. Ps Don't bother returning. 
I'm not going to judge them harshly without knowing their grievances. One can very well have four months of holidays and still have a living hell for the other eight. Being ordered to teach lies must certainly be terrible, as is dealing with Nigger hooligans without having a weapon. 
A sealed pussy dumbass, she allow camels to sealed her pussy in exchange for a louder mouth 
Why is this cunt still here? 
Jesus kicked out these money changers out of the temple and they are today the modern day Jew bankers who are not really Jews nor are they semitic, but their father is the devil as they are Liars, Murderers and Thieves just like they were in the bible. Rev 2: 8-11 even tells about these fake Jews and the synagogue of satan that is right in front of everyones face with the symbol on the IsraHELL flag being satanic. Isn't it amazing how many people call themselves Christian yet do not listen to Jesus? Hosea 4: 6 My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge; because you have rejected knowledge, I reject you from being a priest to me. Naming the filthy Racist satanic Jew Pig is exactly what God has commanded every good man or woman to do! A good Christain will and a ignorant retard will still probably believe the holohoax garbage. Jews are Liars just as Jesus said! 
Write~On! 
Are you in the group Gabstappo? 
Yes 
I just went pro what are some of the features I can do now? 
If there are others I do not know. It is the longer posts that I do. 
Words of wisdom. 
Couldn't of happened to a better person. Some retard will start a GoFundMe account. 
If anyone is wondering how to test a person if they're an Npc all you have to do is casually say the word nigger to them, in a normal voice and not quoting anyone or trying to be funny, and see their reaction. And if they say nigger without a pause that is a guaranteed playable character you're talking to. 
Demand more Iron Maiden pictures from the retarded cunt 
Nope, that's you. And you just proved you're a commie Jew (as if further proof was needed) with your retarded post. 
That’s nigger surf and turf. 
They are fucking retarded failures is what they are. The only good commies are cold blue ones like that Fuck Boy Puto Che' got. 
The name of that new soc of his, faggot ass, is appropriate for him. I looked through his profile last night, I seen like 40 individual examples of him referring to faggotry of different sorts outside of his spam responses. He's in over his head for what he's attempting lul 
Yeah, are you trying to get me on some retarded one drop bs? 
You see, shit like this right here is why you have people calling the cops whenever they see niggers looking like they may be about to do nigger things 
Niggers not allowed signs 
Freedom of association except in the case of gas stations and emergency care. You shouldnt have to serve jews or blacks. 
Why do we let niggers get away with this? Would be a good idea to round up every nig in the area and make them 'fess up as to who this coon was. Then get medieval on said coon. 
Nigger loving Sjw virtue signaler. Nothing brainy about her. 
Some folks see the entire world through their 'muh joooooozz' glasses. Ebil jooz responsbul fer all ebil everywherz! That is how you get retarded conspiracy theories like this for every occasion. 
Now you're just sending me the same memes every other socialist twat on here does. Is there a National Socialist online store where you buy them from? 
Now you're just sending me the same memes every other socialist twat on here does. Is there a National Socialist online store where you buy them from? You Are Fucking Funny. Send some back 
She is Absolutely Worthless Hopeless Brainless & Spineless Kick the stupid bint out 
Monkey ape sand nigger shit Period 
Well done for trying to stop the cunt entering the nation he irrevocably rejected the day he went to fight for the caliphate. 
This stupid cunt 
That nigger can't be serious 
Who would win between A giant internet media conglomerate with billions of dollars in funding or one retarded Applebees waiter? 
Good a black burglar die in London hope more die and go to he'll for want evil cunt but people throw that work to make a living and buy nice thing not for black or white cunt that Rob for drugs got filling for them 
Hey Faggot Strangle Spangle from Redneck Cuntry. Never had it, never will. You're a dickhead lover. =lover of all Head And Dicks. 
Only a niggerdick could reach that cunt 
I bet a midget football team could hide under her overhang during a rainstorm and not get wet. 
Nigger probably uses her as a waterbed 
Hardcore racists are worse than feminists in the scale of Bitterness, Circle-Jacking And Hysteria. They will repeat talking points and repost chunk all day without contributing a single original thought. Real Npc. I just mute. 
Typical nigger 
What was this faggot doing to provoke such a harsh response? Vandalizing a building. Harassing the Proud Boys at their meeting. Stalking them after the event was over 
Hopefully they get more violent then just roughing up some cunt. 
The ) cries out in pain as he strikes you 
Just another Arsehole playing the Reallity Tv Game world wide, these arseholes cannot compete with the Queer Moslem Niggas because they are White. The winner of The Biggest Victim is allowed to be the Biggest Bully by Retard politicians & the Msm until we kill the Wankers in the Revolution! 
Israel is the most faggot infested, pozzed, Grids ridden location on earth. No surprise given the jew pushes every unnatural act known to man on any nation they've infiltrated with subversive media outlets. 
Feinstein is this dumb c*nt serious? Yeah b*tch, you're blue card has been revoked, like Obama's race card, and Hillary's sexist card. All your cards are getting declined heretofore. 
She's got a lot more to be worried about, rancid cunt is heading for Gitmo 
>Spams people all fucking day with basically what amounts to calls for violence and mass murder (against Tos. >Cries like a little Cunt when someone does it to him. >Thinks Gab gives a shit about this (they don't. >Thinks anyone gives a shit about their crying (no one cares. Keep crying little bitches. 
Silly Gay Coon Nigger 
Government Tar Nigger 
Soros is a Jew. He has Jewish heritage. He openly talks about his Jewishness and says it is the primary motivation for his philanthropic work. He isn't a Nazi. That's retarded, and you're retarded for thinking it. 
I see a muzzie 
I despise feminists for making me mistrust and distance women. Keep this feminist crap up and the only way conception will occur is immaculately or by test tube. When did twat become twit. 
I think Jen is retarded or something. 
But the media stations are reporting it in their usual blame game way, while at they same time reporting it at hyper speed! I thought one cunt was going to actually have a melt down! Lol! 
She's a lying cunt 
Yes, retarded & corrupt Liberals thrive on the mental illness problem existing. 
Lol, this nigger likes trannies 
Black men hate to be disrespected but the left just keeps doubling down on disrespect. It’s fun to watch them go full retard 
Not that famous nigger Tylenol Washington the 3rd? 
Ok. Keep White Knighting for a sand nigger who fucks tons of White women. You're entitled to your opinion. 
Well faggot soy boy how about you tell them you are a worthless punk with no skills and you don't deserve to wipe their asses never mind teach them. Stop Funding To All Public Schools! 
Who cares what this nigger thinks. Fuck you youre all pathetic faggots 
Damn, this week, Lindsay Graham almost made me start to respect his faggot ass 
Just another fucking nigger acting badly. This isn't news. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Not everyone who uses weed is a drooling retard 
So this fake Christian Boomer Nellis gets on Gab and attempts to frighten everyone with his, "I know Fbi agents and I'll tell on you'' crap. Hey Nellis, here's a simple shit test for you: The Gospel of Christ is the only path to eternal salvation. Yes or No? Any answer other than only Yes, means you're a heretic and excommunicant, so go the fuck away boomer cuck Neo Con trash. 
Hey, there's no god, you're just a retard. You're so retarded that your mom and dad are probably brother and sister. 
In other words. The Cunt is lying. 
Nigger deserved to be fired. 
Imagine when you put your business data on their cloud products. Does retard mean anything to ya? 
Let me guess. This nigger is a jew sock puppet. 
Bahs, wrong post of yours. You still get the idea. Im still trying to figure out what faggot prefers flat chested females over those with giant boobies. Seriously. "hmm. Post shit with giant delicious titties? Nope. " 
I'm in nigger country, so yes. 
You're a faggot so of course you wouldn't want Megyn as an Attorney. 
All the white u need is there! Thats the only nigger free place in the world! 
A Real Nigger Piece Of Shit. 
Look a pikey cunt 
It is retarded when these trolls say "I love bacon" or "I love fried chicken". I loved meat too when I used to eat it, and I Do know what I'm missing, and I DoN'T miss it! Yuck! 
This cunt disagreed with Trump pulling out of the Un migrant pact. In other words she wanted the Un to force America to accept filthy muslims. Look it up. 
One, hateful, racist, jew cunt 
Retarded bitch 
I like it. Its a good plan. Start with wolf blister and that other faggot 
Recent Mail-Bomb Threats. Whoever is sending these bombs has got to be fucking crazy! 1. They are retarded if they think they will ever reach the targets! 2. Innocents are Far more likely to be hurt! 3. Politically, it's obvious, the assholes want to blame Trump Supporters for it! Crazy Bastards! 
It Is A Bit Odd The Journo Was A Bit Of A Twat As Muslims Go, At Least That's What I Understand. 
Niggers want to get away with murder. Justice would just be another act of Racism. Nothing worse than a smirking nigger getting away with murder! 
This cunt cucked her own children. We need to keep this cunt far away from Scotus! 
Nigger on the run 
Mayor orders chief to stand down. Men with families and jobs or sniveliing commie cunt cowards follow suit. Dark times 
Redneck old guy with Sharia ideals. That's new. 
Back to paperwork! Jews get to take unlimited money from our treasury and then pump unlimited money back into buying our government, but I have to track every fucking penny that working class guys are able to give to Citizens to Elect Little and every fucking penny I spend trying to stop jews from controlling my country. 
Rube Goldberg machine and quiet on purpose. Jump Goy Jump! I'm rooting for ya bud good luck out there 
Old news dopey cunt 
So many folks within the struggle adopting the kike newspeak term "gay". It is either faggot (elegant metaphor) or homosexual (in polite circles. "Gay" is kike newspeak designed to confuse the masses on the subject. Rescue terms from the memory hole! 
The only way to fix Chicago is to eliminate the nigger & spic infestations along with the kikes. 
Over my White boy phase aka she can’t get any White guys to sleep with her anymore. 
Probably because most White men are beginning to have a racial awakening and her nigger nose pops right out. "If my jimmy hat breaks I'll have a 56%er with a nig nose I have to pay child support for. " 
The princess negro 
Were fine, Id ask whats wrong with you but I already know, Jewish communist subversion. Racemixing is supposed to provoke revilement, when whites mix they cease to exist. Not only that, you want some fucking Nigger to rule over the British people? That would provoke a war in any other time period. 
Feminism is the biggest crock of shit to ever surface in terms of retarded ideology. Its like if a vegan were to compromise on the sourcing of their food, well its vegetables but people and animals had to suffer to make it. So we hear griping and moaning about the patriarchy, via channels and tech the patriarchy predominantly built, do you see the problem here? 
I read the synopsis. It's like "we've elected shitty lib fags and we are going to hit an iceberg of super Sjw fag and sink" or something. But it doesn't make any sense or even address the core of the problem. We didn't elect Sjw fags, we elected people controlled by Jews because the media (Jews) tells us who to vote for. It's like retard tier stuff. 
I wonder if they feel any sense of superiority to the black nigger ravens? 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
A Fast Moving Target like a Skateboarder, would Deter a Nigger by Speeding Up the Encounter with said Nigger Demon (Less Time for Monkey Boy to make a Decision about Jacking the White Boy, & Acting Upon it. 
Shut up terrorist nigger 
Ovomit the half nigger total faggot muzzie attracted a few faggots, muzzies and lezzies to his "rally" 
How To Advance in Leagues in Cunt Wars Read and learn: 
Keep digging that retarded faggot hole deeper and deeper. Dig deep enough you might find your parent's moral standards. 
Can we just ponder how fucking stupid this is? Is this cunt seriously saying that a colony, comprised entirely of the source ethnicity, simply by virtue of being on a different land mass, makes those people a different race? This is like saying that the Massachusetts Bay Colony was "really Indian" since it was not in England. 
I started listening to this rambling neo-cuck's speech, but fell asleep. Apparently, it would take almost 45 minutes for this retard to spit out she would do the right thing and vote yes. Maine, Wtf is wrong with you ppl? Elect a real Wn to replace this lady. 
Ideology is ideology, retarded liberals have always worshipped satan, nothing has changed, another retard liberal meme falls flat. 
I have never met anyone to say otherwise that isnt a faggot 
Death is too good for this raving cunt. 
Whutta faggot 
A "man" = Nigger Moslem until proven otherwise 
He's a muzzie convert. The worst kind 
Brittany Venti is a pathetic jobless feminist incel thot neet cat lady cunt with a victim complex who needs to clean her house 
News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing. You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults. You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort. 
So now you want to rape holocaust survivors? Damn, these people are sick! 
The stupid is strong in this one. 
Lol, these people are really out there claiming things that happened didn't happen! I'm sorry, but you could run over every one of them in one day and the world wouldn't an Iq point. 
Try reformatting that sentence, as grammatically it makes no sense at all. This is what happens when you smoke pot and skip school, you end up as trash. Well done, you’re a credit to your tribe. 
Yeah, as I’m not afraid to admit, I’m scared of heights so I’ll never be able to lower myself down to your level. 
Hitler is His role model. Lol 
Fyi: Hitler is every thinking person's role model 
Omg, just lol. Well, we’ll treat you just as good as Hitler treated his chosen enemies then. I’ll do it with a smile, just to make you feel better. You’re loved ones? Nah, they’ll get the real Hitler treatment! 
So basically typical Jewish-Ritual-Murder like always? Aka "Blood Libel" 
^this guy here: "hey fellow Goyim, I'm a redneck and hang out with skinheads, I'm totally not a Jew" 
Another retarded feminazi 
To those eager to throw to the wolves: You are being faggots. Dr. Peterson has awakened millions of western men (and women) who would otherwise be lost. Men are loyal, even when we disagree. I would gladly take a bullet for Dr. Peterson. 
His cultural impact is so ridiculously vast, and so ridiculously positive for western individualism, biological essentialism, and meritocracy, I can only assume these upvotes are just annoyed he didn't go further, or you are functionally retarded and don't actually understand his message or haven't actually consumed his work. 
I smell the next nigger death 
Pdx White Nigger Rally. Afterwards they smoke pot and suck each other off! 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
This isn’t an afro u dumb niggers, it’s teased frizzy human hair, an afro is hard scratchy wirey nigger fur that is curled super tight i mean for crying out fucking loud if the niggers will attack kendall jenner (who is a disgusting mudshark) for this bullshit then there’s just nothing they wont bitch about, i mean She Bends Over And Lets Niggers Hump Her And They Still Call Her Racist 
All the Kuntdashians are stained. 
I figure Faggots like must Love tranny cock or else they wouldn't post so many gifs What I don't get is why you Faggots go thru the trouble of tagging so many people with this shit I for one do Not want to see this Faggot Shit What ever I just Muted & Reported you for Spamming Same as I have for the Previous Faggots that's done same thing 
Greg, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
I also get the homos asking for your address, faggot ) You too Wienner Lol 
Yup it's a kike thing 
No pasta nigger 
Will that faggot Mueller charge 10000 Central American shitstains for election interference, or does that only apply to Russians? 
Any chance the admin could fuck off the Twat who keeps posting pornography on the Brit Fam page. He's a troll trying to wreck this page. 
What's up with all the hashtags? You just learn to use them or something? I know I'm probably expecting a lot, but you ever consider maybe mimicking normal people and their posts? I know the low Iq hinders the nigger race, but surely you can try. 
Preparing for Christmas. Making a wish. But since there is no Santa we must provide our own gift - meaning we Must Fight For It! So get off the keyboard and Fight! Death To The Nigger - Gypsy - Muslims-Indian hoards! 
I never attack anyone unless they attack first. But I make damn sure I shove them down the shithole where they belong. They are always so retarded and stunned they are intellectually unable to respond. Because, when you are retarded, how would you know? I like to make sure their mind remains in the gutter where they belong! 
Just retarded pussy hats. 
It's a big problem among Whites out around where I live. They completely embrace the 'Dumb-as-rocks' redneck shtick. As bad as Blacks with rejecting any kind of mental growth. 
This is closer man hatred feminism. Dumb Pro-White men have more of a home in the right than a machivillian feminist like you, . Men fall into two groups. Smart, very dumb. A good leader finds a way to lead them all, Not purge them like a Marxist, you bitch. 
Exactly they trying to put Dat dirty ass faggot jizz on yo Beek wit those Lil clocks that squirt in minute and now they got 4kids 
That's definitely a different species from us white people. 
Im still not muted? Your slow son! The blow back could put a eye out you chettoes dick faggot 
This twat is not a true Brit. He's an Islamo-Marxist. Regularly comes to me to get harrassed lol 
Can't give sympathy without knowing the full story. Was he a self hating white cuck who did stories on black victimhood? 
You're a fucking idiot. Did I say "All" Dumbfuck? Did I even say he was? No. But like a typical fucking know it all cunt you have zero reading comprehension. I said I reserve sympathy until I Know he wasn't just another white hating pos. Be Smarter 
"French" Correction: A nigger in France 
No purple hair, no nose rings, no screeching retarded landwhales. Am I in Heaven? 
I wouldn't be caught dead with one of those retarded looking hats on my head. 
Ha ha. Brexit threat working. I told them to hard Brexit. Do it and get rid of Khan. The entire premise of the Eu is the eradication of Whites/Christians, and now that it appears the Uk is leaving it, Jews flee to Germany where their beloved Communist Jew tool Merkel can protect them. Jews voted 2-1 Remain. 
The real reason is that they hope they will be identified after a muzzie kills them and then sets them on fire. 
The little faggot with his. Need of Depends! Or maybe they did buy him his own jet airplane! 
"dipshit". Funny, your faggot fuhrer ran like the one balled pussy boy he was after he ordered his minions to destroy Germany. You cant handle it so you delude yourself. Good luck in life, fuck boi 
There is a Nigger in the Church! 
Retard muted 
David Greco Goodbye chum. Muted If there is one thing i hate as much as zionist its nazi scum. Mentally retarded boy raping queers! Anyone who can be a nazi is a liberal queer degenerate! 
If there is one thing i hate as much as zionist its nazi scum. Mentally retarded boy raping queers! Anyone who can be a nazi is a liberal queer degenerate! 
These 20 filthy stinking cunts were convicted and jailed today for raping little white girls as young as 11. Of course the Bbc were at pains to point out that one of them isn't a Muslim. That means 95% of them are, right? 
The difference is the Sikhs will be disgusted and disconnect themselves from him, the Muslims would be hiding evidence and treating them as heroes for raping ‘ Gori slags’ 
Disgusting backward cunt sub-species, they should have all their smelly putrid dicks cut off! Just be done with them! 
Took my teenage daughter to see her favourite Mexican pop group last night. The Spic Girls. 
Go fuck yourself raghead 
Terrible case. Htf can anyone assault an 18 month old defenceless child to this point? I hope the cunt gets thrown in a prison where they hate child abusers. 
Not that most of them really had any brains to blow out from the beginning, might have been the reason why they became so retarded. Would love to see Cher blow her own brains out, or at least attempt to. At the very least she can piss off to Canada like she promised, not like this mouthpieced cunt would keep any such promise. 
Pedo faggot 
Should we be using gab. Com or gab. Ai? Which site is going to become the main one? @a 
Neither, take your commie ass back to twitter. We patriots are going to fuck you commies up every way possible. The marxists get the bullet this time, faggot bolshevik! Your all gonna burn. 
Go ahead and try, faggot bolshevik. There is only truth, no threats, faggot piece of shit commie millennial cock sucker! Better yet, come yell at us in the streets you fucking antifa pussy. 
Mute me, faggot commie bitch ass scum! Communists killed over 150 million people in the 20th century, faggot. And you call me violent? 
I don't mute mentally handicapped people 
That's because you're a fucking Faggot Communist Bolshevik Piece Of Shit. 
Oh, you'll know what triggered really means. One of these days soon. Bring Your War, faggot. 
Deal with the now. The nigger is the gone. 
Kill this nigger 
Might as well care about the draft picks in the nigger football league 
Bit of a problem there, I never had kids, didn't get that far. I had a controlling cunt for a mother who could never accept I was even old enough to have a girlfriend - so glad she's dead, she ruined my life. 
Some of the jerks who call everyone who disagrees a Jew might be agents who are trying to disrupt us, but it would take a real retard to discuss illegal actions on line. So, anyone who does that highly suspect. 
Jane Fonda: ‘Hard for Me to Breathe’ in Donald Trump’s America (Have Michael Moore sit on your face to finish the job, you stupid twat [Fonda]) 
Lol See! This shit Triggers some little bitch slut faggot liberals! 
She is such a fucking cunt as far as I am concerned Chelsea handler and the rest of the pedophile elite in Hollywood can burn in a never-ending Lake of sulphur in hell because that's where they belong 
About as retarded as they come 
Imagine being this retarded 
I see one of your retarded fucking monkeys shot some unarmed Jews in church. Like the little Nazi Nigger he was. If you monkeys want to attack someone. Come attack me, or at least someone armed. Attacking unarmed people is what little bitch Niggers, like you, do. 
Drudge is a faggot Jew, right? 
The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians. Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien. Drive them out of your lands before you. Based af. Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
Well the half breed jews are a mutt mixture, so their not white, and White People are not Sand nigger israelites that the jews are mixed with 
Empress, all women condone womens perjury in divorce courts to ruin mens lives, there are no exceptions. Here is the facebook link of my former son. I disowned him when he was 14, now he is 25. You bitches do not even have the guts to ask him how the criminal abuse of his mother and me disowning him in response has affected his life. He is now a pro-abortion, pro-gay rights, pro-women womans arse kissing mangina cuck. Pathetic. You did this. You and all the women who condoned my wifes perjury. Us men have no say in staying married because All you bitches condone the crimes of our wives. F* you bitches. Marry each other and raise cats. 
I'm sorry you were abused and traumatized so badly by the family court system and your ex wife. But you're a piece of shit for disowning your son. You say that now he's "pro-abortion, pro-gay, pro-women arse kissing mangina cuck. " I'm sorry but that's Your fault! You abandoned your son. 
Lots of Aspies on Gab are very resentful about alienated Fathers. Many Aspies have arrested development, lack social insight, and are socially retarded so they were easy for the Mom to brainwash and too socially retarded to ever realize they got had. An Aspie child can create almost impossible challenges for the best marriage. 
Every other little house in Los Angeles Is A Nigger Church, complete with a Cadillac outside 
Did you ever meet your dad? Lol of course you didn't your nigger dad up and left before you were a spark in the cosmos. And now you are jealous and angry Now, get back on your meds and do the world a favour. 
Who is this cunt? 
Some cunt 
The edl, lol. A bunch of retarded fuckwits plied with cheap lager and cocaine 
One bright spot. Since the muzzie invasion/conversions certainly put a halt to catholic/protestant frictions from the past. 
"Here at Apple, we treat our users like retarded children using the most revolutionary techniques ever conceived. Why? Because we believe we're the smartest humans in existence. " 
Leftists are a pure satanic cult complete with satanic blood human sacrifice! They are all brainwashed retarded monkey brains and are useful idiots for the satanic Jew Pigs! 
Its funny I was never into politics for forever but thinking back 90% of my exs were libs. They didn't know it either at the time. I always shame them and explain why they are retarded and backwards whenever I meet a lib, even back in the day. Every now and then one can deal with my criticisms and we reach a consensus and we're cool. 
Take you cunt ass back to Twatter were you belong! 
The Hill, a site of liberal faggots, is missing one point. In the usual out of place question, during the press conference in Florida, rather than ask Hurricane Relief questions, one cunt asked him about Pocahontas. Before I provide his comment, remember the treachery of feinstein and schumer, in arranging bogus charges to sully the heretofore rock solid reputation of Judge Kavanaugh, having many organizations previously supporting him pull their support. I suspect that if Pocahontas' complete Dna was examined, it'd be discovered she's part German Shepherd, part Beagle, part Dachshund, and part Mexican Chihuahua, with a little Indian. The point is, for $1, 000, 000 - I'll get a Dna test avowing I'm Pocahontas' twin. She could have had anyone tested, and as to lie detectors and Dna lab technicians, the democrats, unsupervised, can get someone to say just about anything. Trump said in order to fulfill his promise, he'd have to test her, not her have herself tested. And he also laughed about the tiny amount attributed to being an Indian. I had the test recently, I'm 1. 1% Central American, and that's a swath on their map from Northern South America, through Latin America, Mexico, and slightly into the U. S. Seriously, she committed fraud by listing herself as part Indian. 
You mean "a site of maggot jews" 
Oh’ I see. Your pussy ass tried it Once. What will you and your dick suckin buddies do next? Sit it out. You faggot big mouths love to spout off. All talk no action. When your balls drop, maybe you’ll get it. Fucking degenerate. 
That Fair cunt can be first on the. When we come into our country, people, it's gotta be Strike Hard, like the Chinese do. 
No Actually, Until 2 Years Ago I'd Never Typed A Text, Until 5 months Ago I'd Never Been On Any Social Media, I Served My Country For Long Time, I Never Had To Do Faggot Typing, I Capitalize Every Word To Self Check My Spelling, You'll Probably Ignore, But, Why Do All Of You Read The 3 month Old Post & Not See The Sarcasm, Is Everyone Dyslexic Or Retarded? 
I pledge Allegiance to the Flag of the United States if America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. I Love offering this simple homage to my country every day. We used to offer it every morning in schools, just like these students 
Well. , Feel free To make me! Thats my actual photo, i don’t hide behind some anonymous picture! And Fyi, Like it or not, believe it or not, You Also, will stand before God and answer for your life! Sweet Dreams, boy! 
. @CajunTexan shut the fuck up faggot 
? 
Not directed at you, 
I had trouble with this platform at first, hard to tell who’ Talking to who. That Kmart dude is who I was referring to. 
. Kmart? Is that cuz it used to be the place ur mom bought you clothes from? 
. @CajunTexan - did you know the name Justin belonged to an ancient queer king in Rome? 
. @CajunTexan - you seem to know a lot about the preparations and signals of homosexual activities. Blue light? Wtf? Lmaoo. Fuckin queerbait faggot. I don't ascribe to your idiotic left/right paradigms either so go fuck yourself there too dickhead. 
C’mn Kmart, give us a special, turn on your blue light Bro! 
Blacks want to spread their filthy, shitty inferior genetics on to the rest of the country so they can get revenge and Ruin. Destroy It with the nigger plague! 
Cunt hiLIARy of course No worries though. HiLIARy won't be around much longer. 
She wants to be believed. This non binary retard is perpetuating scenarios now and she's previously claimed that she's not a woman. So, the cat is out of the bag, dude! Selective gendering isn't going to help you, bro! 
Typical muzzie 
What a faggot. 
Or a nasty case of Necrotizing Fasciitis (Flesh-Eating Disease! This is a new 3rd world nigger disease brought to Everyone by jew Diversity! 
Male Female Retard 
I’m a conservative republican and I think we need illegal aliens to work the cotton fields and cotton gins. 
Senator Collins from Maine called me a faggot 
A dumb nigger and liberal, double trouble. 
Another crack head Wigger thinking he's a hoodrat. 
Such bullshit. Black men don't kill men defending black women. They do kill each other every day out here, but it's over money, drugs, or disrespect. I'm not running a background check on the men my daughters date. They date the sons of white families we already know. Problem solved. 
Be a nigger elsewhere. 
And if I did, you'd call Cnn? Be a nigger elsewhere or I'll ignore you. Cry to Cnn and I'll ignore them too. 
You'll never get it. I don't mute niggers for being niggers. I only mute tranny porn, and that's more a jew thing, isn't it? 
Fair enough. 
What a dumb cunt! Hi Cyph! Nice to see you this morning! 
Nice to see my favorite biker chick around too. How are you? How's work? 
I’m good! I’m in Mexico right now! Hanging out with a bunch of pro dirt biker dudes! 
Be careful out there. Don't run into the cartel. 
Haha. We might on the way back! We have some big trucks that go fast and don’t stop tho. 
Actually, I Do. I've been interrogated by the Fbi as well as the secret service. You see fuck boy, I've been at the front lines before while you were still playing finger the asshole with your nigger neighbor. 
Judge Sarah Munro let plod off with an absolute discharge for wrecking a shop (his drink was spiked except toxicology proved he lied) one wonders where Judge Munro the cunt lives? 
No wall? More lies it's being built as you lie. He's done a shit ton. I agree on Syria, as we should burn all filthy muzzie countries. 
He's not a rapist. He's a very fair guy but you mentally retarded idiots only get your talking points from Teevee. I'm laughing at you, Yes You! Hahahaha! 
That old bat wouldn't even remember where her cunt is. I think Justice Kavanaugh is about to dump some major whupass on Deep State criminals and That is what They are afraid of as catlady libtards go shrieking off into the night as the distraction. Boo Fucking Hoo on Feminist idiots. They lost. We won 
No, not "as long as they're legal. " Who do you take me for? Some retarded CivNat? Johnny is not a tan or brown spic. His family legally immigrated to the U. S. From Columbia. Here's his photo. Make up your own mind. 
All Us Citizens should be allowed to gather at the border, armed, and shoot every wetback who comes near the border. 
It takes a depraved cunt like that to fuck a nigger. 
Lot of little white depraved teenage cunts in the Us who think it's cool. America is so fucked. 
Roger is a bit of a fashion fop. Note the faggot shirt collar. 
More: "Hey Trump. Can you not put Goldman Sachs Jews in charge of the Fed? " "Trump, can you not waste your political capital over a stupid tax bill, again, drafted by Gs Jews? " "Trump, the Gop is full of traitors. So how about you help us replace them with populists in the primaries? Could you at least praise them on twitter? Please? " This nigger ain't done Shit. 
Did that worthless fat faggot even see what Razor did to MovieBlob after Chipman tried going after him? 
Looks like Striker got booted off Heel Turn. I missed it but I heard about it. Joachim may be retarded. His racial partisanship is so extreme that he frames the Americans as the real victims in the Vietnam War. No one is buying that, not even pro-whites. The unfortunate side effect of that is that every war for Jewish interests is supported just because the cannon fodder are white. 
He was acting like a weak sperg frankly. His position is so retarded that he had to ban the only guy worth listening to not look like a complete idiot anymore 
You are a retard and I hope you get aids. 
This just in: Nigger woman is the worst driver 
Bah. Routinely sending Uk officers out, knowing full well they face the risk of being pitted -unarmed- against a raging Muslim madman with a knife, is a screaming Pc cowardly policy in itself. Eh, Creepy Cressida? Let's see the gong-chasing, photo preening 'top cops' tackle Iq retard All-to-the Snackbar when he's gone crazy. Hell, no. Getting stabbed & chopped up is for the beat cops. I'm too valuable! Hypocrites. Give 'em guns, Ffs. 
Faggot 
If this faggot still lives. I certainly want him dead. 
Lmao, Demons would not associate themselves with either of the retarded political parties operating the Us or the Eu for that matter. 
Same to you cunt 
Keep Nigger Abortions Free 
Faggot 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Got his Md license out of a crackerjacks box. I see! I seriously fear for any patient this twat Md treats! 
"Attracks", good to see Bloomberg's crack editorial team is on the case do all you journowhores daydrink or are you just functionally retarded 
And once again demonstrates he is the ultimate faggot magnet. 
Here's the faggot 
Lol. What faggot downvoted this? 
Eat a dick, you faggot pinko. 
Excuse me Jeremy you Cunt for your information 
Leo, I assure you, I lived through it, and, you're a lying half paki, half Welsh faggot 
Ya never know what's gonna set the lil faggot bastards off. Lol 
All the stupid redneck evangelists will fall over themselves trying to get there 
I thought she was a wetback when they dumped her off in our tribe, I told them she was full of evil spirits & they should throw her in the river. 
I suppose if your that ugly and Retarded to start with there's not much you could do to yourself to make it any worse. 
Just look at the Manlet, I think Macron bats for the other side. 
Jewish faggot and his nigger vermin. 
U let us do it because you are a frightened bunch of faggot lard asses or anemic skinny turds. Love the unicorn horn on his head. Lol 
I ridicule the kikes all day long - and there's nothing that New Scotland Yard or MI5 can do about it. 
Lol No! That's why I make a twat of you on their behalf ) 
2. I suppose I only have myself to blame for being lulled into a sense of Brotherhood. I know we don't agree on every little detail, but damn. Reminds me of nigger brotherhood; we 'tight' on the surface, but sell each other out when things get rough. So. 
Oh look, another fat cunt, sucking nigger and Jew dick, because no White man will have her. 
The guy in fornt of the mic looks like a nigger that beats his wife all day imho 
I'd have knocked the stupid out of both civies, stupid mother fuckers have no right to breathe 
You mookie are the stupid sick cunt. You belong locked up away from any society or even better in your 6 ft deep safe space, stupid cunt 
They are all brainwashed retarded monkey brains! Morally degenerate human sewage! 
These fucking retarded people. I hate them all. 
Any faggot bitch of a man that dresses like this is as irrelevant as his useless nut sac. 
Don Lemon is a fucking nigger retard who can barely read a fucking teleprompter. 
Don Lemon is a queer. 
Trump = Jewish Trump = Zionist Trump = Israel First Americans = retarded 
Another devious dyke 
>Muh Spaniards Are Muds Hur If your mentally retarded ass knew anything about Spain, you would know that Spain under Muslim rule was segregated in the extreme with little to no mixing whatsoever and that they along with the kikes were expelled in 1492. And anyone who has looked at what the Mexican ruling class looks like would know that's wrong. 
Ever wonder what kind of byke the kyke dyke rides? Yah, me neither. 
I wonder how many in their muzzie tribes are going to relocate elsewhere after this? 
Wetback vs wetback! Cousin vs cousin! What will go down tomorrow on my YouTube live stream when we discuss the Trump wall. I am For the wall & Emilio of Front and Center Podcast is Against the wall! Tune in tomorrow at around 7. 30pm to watch! Also discussing Identity Politics & Victimization. 
Who sucked the biggest cock Hitler mohammedan obama don lemon Hogg andy cooper Buy the articles it’s a tie between hitler and Mohammedan obama 
I think you've angered the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches here. Lol 
Half nigger piece of shit 
It isn’t a myth cuntface and no cunt ducked children where I come from that is solely a Moslem cunt practice. Now fuck off cunt you are annoying me. 
I dont think the word nigger is racist, it has many meanings. To me it means a foolish, dangerous and unbalanced dumb person. I call a lot of people nigger, and as a biracial male I dont care if it bothers you. Because im using a word to call out dumb dangerous people. Deal with it son. 
You fucking pieces of shit need to shoot yourselves in the damn face with a shotgun you nutball cocksuckers. Smfh. Get a life you fucking piece of shit pathetic miserable loser in life. Always got to be jealous of the jews to make you miserable self fell better huh. Shoot yourself faggot 
Anti Semitism is a healthy feeling towards murdering anti-Christian destroyers of nations. If it hurts to read this, that’s on you. I’m not jew. I do not support the destruction of goyim. I do not support child abuse. I do not support jewish supremacy! Jews are Not Gods! Jews are Not better than goyim! 
This is what jews believe! Jews Are Demons! 
Jews Are Pedophiles! 
I'll bet Crooked Cunt is cussing up a storm over the loss of her security clearance! I wonder who she's going to blame? Will she order that person to be "Arkancided"? 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
This Macho Racist Nazi Does Not Fear Anythig well except a single solitary black man. Just one single black man. And to prove he isn’t scared shitless of a lone. Single black man he is going to post a pic telling everyone to cross the street if you see a single solitary white man. Positively fearless. Right. Got it. 
Pray we continue crossing the street. I don't fear the Nigger. I fear Zog's Thugs putting me in a cage for dealing with the Nigger as it ought to be dealt with. When we decide to stop crossing the street there will be a strong uptick in appearances of Mississippi Windchimes, and not just in Mississippi. 
I didn't say they were the same. I said neither have progressed civilisation wise for 1000s of years. Africa is a harsh continent, black folk there have an excuse. What's the excuse for the Middle East? None except Islam. 
Is Australia a "harsh continent" huh? Cuz Anglo Saxons have been doing fine there and they've only been there a few centuries 
I've been to Australia and Africa. Australia is a doddle by comparison. 
Technology fella. Technology. We were the first to undergo the Industrial Revolution. Before that Europeans were fighting their bollocks off like African tribes. Then the East started developing. Africa will be last. 
Only if you chalk up the entirety of "superiority" to avg Iq as you're insisting we do which is funny cuz I've never met a single person who does. Our sense of self-superiority comes from non-Whites' desire to be around us and our lack of desire to be around them which people always claim to disagree with but never fail to agree with in practice. 
That is the single most common reason I get told for blacks being inferior to whites. Don't try and pretend it doesn't matter now lol 
It's part of it but you're a retard if you think it's the only thing that matters. Life's complicated and full of parameters to measure. So do you disagree that non-Whites want to be around Whites more than we want to be around them or not? 
Exactly. You lot are the retards throwing me the Bell Curve to show superiority. It's a lot more complex than that why Africa has never had a successful civilisation. And yes, I agree You want to be around blacks less. Normal people don't really worry about it when they go on holiday to Africa or Jamaica. 
"Normal people don't really worry about it when they go on holiday to Africa or Jamaica" Some friends of mine went to Jamaica recently. They were strongly advised not to leave the hotel complex without armed security provided by the hotel. I suppose Jamaica has that 'bad dirt' as well as Africa. 
God Damn this fucking monkey is most definitely Jidf or some sort of Hasbara! To retarded to be anything genuine. 
Cortez is retarded 
Whoopi: nigger jew - jew nigger - nigger jew - jew nigger, etc. , ad infinitum! 
You're a nigger lover too 
Blacks only get upset with shootings and being called a nigger when another race gets involved 
Gotta be a retard to not know Q = Soros. 
Imagine a bachelorette party going to a strip club and that retarded roided up Flip started grinding on them and doing wrestling impressions. 
100% #Folkfirst 
Robert, how is your moral fagging going? When will you stand and protect our white right wing trad women? Carolyn attacked them. 
Just like a sand nigger kike 
Why are all you retards obsessed with being a cuckold and why is it so hard to spell the whole word? I'd rather be on twitter being ignored and then quickly banned than be here and followed by a bunch of faggot morons. No caps for you tards. 
Ffs! This malignant cunt and everyone who leaves Government Office, should have their clearance revoked the moment that the step out of their office door! Wtff! 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Look Dumb ass read what their nasty talmud say's about us, And you expect me to not hate those fucking sand nigger fuck's, and go fuck your self 
Niggers 
Niggers are such idiots That's how their mums and dads treat them 
Dc, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
If you believe that your a woman a man a gerbil or a packet of fruit pastilles that’s fine just don’t make me believe it. The evil cunt in the yellow dress is a white hating cultural Marxist. Had the audacity to rip him on his religious belief by saying ‘you can believe what you want to believe but don’t force it on others’ Sweet sweet irony. 
Nigger, you're retarded 
Nigger blood spray is the only thing I fear. All the Hiv and other diseases. As long as its not in my kitchen I guess. If I ever shoot a nigger in my kitchen I'll move. Good on you. 
You truly are a dumb cunt gupta 
Rapper gets 4 years probabation for recording a naked 13 year old white girl performing oral sex on an adult nigger and posting it online. The rapper also performed sex acts on her. Where's the outrage from American conservatives? 
That nigger pos should've been sent to Attica for 20 long. 
This cunt should be happy her father didn't toss her off a cliff in favor of a son. 
Imagine being so retarded you take your political views wholesale from people whose Job it is to pretend to be someone else and parrot a script in front of a camera. Now imagine that's the majority's extent of political awareness. "I voted Democrat cuz my favorite Marvel character told me" 
Shep is Dirty Stinking Homosexual I've asked Fox get rid of him. They can't bc he is a Homo & will use it against Fox. 
Shep The Faggot! Everyone Knows It! 
Feinberg's Nexus 3 dyke is helping her become more leaky than Leahy. 
Redneck Isis or Y'all queda is a liberal trope. Maybe an Antifa operation 
Btw nutbag. Wtf would Isis target Dems/libs. They thrived under them you clueless twat 
Great. Are going to get stuck with lazy nigger bots too? 
Faggot 
What would make you retarded is to think that anonymous strangers on the internet would apologize 
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington is favored to be the man to play Batman in the next movie. Really? A Soy-Boy as Batman? He plays action heros while decrying "toxic masculinity! " And he'll be the skinniest Batman Ever! Just say No! 
Faggot 
His name is: Jordan Hunt. (aka. Jordan Cunt) He's a hairdresser in Toronto. 
Let me give this fairy gay faggot a roundhouse kick. Bloody coward/ Guaranteed he won't wake up from it. 
So, halfwit Harry has announced that 'pregnancy is taking tool' on MegNog, and she will be cutting back on her public engagements Because walking and shaking hands are apprently much of a gruelling, tiring activity for a half caste nigger to deal with MegNog has spent $36, 367 in just 5 days, and she is still flat as an ironing board. Four months pregnant my a$%. 
Let me know when it hits Nigger Looting level. Gotta get my guns ready. 
It's gonna be really hard for both Collins and Manchin to back down on Kavanaugh after today. With them on board, you don't even need that contemptible Alaska cunt and Beta boy Flake, just Mike Pence to break the tie. 
The whole article in three sentences: We forgive Trump for his comment about "shooting someone" on Main St Usa and getting away with it. (Uhhh yeah because hyperbole) We forgive Trump for not accomplishing "some of his campaign promises, " because of Democratic obstruction in the House. (Uhhh yeah because it's a real thing, not like they are trying to hide that, only the retarded can't see it) He hasn't pulled out of Iraq and Afghanistan completely yet. (Uhhh yeah because his generals thought it was a bad idea and too soon) They are pointing out nothingburger ideas and driving it home like we should hate the president for this. This kind of knee-jerk response may be common to Lefties but not our party, who prefers a more logical and rational approach to matters, you know, think before you leap? The Left may want to try this sometime, maybe you won't look like such violent maniacs everyday. Winning! Lol! 
You can't vouch for that sand nigger cock lover, get in line you swine 
Are you wishing Jean Hatchet/Vonny Watts a happy birthday? She has cancer so last chance! Half nigger Haslam is 71 next week, he will be in jail soon) 
That little walking turd did ok. Iyonna Hodo was his mother, the murder victim. Need a race on her? Hope not. Nigger perp got caught after a 6-hour hunt. He'll be lethaled after about 25 years. See my last post. 
With Roseanne it was too. Faking conservatism to try to back door liberal values. She went back to full feminist retard after the comment debacle. 
>posted on twitter lol ok, faggot 
Why are these white bitches proud of or think their nigger ass ghetto booty is attractive? More mind fucking by media. 
Kill yourself nigger. Go swing from a tree. 
Harley Miss You and all the Patriots so much. Dum ass Twitter kicked me off going after far left libs. Please tell everyone I miss them. Found Robin on here! I can still see your non private posts in Twat land. Keep up the good fight. Always. Jeff. 
The Democrats are really panicking when they send out this feckless Cunt the declassification is coming it will be after the midterms and every corrupt Democrat will be fully exposed. 
If you're a Biblical creationist your mind is a sewer of retard. 
There are people in Georgia, that will place her head on a pike. It’s advisable for this twat to re-think this publicity stunt. 
You were shut down on Twitter because Jack Dorsey is a fairy gay faggot that supports pedophilia on Twitter. 
Dems know their retarded npc followers will believe any narrative they push, so they don't even bother trying to make the Ff look real. 
What a lyin cunt 
What, over at your house, fake name guy? With all your faggot friends? 
Just like you, cock sucking little faggot 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Wow, what a cum back. Nigger Cum all Over your back! 
Wetback caught raping miniature horse 
More than happy to hear this disgusting wetback got his ass shot. That's what they all need. 
Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
What makes a black person black? Your questions are retarded as fuck. 
Larceny -> Refer to the previous question you retard. Deception -> Whites never lie, ask Hrc. Body odor -> God man are you serious you Pachulia smelling fuck. Bad hair -> Base on what standard? I think I have the best hair around, look at all I can do with it. Horrible music -> Okay something we can agree on if you had said Rap music. 
You have proven my point. I'm a Sand Nigger. I'm well aware of what my people do. And own up to it. Your lack of awareness is telling. You won't even fess up to what's seen on the daily news. I grew up in the city of Detroit. I've also spent time in other various black ghettos growning up around America. I've lived in India, China and Europe and always, with out fail, the darker the skin the less you trusted someone. Around Blacks, never relax. 
Go back to the litter box sand nigger 
I'm going to give you the same courtesy that I give everyone else. I'll fly you out to San Diego and you pick the place and I'll even pay for your hotel and you're going to stand in front of me and say that to my face. Last man standing buys the other one the first drink. But you're like everyone else a coward so after this I won't waste my time on you. 
Go fuck yourself libtard 
No Muzzie should be able to run for office in the U S Look at what a Crap example Keith Ellison turned out to be. Look at that Bigmouth Witch Linda Sarsour 
We need to ban jews as well, and christians for good measure/ No semitic influences should be allowed into our nation, or our government 
Let's do it! Accelerate the collapse! Faggots cannot faggot when Folk have to focus on essential matters. 
. @genophilia so far you've had 103 morons agree withyour lame ass meme? Fuckin hilarious. You are a total degenerate jerk off dude. Your mind is totally fucked! Anyone who agrees with you is a jerk off also! Fucking piece of shit! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
He's still a nigger, this, but he could make for a useful one. Blacks who stand up for Whites and a truly equal America should be able to be promoted from nigger to negro to colored to righteous black, the highest level any African could ever be righetous black nigger. And tax evader. 
All the little kids love it when I say anything remotely edgy, if I say nigger they lose their shit its hilarious 
Pelosi looks like a retarded whore 
Clare's dress is too short. She's a nigger loving whore that should have been lynched before she could enter the school. She thinks she is above the rules and she should be used as an example to deter others. 
I call bullshit. This faggot wants to have his own stash to get high with. 
Certainly looks retarded and did some really retarded mailings, more likely he's just crazy or a plant. 
This sounds a lot like the 4 that tortured the retarded boy & got a very short sentence or no jail at all. We have to get the mentally ill off our streets. Progressives want as much chaos and violence on the streets as the people will tolerate. Portland Antifa & Detroit in general are prime examples I'll post vids in comments for them 
Serious question: Why is it all the loudest optics cucks never criticize Trump's foul language, womanizing, off the cuff remarks, socialist style language about defending working people, and other things they nag about? If only Trump had more optics cucks running his campaign in 2016, he could've lost and become irrelevant too. 
To be honest, our values are so radically different from normies that we really are worlds apart. Normies are people covered in tattoos, suck nigger dick, single mothers, listen to rap and music with degenerate lyrics. Have you went out and talked to the average Joe recently? It's changed a lot in the past 20 years. 
Mark my words, many will take her serious. There will be more attacks now thanks to her and Nigger Eric Holder. Us Conservatives will faggot out and not return the violence as usual. Something must happen to this woman. 
So many things that get claimed to be conspiracy turn out to be fact. A few years back in a small town pretty much in the middle of nowhere, they started building all of these new duplexes. Someone asked me, "Who's going to move there? " I told them, "They're going to bring in niggers and govt. Will pay for it" Well couple of years have gone by now. Guess who was right 
Luxury Affordable Apartments = Subsidized nigger housing 
Of course, now they will replace the Latinos with niggers. Spielberg has shown himself to be a big time nigger lover. 
Dont yah wanna just run up and kick him right in the cunt 
Al Sharpton Must Be Frothing At The Mouth By The WAlK Away Movement. Fucking Nigger. TheRE I FINAlLY Said= Al Sharpton Is A N I G G E R! THAtS WHAt A REAl Nigger Looks Like- A MANIPULAtOR And Lying Thief. Fucking Scumbag. A Con Job-And Quite Honestly Ive Met Many More White NiggerS Than Black Anyday. MAYBe Its Time We Kill The Pc And Rewrite The Definition Of "Nigger" Across The Board-It Mean Asshole Compounded To Me. 
Poll: 75% Likely Voters Say Celebrity Endorsements Not Important for Vote. The Other 25% Are Retarded and Shouldn't Be Allowed to Vote! 
Go be a nigger lover somewhere else please. 
Fuck off nigger! Thank Nature for the Sickle Cell! 
Len guini, you are a jack ass. What race is guini. Are you a nigger cause your guini. No just a jack ass. 
Faggot Finance 
For those of you who remember the fat Democrat commie slob on Fox's The Five a few years back, Bob Beckel, he was married to this cunt Leland Keyser, who is Christine Ford's friend. Anyone who thinks this doesn't stink and wasn't a scripted hit on Kavanaugh is an utter fool. 
Princess my ass. Just another mulatto nigger 
Rick Scott is a lying piece of shit that is stealing from the Sun Pass system and is the indirect cause of many red tides by letting the sugar cane deal fall through. He's a greedy cunt and needs to be banished. 
Issue it the day before the wetback vermin get to the border. Don't give the communists time to contest it. 
Republicans will Totally Bomb Christian Villages And Christian Airports who claim to be fighting "For Al Qaeda". Oh and "Democrats will not" But what i said is True? Lolllll Do you see how Retarded It All Is? Both Parties Suck Ass! 
Same can be said for your faggotry. Sage this leaf nigger from my feed! 
Keep the Heartland nigger free. 
Yep, full retard. Political grandstanding 
Who's he fooling? He only doubled security at the S& M chamber in his home. 
Chris, Npc, Cuomo is his Cnn brother 
Cuomo is the one fearmongering, along with the rest of his incompetent party. How desperate do you have to be to send yourselves fake bombs as a hoax? 
It's blatant to anyone. Look at me look at me boohooboohoo. Makes me ill 
Remembering the HoloHoax Money Scam Most Important Part of being Jewish! 
Fitting that a subversive Lying Jew has to remember a fucking Lie! Jews are not only retarded but they are Stupid! 
Guys the alt right is so mad about Milennial Woes getting banned from Twitter! Even if you hate him hashtag blablabla free speech! (Except if it's Sinead or Kyle getting banned then don't/ Ps Woes is a faggot who likes beastialityS 
Mw is a fag. Prob has banged little boys. Gurantee hes thought about it. Fuck all faggots. 
All homos are pedos 
Lol faggot 
Jason Selvig is a faggot and he was harassing Brian Kilmead today. Anybody know where he lives? 
Among other retards every retard has convinced themselves they are smart, really smart. 
You going to kill yourself now that g+ is closing down nigger. Hahahahahaha! Film it for us so we can all watch and replay it over and over. Let me know where your grave site is so i can come out and piss and take a shit on it little faggit. Hahahahahahahaha! 
Keep using the word Nigger he hates that word. Lol 
Don't feel sorry for her at all. She was asking for it. That's just the life of a nigger loving crack whore. Idk how you can expect anything else. You'll either be beaten killed or get aids if you engage in beastiality. She was a nasty disgusting human and deserves to die. 
The Uk successfully votes to leave the Eu, and everyone loses their mind! But this May cunt lied through her teeth that she would honor the will of the people, and no one bats an eye. It's all, part of the plan. Almost, isn't it? 
Just shoot that cunt in the head. His perspective is Only that of a jihadistic flog, so just take the cunt out. Be done with. 
Nigger Think Tank 
>Andrew "gook fucker" Anglin This is why Anglin is 100% my guy. 
Do you have red new balance shoes? Are you a completely worthless piece of shit working with a jew on subverting white resistance? 
I know who you are referring to. I remember when he tried to subvert Cville by telling people to only discuss it over burner phones. Fortunately many were too clever for his tricks and got their friends thrown into jewish jail instead. 
Lol character and intent, so what was the intent of the right besides "uniting the right" and giving speeches? Communists openly stated they were there for violence, next retarded argument? Discord is run by communist jews and simply gives out meeting places so communists can physically assault them 
Which of the convicted people said that, oh yea, none of them, and that was never used as evidence either, it was kikes + black jury + refusal for change of venue. 
Chuck Todd is out of his nigger loving cotton picking mind! You can’t make this shit up, but these commie shills can! 
She died a nigger Now that is funny shit 
Just a reminder that your 'god' is some long dead jew, if he ever existed. And European civilization was destroyed by Christians in name of your alien, desert 'god'. Thanks for proving that Christianity is an enemy to Europe. Christianity and islam are indeed identical in your hatred for civilization and beauty 
Christianity is islam for whites Christians are isis terrorists, who destroy our white communities, with their africans & sand nigger converts 
I didn't know "Security Clearances" meant anything anymore since that hideous cunt Hillary and her boy toy Sorros bought the Fbi. 
Don't waste your breath. He's a fucking commie faggot asshole who doesn't have a fucking clue as to who the real enemies are! 
I have and entire family of veterans and police who have Concealed Weapons permits bring it on Chicago nigger. The faster we exterminate your asses the better. 
Make no mistake this nigger should have been hung years ago. It's a lose lose game for the Chicago nigger. 
Is a douche bag who likes being a bitch. 
Ah you looked up how-to spell douche you inbred faggot mamas boy. Go back and suck your mamas teet soyboy. No one is fooled by you. 
Nigger Huts Up 
. #Patriotism exist only because stupid people say it does. We went beyond the actions of self defense to being a destructive hammer for the Faggot ass a long time ago as scripture rightfully describes the 4th Beast of Daniyl & Revelations! 
Nigger can try to take them if he wants to 
And when we have a Republican candidate for governor of Florida telling Jews that if elected he will be the most pro Israel governor in America, my response is Fuck You! I'Ll Vote For The FuckING Nigger! Will Republicans ever wake up to the reality of race and act accordingly? Until then they are useless, gutless wonders. Voting for them changes nothing for us. 
Yup. And now they’re saying all sorts of fucked up shit about him to make him seem confused, stupid, retarded. The saddest, most desperate shit is saying that his mom would be ashamed of him. Just like that faggot cuomo saying that Trump was probably having racist thoughts when they met. Lol 
Poor little retarded baby. Whine some more. Your mental deficiencies are showing. I'm waiting for the Fcc to get some teeth and start pulling broadcasting licenses. They should have put a brass band right behind him. 
Crooked Cunt has a chinaman's chance of being sent to prison. Stop being so naive. 
Cucks Brigading Hard Tonight. Quick. Post Triggers! 
Trigger not nigger 
Nigger is animal. I am glad my country do not allow many in. Enjoy your nigger problem. 
The faggot in the picture is a jew 
No its a degenerate subhuman white man 
It's ok uncle ruckus I know negroes can't tell the difference between whites and Jews. Leave this to the big brains 
Who the hell would want to see her other 50 publications let alone read it. She is not a real Professor, she is A member of Porky Pigs farm, grunting like a pig, snorting like a pig, and looks like a pig. Somebody forgot to stuff a dildo up all three openings, mouth, cunt and ass. If you see a pig, talking like a pig, and eats like a pig, then she is a Democratic Socialist Pig. 
The Us has already had a man, a nigger and others. Maybe we need a woman or a tranny to fuck us? Lol 
Fuck the kikes and fuck you too for empathizing with those traitorous baby raping cunts! 
Whites are Not kikes thus nullifying your reference to circumcision, dumbass! Gee, another leftist cunt who doesn't know shit trying to interject some wisdom into the posts. 
I never said this you stupid cunt. You got the wrong person. 
Lady Halibut She/He tricked me withthe name I'll just mute the cunt 
Cunt 
You'd think a billionaire would have better security, unless they are talking about billions in nigger dollars, then he could afford one Kfc bucket. 
Reading some of the tripe in the media about all of this issue is just. Ergh! I want to scoop my eyes out after reading the bullshit stories that to try paint "it's ok to be white" as neo-nazi hate speech. Australian politics is soooo fucking retarded. We're sprinting after the Uk to be the most retarded western country in the world. The day Q pulls the trigger cannot come soon enough. Hopefully our political landscape is transformed too, we desperately need it. 
Pathetic whiny dildo liberal imbeciles, all of them. Talk is cheap cunt, ha, ha, ha. You're about as tough as a saggy tit. 
MuriKa Fuck yeah! Decorated Silver Star Veteran, Pow Sentenced to 7 Years for a Gun He Bought 40 Years Ago But, but. Trump is the president! 
What are the agencies that operate under executive control? 
Again, I'm not upset I only asked what this event has to do with Trump You're implying he's directing responsible, which Is absurd 
For the same reason he is responsible for this: But, but, but. Our president! 
Wring your hands. Clutch your pearls. Concern trolling is so low tier. Please turn to Page 3 of the Handbook. Then? Gfy #Q 
Another lib faggot twatter troll 
Is it because of the Ronaldo lies that Nike chose a Queer Moslem arse bandit knowing faggot can't come out without being tossed off for doing so, no not that tossed off tossed off a fucking roof by other Moslems! 
Shep Smith Goes On A Rant Against Trump And Pompeo Over The Suspected Murder Of A Turkish Journalist By Saudi Assassins. Tell Shep Smith The Us Has No Police JURIsDICTIOn In Turkey Or Saudi Arabia. Thats The Job Of The United NATIOnS Smith Is NoT A Journalist. He Is A Faggot Who Opposes The Trump ADMInIsTRATIOn No Matter TheIR ACCOMPLIsHMENTS 
You reach a point when you no longer give a f*cking shit about being called racist or sexist. I'm sick of black niggershit like him and twat feminist crap like her. 
This Muslim Cunt Needs Ended. 
I saw a picture of the French president preparing for gay pride with his nigger fags. I am still vomiting. 
You might be mistaking Ben Shapiro for someone the world gives a fuck about. Though he admittedly makes sense; a nigger roaming St. Louis streets is arguably worse than a Polish or a South African migrant who actually will work. 
"divorce your clean Republican husband and go fuck some beta faggot with Aids! " - The Left 
I was under the impression that you had a drunken Abo problem in the same way Canadians have a drunken First Nations problem. Also, I had the belief that you had a Chinamen problem of recent origin as well as a Muzzie problem of recent problem. To my shock, I see your shitbag pols have imported Africans too. 
Gab Nazi: "Jews control the world" Me: Actually Jews only represent 0. 2% of the world's population and besides. Muslims make up 24% of the population. Do Jews control them too? Gab Nazi: ". Kike! " 
I believe in fighting all the filthy despicable askeNAZI Jews also! But I look at Facts which is something a Retard such as yourself has no Clue! 
How cute! I am used to having Brainwashed Retards like yourself calling me exactly what they are! You are as Retarded as a Fucking Racist Jew! Lol 
A plane ticket and a hotel room will be all I need to smack the shit out of this retard 
Cunt is always well known by the alcohol she consumes just before a lovely so called Rape that she whished it happen 
I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed the blatant election tampering that took place. Every media outlet colluded to get Tory re-elected. They completely suppressed the campaigns of more than 12 candidates. They took Faith Goldy's campaign money to buy ad time, and sat on it throughout the campaign, waiting until the last business day before the election to announce that they refused to run her ads, no reason given. She tried to sue Bell and the liberal judge "declined" to hear the case, again without providing a reason. I believe that this election fix was orchestrated by outside influences (Soros et al) who don't want Toronto to drop its "Sanctuary City" designation. They want Toronto to continue to be the cesspool where they can continue dumping the world's subhuman trash. They also want the rampant nigger violence to continue, because niggers are their useful idiots along with the muzz. I believe that this election tampering is just the dress rehearsal for next year's federal election. The globalists got away with it in Toronto so they'll do it again at the federal level. Why do you think we've heard nothing about Maxime Bernier's new party? It will be the target of suppression, as will the Ndp to a lesser extent. Canadians don't vote directly for our Prime Minister, we vote in local ridings and whichever party wins the most ridings gets to be Pm. This means much of the election tampering will occur at the municipal or riding level where it won't be as obvious. That's why Toronto's election is so important - it's a glimpse into the globalist anti-democratic playbook. 
Speaks volumes about it's retarded owner. 
New web sites look like they are being designed by retarded schizophrenics who are high on Lsd. The old functional look was better. 
Never could figure out how anyone could 'defame' an old tarred road whore. What is the worst thing one could say about her? "This sloppy old cunt is so stupid she hired the Cpl Mike Avannetti to represent her. No ne could be that stupid! " Or would that be a compliment? 
And your retarded and a pervert. Next question 
Flake is a raging faggot for his behavior during all this - this is a man who is being blackmailed. 
Andrew Torba is a nigger 
No! I ignored your point and ridiculed you. There is a difference ) 
That is what an Npc does! Ignore Facts and is intellectually incapable of Debate! You ignore them simply because you cannot comprehend Facts. You need to go down like the Titanic that the Jews sunk! 
Yes! The wealthy gentile bankers who would oppose the disgusting Fed were on that ship in 1912. The filthy Jew passed the world war act of the Federal Reserve in 1913. This is no coincidence. Just like 911, The fucking JewS did it! 
Aye. There are some old photographs that clearly show 5 boatloads of orthordox Jews rowing along like nutters, pulling that iceberg into place. The naughty buggers ) 
Yes, it would require critical thinking skills to figure it out which clearly you do not have! Sure as hell was not an Iceberg dipshit! My god you are Retarded! 
Why don't you provide me with a piece of the Iceberg? What evidence do you have? It may have even hit an iceberg on purpose to coincide with the bombs that were placed. But very few people would have been awake in the middle of the night. Just more Jew bullshit! Jews are inferior feral beasts! A Jew is not even worth one of my fingernails they are such scum! 
Thanks! I appreciate that! But I certaintly I support the semitic Palestinians! I am agasint the anti-semitic piece of human sewage despicable scum Racist Jew Scum! They are not really Jews but Barbarians and they are certainly not Semitic! But that would be looking at Facts again! Since you are such a piece of shit you will not! Why are you such a Liar! 
You appear to be shouting at me. I've made you famous. What's the problem? And Palestine is a fictitious place. You get to it through the wardrobe next to the one for Narnia. Ok ) 
Well, IsraHELL is a fictiicious place as it is land stolen from Palestine. But that is a Fact which is obvious something your retarded brain cannot comprehend! I do appreciate you putting out the Truth instead of the old conspiracy theory that an Iceberg sank the Titanic. It's the same conspiracy type theory that Planes took down steel buildings on 911. Absolutley ludicris! It is amazing how gullible people are isn't it? Since twatter bans the Truth, I am guessing you have a bunch of Racist Sexist pieces of morally degenerate human sewage Lefties following you? You know, the ones with the mother who made the Wrong Choice! 
I wonder if the soldiers in the video with Tommy Robinson would be getting the same treatment if they were videoed with that cunt Choudry? Call me cynical but I doubt it 
Simple. Go back to Vietnam. 
Cunt 
Of course he has a Psychiatric Illness. He practices the muzzie shit, does he not? 
Islam is a mental disorder. 
Well, well, well. It looks like orangutans over at Abc are regretting their treatment of Roseanne Barr. 
A nigger breaks a nail and it'sa national emergency 
So a soy faggot thinks he can take Dan? Roflmao 
Loves a drug-addled nigger crew. His wife loves them too. 
McCaskill has gotta go also, fuckin cunt 
What a cunt 
Wow! Talk about Full Retard Mode! 
How bout mongo-pedes? Or maga-mongs. Those seem more fitting. Anyway, I have to retire early from evening shitpoasting & go do my homework or they'll have my balls in a sling tomorrow. You're in charge while I'm gone. Try not to be too big of a faggot while I'm away q 
That bastard anjem choudrey is to be released tomorrow! The cunt should be shot dead. If it was here in northern ireland he would have been killed in jail. The twisted bastard. 
Brainsick cunt 
White people, are so fuckin tired of nigger lovin p. C. Rise up, White people, we aint gonna take it anymore 
How in the fuck can you equate the Eu with the Forth Reich? I don't remember Hitler advocating Faggot marriage, Negro worship, open borders, Multiculturalism, Religious plurality, or a fraudulent money system! 
Who the fuck is following them? Are you just a troll or retarded? I’m seriously asking. It has to be one or the other. 
Lmao ~ It has to be Both! ~ A Totes Retarded Troll! Lolol Omg Take yer finger out, Dude! *EyeRoll* 
Get fucked nigger faggot 
I disagree. Suppose the man is an open-borders commie faggot and the woman is anti open-borders? She should just be like "oh I guess you're right because you're a man uwu"? Obviously no. 
Imagine having a platform of influence and using it to boycott sites who remove cartoon kiddy porn while virtue signalling against racism, If I recall, Tfm is a literal faggot anyway. Degenerates stick together. 
What a fucking retarded gender confused pussy of a male who has daddy issues 
Quick Question To Anyone I Just Caught A 7 Days In Twitter Jail, I Had One Previous For 2 Days, I’m Just Curious Is The Next One Permanently Suspended, I Don’t Give A Fuck Just Curious I Want To Put Something Extra Crazy On There So I Can Go With A Bang, I Called Chelsea Handler A Cunt & Included This MemeThe Fuckin Cunt Told The Teacher 7 Days 
I Definitely Pushed The Limit, It’s Amazing The Stuff The Leftists Get Away With 
Hmm, yes indeed. Molly cuddled Lil snowflakes get away with far too much. But watch, the left will eat their own. The tide is turning and its only a matter of time 
Absolutely, If A Late 80yr Old George Soros Would Just Die, Get Killed Or Get Arrested, The Leftists In Europe & America, Would Be Completely Screwed 
Don't know how he's not dead yet. His time will come, and he'll be roasting in hell where he came from for eternity. But, there's always someone to take these monsters place. Its interesting to watch who the up n coming devils may be 
As Long As All Of These Fuckers Die Off, The Last Of The Old Money, Any Newcomers Will Not Be In The Shadows Like The Nwo, Easier To Combat The More Fallable Weak Minded Younger Generations Regardless Of Their Wealth 
Fuck i never got a 7 day ban just told to f off 
Walk away is not only for democrats. Walk away from twitter and facebook. I walked away and never looked back. 
I Appreciate It, I Never Did Facebook Or Instagram, Pinterest Kicked Off After 30 Days, Twitter Since June, Gab Is Better, A Bunch Of Unsociable Motherfuckers On Here, Some Good People I’ve Chatted a With, But Still A Lot Of Crickets(No Responses) & Parrots(Repost Everything, Agree With Everyone, Never Present More Then 5 Words, No Intelligent Thought) 
Trump is more of a man than that faggot adolf ever was 
Come and fuck me little boy, i will introduce you to some of your obamas immigrants, they love sex with boys like you. Call him Hakeem 
Any tweet i made to little stephen on twitter was an almost guaranteed suspension within the hour, he was the most protected zionist cunt on twitter 
Well she fits right in with the other mentally retarded Muslims 
They sucked some sand nigger cock is what they did 
Tune in to my YouTube channel at around 7: 15pm where my cousin Wetback vs Wetback, Emilo of and myself battle it out discussing the Trump wall. I am For he is Against. Along with that we will be discussing the Victim Narrative & Identity Politics! 
Destroying, obliterating the White race, Dc, is a genocidal act. Outbreeding is genocidal. If you interbreed, there will be no Whites left. That is unacceptable. If you hit a nigger woman, you will get a mutt, non-White kid. Wake up. 
There's an article abt how a Banksy painting just sold at auction for $1. 4 mil and then as soon as it was sold, it triggered a shredder hidden in the frame that destroyed it "to the shock of onlookers. " Can someone seriously explain to me why anyone cares about this faggot? His artwork is just stenciling. Literally a paralyzed child could do it. 
Jew nigger - modern art is a kike creation. Ask these questions of your rabbi when he gives you the jewish reach around. You're like a Christian missionary in the Amazon asking Yanamamo indians about fortune cookies. 
Schlomo the homo, Aka, nigger kike anus licker has lost the debate. 
Yeah but a muzzie was fucking the goat, so she saved it! 
2 bob cunt 
Well, would you look at that. Nutzy faggot butt buddies. 
I guess it's against the law to speak the truth. Glad my ancestors left that shithole many, many years ago. Enjoy the muzzie takeover. 
I liked her show at one time on Fox, right up and until she chopped her hair (butch dyke style) and wore leather all up in your face New York City style. Turned me off & millions of others as she got too big for her britches scoring points against President Trump and got it right back from him. A $69 million parting gift & look out hen pecked husband. It’s full time now! 
Knowing full well that in time, you will find your Muzzie ass in prison! 
Kanya is a black man. Lemon is a queer nigger. 
Who's the freakin "Uncle Tom"? Lemon prostitues himself every night for a white man. Fuck off Queer nigger. You are not good enough for Kanya West to wipe his shoes on. 
Nigger queers are the funniest queers. Can't wait until he dies of Aids 
Just another Npc Soy Boy faggot 
Twitter-verified faggot. 
Shape shifting kike 
I feel bad for this nigger 
Nigger 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Nigger lover. Lol 
WWG1WGA = A bunch nigger loving "patriots", who's existence is only secured by the rule of zog law. I'm ready and waiting for the lights to go out. 
The Hill goes out of their way to write bullshit for that retard Chelsea. Soon they'll be writing, "Chelsea said she didn't want to enter politics, but now she feels she must". It never ends. 
This dick head queer hitler brought back the queer movement after more than 100 yrs of being in the closet. Hitler is the reason men are allowed in women’s bathrooms. Queers getting married to each other, adopting child to rape. Its Know wonder hitler commited suicide 
You're the kind of faggot who would disown his own children if they said meanie Nazi things. Fuck yourself homo. 
Rules Of This Gif War 1. Has to be somehow religious 2. It has to be retarded Go Go Go 
A See Two Men, One Black And One Msm Cia Traitor Nigger 
Hahahaha stupid cunt you sucking Alice's cock? Haha look at this sad twat. I think he's doing the Sheffield slapper 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. Fuck Elton John. 
I don't know how many different version you need to hear, before this sinks into your dumb cunt skull. People did not leave when Gab threw people off for actually using legally protected speech. No one and i mean No One is going to get on the cartoon child porn band wagon or hold a torch for you people, Sad that you can't see it, But still the case. 
I can't say brain resisting retard - resistard on Twitter. I'm suspended for saying this Is that pathetic. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
Spic tips coming 
Nigger weasel 
Have fun with the carpal tunnel the next couple days then, faggot 
Another bleeding cunt 
Hahahahahaha You’re such a Pussy, pussy, pussy remember that voicemail Sameed? You dirty faggot paki! 
Faggot 
Richard Spencer is a bolshevik faggot who has done absolutely nothing for whites. 
Yeah except we didn't stop there they along w all other whites Europeans built the infrastructure to this country The typical beaners end goal is a Home Depot parking lot 
Thank you, I wear the orange and think the pope is an anti-christ. Additionally, my ancestors came over on a ship and lived in a sod house on the prairies of Canada. A story I heard many times growing up. On the other side, they came as part of the original colonies. If being of Anglo and Celtic origins makes me a nigger to you, then that's fine. 
Ah, so you have an interest in dick sucking. I'm not surprised a bit, friend. 
You are not my friend Jew. 
Well, I'm no friend of the dick suckers, that part is true, but I'm not a jew either. Noticeable that you capitalize it. Is that part of the glory you give to them? You just barely finished glorifying their dick sucking practices too. Quite a lot of heritage you have to share with them. 
Another example of the big boys won't let me win, so from now on I will play with the girlies they are easy to beat even for a pussy faggot man. Can't wait for Michelle Tyson to put on a frock & punch the shite out of Nicola Adams, will the Feminazis wake up then? 
No wonder the feminists hate trannies. This is an insanely bad idea. 
Get rid of this cunt 
I doubt getting bored to death counts as "getting destroyed". Only thing that cunt is gonna destroy is her her own sanity, at least what's left of it. 
Fucking nigger bitch 
Trump is a shitstain on America and his followers are mindless retarded sheep. Violent unstable mental retards. Fuck trump. Fuck the human filth that follows traitor trump. 
Oooohh. Handful of riots vs Hundreds of right wing terrorist groups and bombings and black churches burning. God Bless Antifa! The Us Military was Antifa in WW2 you Retarded Fuck. I Proudly Support Heroes Putting Kkk And Nazi Trump Pigs In LInE. 
You first shit for brains. Jew and nigger lover. 
I am a jew lover. I was not fucked in the ass by my sand nigger daddy to grow up thinking sucking sand nigger cock is appropriate 
When you do push-ups, simply change the angle of your hand position occasionally. There's no need to buy a special device to help you do push-ups with different hand angles. Unless you are retarded like 
Recently found out Obama's slut mother is a full on fucking Jewess. I can finally do it. I can finally say faggot nigger jew and mean it! I'm so happy! 
Nigger Demon Murderer Suge Knight, after 3 Years in Court, Finally gets Sentenced to 28 years in Prison (say Hi to Cosby. 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
Theres no such thing as "faggotry". There are procreationists only. Faggotry only results in extinction. The liberal words you use perpetuate your own mental illness which leads you further into a beta cuck abyss. You're welcome. 
Low Iq beta cucks use liberal terminology like "gay", "nigger". Acceptance of liberal language is slavery. You're too low Iq to understand this. You're welcome. 
You sound like a gay faggot 
Funny where’s all the racist niggers screaming for justice When a white person is killed by an ape nigger with an arrest record as long as your arm, these R the stories that corrupt socialist Fake media hides, white people R under attack they need to fight back, shoot back, & destroy these planet of the ape monkeys from destroying R nation& killing R children 
Identity politics at its most disgusting. Is "black America" okay with this Suicidal Autopsy cunt speaking for them? Is "white America" going to watch this bitch talk her bullshit just because they think she's fuckable? 
Cunt 
See DONmaggot here keeps thinking that he's defending muh America from the Nahtzees. Meanwhile his retarded kids are fucking niggers, making mulattos while he collects a. Gov check because he's fucking useless to society. That's how he "Makes America Great Again. " Sad. 
I hope she gets hooked up with some raping misogynist muzzie neanderthal 
Use the military to remove the fat dyke from the country! Pos skank! 
Fuck you all, you faggot right wing assholes. 
If I was a racist I'd call all you African Americans. Nigerrrrrs 
Lol cracker spick and camel jockey funny to crowd but as soon as he says African American everyone decided he was gonner say nigger before he said nigger which means there the racists because there is a direct link between African American and nigger in their heads 
The end result is an Iq 85 nigger that's nothing but a violent drain on the modern world. 
Is he a nigger or a troll? Both. 
You guys are a bunch of gamerfags 
And you're a glow in the dark cia nigger 
Whatever you say eurocuck 
Wow. You must be a leftist faggot your troll skills are pathetic. 
Good news! The witch was suspended, but she should be fired! She's a special-ed teacher for God's sake! 
A Retard Teaching Retards, Sounds like Today's School System to me. 
Now now Sean Greene, Retards is only the work to describe Your kind. 
Heads Up Folks, we have a Jew infiltrator, Enemy of the State, Treat with Extreme Prejudice. Dominic. Love that Negative 238 Score, you're in the Wrong Place here Kike. And, that's Not my Name, Try again Hebe. 
Democraps better work hard at Loosing every election This Is Our World NATIONALIsT SOCIALIsT I Love This Gif I am 100% against hitting women I've never hit one myself But a liberal feminist Dyke it's not a woman and they have been green-lighted for they are race traitors 
Dumb ass nigger with a gun thinks it's a joke. Put a bullet in his head & see if he still laughs. (Just kidding) Student threatens teacher with fake gun outside Paris, France. | French Viral Video | 
Like it. Fucking love it anyone else that had half a brain would have lasted a few months more. Austrian mentally retarded drug addict. Drink up mazel tov 
Did this stupid monkey shoot himself too, or was the Nazi faggot too much of a pussy? 
The nigger is going to get a longer sentence and if Feilds lawyer is competent he can use this to his advantage 
Yes but being he is in prison and has admitted to it they will add something to his sentence. But all im saying is someone in the united states should go down to that prison and find another nigger give him a pack of cigarettes to jump old ooga booga who jumped feilds 
As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you! 
Fuck you Gab anit going no where pasta nigger 
I know right just like your punk as bitch sand nigger threats fucking fuck you wop dego bitch 
If you post a video give some indication of what it is. I don't have the interest to sample it simply because it's there. Give it a title or something. Don't be a nigger 
Any Chinaman can go to any U. S. Embassy or point of entry & apply for asylum & Get It Legally. So why would they pay $50, 000 to $70, 000 per to a Coyote & where dose a Chinese peasant come up with that kind of scratch? They filled this country with Chinese spies & saboteurs while they had the useful idiot chasing Russians around. Wtf, This has only been going on since Obama was elected? 
Who is the dumb twat? Her Id tag says her name is " Dick ". I kid you not. 
Fuck off back to twitter rabbi. 
Are you still here i told you to fuck off. 
Because you are a troll loser Leftist cunt 
Fuck off back to twitter rabbi. 
Are you still here i told you to fuck off. 
You are so retarded its actually hilarious. Thats why I keep you around always doing and saying the dumbest shit. You bring me many laughs on gab 
South Africans actually benefit from being raped & murdered by blacks! Lucky them. 
Wooooo weeeee, there's too much retard to unpick here. 
Fuck cats. They are jews of the animal kingdom. Your cat is burning in hell. 
Fuck cats? Fuck you for being such a prick at very difficult time of loss. You're the most disgusting attention seeking scumbag I've ever come across in my entire time on gab. 
I agree Hollian, it take a special kind of retard for that kind of display. 
Nigger tax 
Lol nigger was triggered 
Conservative Christians should subject the Bible to the same skepticism with which they judged Christine Blasey Ford. 
This is the usual utter vomit of garbage thinking I've come to expect from Christian apologists. Jesus the faggot straight up says not to hate. 
Cnn Negroes Dont Read. They Love Slavemasters Icons Published on 11 Oct 2018 #TRUMP2020 
Fuck Cnn and Fuck the niggers. Especially nigger faggots 
Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. Have fun getting fucked without any guns. Here's some real American blood and guts rock. 
And at least one commie cunt hit his car with a club - which no doubt sounded like a shot inside the car. 
Thank god I grew up having discussions with my father on why Democrats were so stupid! Back in the 70's they were not as mentally insane as they are now! Democrats are beyond retarded at this point! 
Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
No, faggot 
This retard took an oath to defend and uphold the constitution, doesn't even know what it says. 
Swallow before you speak. Cunt hear ya fag 
- Shit skins always trying to exercise their faggot brown nonsense. 
Why would a people continue to go by 'judean' 2, 000 years after the province was annihilated? Do we still go by 'Roman? ' Wake your faggot ass up and pay attention. The truth is right before you but you have to put your arrogant chin up and make some emotive, irrelevant statement. The sin in the world today was foretold in scripture, so we win again. 
I want an apology from the people in my timeline that called me a "retard" when I said the army corps of engineers would not build the wall. 
Embrace the retard 
If you give a Nigger a Dime, he'll Beg for a Dollar, & if you Give Him a Dollar, he'll Jack you for your Wallet. Best just to Steer Well Clear & keep a good Distance Away, for Elbow Room, Breathing Space & Utmost Security, from the Demonoid Ape Fucker from Hell. 
Point of fact is that if you judge a man by his character rather than his color you will find many a black man well preferable to yourself. Many Black People Who Are Better Than You! 
I am not the final arbiter nor did I claim to be. Fact: you hate the Jew and the black. Fact: many are better people than you for they do not hate you because you are white or even because you are a racist. Fact: 1Jhon 3: 15 if you hate you have not eternal life, thus you are damned to hell. Repent 
God Referred to Niggers as, "the Beast of the Field" & Jesus Called Jews. 
You do Know that you are a Complete idiot, Right, & Jesus was No Jew, he was the Son of God, & in the Earthly Form of the Original White israelites. 
Again for the Low 68 Iq (Borderline Retard) idiot known as Jesus was a White israelite, & don't believe a Word the Jews Tell you about any Role they Played in Christian History, as the only Truth about them is that they had Jesus Killed, b/c he was a Goyim Threat. 
Bahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. A White Israelite! Bahahahahahahaha! No, Jesus was a Kike. 
Just because you're an Odinist doesn't give you the Right to be a Rude Prick to a Fellow White Nationalist. Odin is Nothing More than a Fake Mythical Character, & Jesus was a Real Person. 
Odin is more real than the Kike, Jesus. You will never truly be a White Nationalist until you renounce your Kike cult. Now go fuck yourself, race traitor. 
Fuck that Kike faggot, Jesus. 
Odinism Is Some Fake Crap Invented In The 90'S By Satanic Kikes, and your profile pic proves it. Previous screen names "G33" (masonic), "blackmoonlord666". And (who) loves the f-bomb? Nothing ever changes and none of you will ever surprise me. 
We only discovered it, in the 90s and it kept me from growing up into a wigger trap pants-sagging piece of shit like everyone else, in my high school. 
More satanists pretending to be Whites on gab. Watch out fam 
Are you making the claim that whites can't be Satanists? 
Are you aware that "el satan" only means "adversary" and was used to describe many people, throughout scripture? That the "serpent in the garden" was only labeled as "the devil" later on? 
Horeseface can neigh all it wants. The cunt is gonna be bankrupt by the end and President Trump will still be President Trump. I'd say she'd be shamed publicly, but there is no way she could possibly being more shame on herself than that for which she is already vested. 
Whoresface 
Diana was killed for many reasons but probably one of them was to create a tragic heroic story about a love between a British Princess and a Muzzie hero. The rest is history: had the entire Uk walk into the Islamisation trap. Psychological warfare. 
Watching them become even more retarded is Hawt 
Corbyn, a marxist cunt 
Tommy is pro-Israel because they are fighting Islam too pillock. Enemy of my enemy. 
Twat, he loves them because they finance him. Book deals are a dead give away. 
It's like with me mate. They know I'm not Jewish but unless you hate Jews you Are Jewish. It's the socialist mental illness again. Affects National ones and non National ones the same. Tommy doesn't hate Jews and supports Israel so he must be Jewish lol 
You’re actually worse than a Jew. You are a nigger loving white man who is complicit in the destruction of western civilization by pointing to the symptom (muzzies) as opposed to the disease (Jews) 
Do please tell us about this fancy participation trophy you stumbled upon. No one finds nigger ape skanks attractive, even nigger ape boys. It’s more likely you can’t find an attractive white woman willing to sleep with you. 
Literally no one finds high T, low Iq nigger bitches attractive. This is science. Are you a science denier. 
Um! Science now is it. Don't forget you're talking to a guy with a very strong scientific education, not some layman. To be solid your theory needs to explain what we observe. So millions of mixed race couplse sort of blow that out of the water before it's left the port blokey legs. Any other theories you want to discuss? Lol 
Some nigger women are hot, I’ll admit this. 
Sort of getting better. Ish lol 
It's really much sadder and twisted, like this: "Please, I will be the fool, the faggot which you require, only let me be a liar". 
The Gop is spinning up a narrative about "mob violence" to scare their voters into turning out for the midterms. They haven't done anything about the mob in two years except use it as fodder in their campaign ads 
The strategy here is to harness the backlash among cucked suburban Republicans over Kavanaugh and the anger of the Republican base over Antifa to boost Gop turnout in the midterms 
And you have less than zero plan or power to enact your nothing plan. And to be honest, you're too dumb to have any say in anything real. So enjoy getting raped to death by niggers. 
We're all going to get raped to death. Because Jeff Flake isn't a senator anymore. Lol 
I expected more out of the methnostate. Hey guys, when we win Brad's not invited, he'll just cry for gibs like a nigger, his type always does. 
If you want to be a cheerleader for Paul Ryan and his policies, fine. Just don't pretend that these people have anything to do with us or that they haven't actually explicitly endorsed and supported Antifa 
I don't have a habit of associating with niggers tbh. Ever watch a nigger riot? Ever pay attention to their lines? Because they are laughably 100% identical to yours. 
Are you supporting Based Kanye West when he runs for office? 
Bwahahahha, a mentally ill nigger? Watch that nigger get back on his lithium and do a 180 in 2019. 
Fuck that cunt 
He looks alot better than this nigger lover rn. But yeah hes a dick sucking jew lover so. Meh 
Better, better. Lets support this Toxic Feminism against White women. They will be out of it, not because "good reasons", but cause the browns and blacks will kick the hell of them out of there. White women cannot be just alone in the wild, after being kicked out will come again to our flock. More of this nigger feminism, please! 
Maybe if doesn't want to be insulted he shouldn't make faggy little comments under his breath. Sorry your friend doesn't have the balls to come out and say what he needs to say without being a little bitch about it. 
I kiss your mother with this mouth. And disrespect with a polite vocabulary is still disrespectful. I'd trust a man who calls me a faggot to my face before I would trust someone who hide their truth behind a passive sneer. 
Sounds like you need the Ira to get rid of your muzzie problem 
I know Im not well inform about the Ira, , but better to live under communism then muzzies, , but that's my own opinion. 
You can label patriots with the word nazi all you want. I'll continue to identify you as a faggot sjw commie that probably needs to be burned in the street. 
They were looking for an excuse and that retard gave it to them on a silver platter. The guy was anti Trump, he was one of them. I'm kinda surprised the nazi's are still running their mouths after this shit, the Fbi is watching and taking names. 
Tfw, for some reason, you must defend jews to till the end even though you don’t benefit one cent. You’re just so cucked and retarded you Must be good goyim & defend jews bc it makes you feel more whole? 
Dare to dream. That hammer is going right up your Islamic arse, cunt 
Silly Twat that stopped the deportation of an Afghan sex offender indicted by the Swedish judiciary. 
Fucking retarded cunt. 
I hate how Nigger culture became normie culture. 
They need to blexit their nigger selves back to their country. The founders didn't want them to be citizens for a reason. 
In my opinion the so called elites are the niggers, i don't care what color their skin is, i refer to pelosi as nigger nancy because she steals the food out of a child's mouth, this makes her a nigger. 
The Origin Of The Word Nigger Derives from the word niggardly, old english, look up it's meaning 
Wow. So. Who the fuck does this libturd Cunt think she is? I hated her long before this, now. I can't think of nasty enough words to call her! 
What a gianormous faggot 
Japan rejects our criminal nigger military presence. 
Stupid fucking Nigger 
The closest that that cunt ever got to talent was standing next to Sonny on stage. 
Working link-looks like everybody having fun in an infinitely more tame video than the average nigger shit. 
Come on now. Like that cunt is 5'7"? 
When millennial blacks and Mexicans see Charlottesville footage of Nazis clashing with anti-whites, they don't say "look at those heroic fat blue haired dyke granola grad students defending POCs and diversity". Instead they say "Yo, White People Are Craaaaaazzzzy! " *insert laughing tears emoji* 
Faggot 
Fucking clone of Akenaton if ever i saw one. A gay mulatto clone married to a nigger tranny. 
After 2016 only a fucking retard would believe any polls 
The Uk is a friggin joke. The limpwristed faggot brits are worthless 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
A Youtuber put up a vid, what would you do if a teen or a retarded person broke in your home? I said, "they'd be a dead teen and a dead retard. She took it down lol. 
Another retard. 
Looks like Swedes are full muzzie now, it’s going to be hell on earth for women especially. 
Can’t wait for this evil cunt to hang. 
Oh hey look, total nigger bullshit comin' out after importing niggers. Shocker. 
I'm self emplyed and semi retired laddy. When I was recruiting for private firms I wouldn't deal with any of your lazy socialist sort. Smell 'em out a mile off lol 
Of course you are pussyboy. Your lies don't work with me. 
You said that a few months ago didn't you. Made a complete twat of yourself then as I remember ) 
You have a poor memory don't you pussyboy? 
You're the twat with dementia fella. Is that what causes your yellow streak too? 
Oh the irony lol. You bottled a meet 3 times pussyboy. Why do you lie so much? 
Paki monkey likes big girls dough. Oh! I get it, the filthy evil muzzie no eat no swine ya. Sucking on big fat traitor scum toes dough. Big fatties rolling around like pigs on the floor 
Hidding his stukkende vet poes get bunnion onion poephol kapper face behind a plastic mask and running fooken kali linux like cunt 
Brian Kilmead Is A Bit Of A Tool, But Don Lemon Is The Most VIsCOUSE Anchor I Have Ever Seen. What A Little, Im Gonna Finally Say It Faggot. 
Faggot nigger. I fixed it. 
Lmao Kanye said school was boring because you dont play basketball while doing math. What a dumb ass nigger 
I don't watch Retarded Racists! 
100 % negative, the so called positive stories are filled with retarded backhanded Bs. Media research center are controlled opposition hacks that use lame examples of bias from the 90's bozel is a retard 
Here's a group I made, it's called Rape Feminists. I advise people Not to rape feminists, since most of them are hideous ghouls and soulless golems. Also, if you rape and go to jail, you'll be raped by a huge nigger and your anus will suffer permanent damage. 
I apologise in advance, what a cunt! 
No what a Humankind cunt lol 
A perfect example of the inverted Orwellian World! Aimed completely at Racist Retarded Democrats! 
Yep, but mention Muslims and you get locked out for a week! Or mention Ike's Operation Wetback and gt locked out for a week and called "Hateful"! 
Some of Tucker's monologues are great, but he's not the right guy to be interviewing the unrepentant liars and propagandists he invites on his show. And that NeoCon faggot Britt Hume? Who the hell cares what he thinks about anything? (Besides diehard BushBots, that is) 
1 of the 1st things Clinton did was ok all Army soldiers that didnt serve actively in an Airborne unit, wear berets (A symbol of elite tier status that had to be earned via Airborne unit (Maroon), Ranger (Black), and Special Forces (Green. Prior to that, non-airborne units wore cunt caps. It was the beginning of participation trophy Usa. 
Well i wish i was either a nigger or a jew that way i could stand in the street and cry that this is everyone else fault but mother nature. Had a wind storm take out my 130 yr old oak and my truck. Unlike the spooks i wont cry about this for a 100 yrs 
Msm cares more about 1 muzzie reporter than a Us Ambassador and his security detail in Benghazi. Fuck you Msm. 
Fuck the nigger felon league 
Hard to tell, right? He is Italian, but there Has to be a nigger in the woodpile. 
I know, lots of people called it Matrix Retarded probably because of all the mulatto orgies and confused producers and stuff, but teh graphex were pretty elite. Lotta CPUs melted to make that. 
Op "Caucasian Nigger Terrorist" When the Adl sends their people, they are not sending their best people. 
Faggot 
Ohhh I. Wouldn't get my fingers dirty on your faggot race of infidels. I'll Let Allah decide your horrible fate! As is the rightful practice of Islam. 
Well it is now for sure since that's the entire idea behind it for the jewish controllers of media. To use pet issues (some totally manufactured like all of this faggot shit) to push a wedge between the same population. That's the real divide and conquer, dividing people of the same ethnic group as you flood their country with aliens. 
Ok white poppy's have been a thing since red poppy's red or white all good as long as they are to remember the fallen and oh main thing red poppy Go To Veterans white poppy's mean your a cunt who got fucked over by someone stealing veterans money cunts 
There are Niggers and Fucking Rich Niggers! You know your Fucking Rich when you ride home in a Heliocopter after playing in the Nigger Basketball League! Like Labron James Does! 
The leftist worthless nigger mayor of Houston must be hating today. Trump is here tonight, they had to change to a bigger venue. Because Trump is not a leftist. Hahahhahaha. And mayor Sylvester turner is worthless 
How fucking thick are u? I'm not here to argue. I'm not volunteering hours of my time to argue. I'm not interested in changing people's opinions. Everyone is entitled to their own. Get this thru your fkg retarded brain - I am talking about Anti-American Paid Trolls. Didn't threaten you. Told you. You are that fucking pathetic you may as well not exist. Fuck Off! 
I fight for people who haven't been born yet and people who are already dead. This movement makes a human knife block of anybody who attempts to go beyond its actual purpose, which is to be a therapy and support group for young republicans who wish to make nigger jokes behind closed doors. 
"And just fucking remember, I wear the trousers in this house not you, now get my fucking tea made. " "Talk to me like that again you cunt and you can lick your own pussy, I'll fuck off to my mums. " I love it when I can hear the lesbians next door fighting. " 
Hmmm. Statistics seem to indicate that nigger and Latino gun nuts are. But mafs is racist. 
The Continuing Faggot Hoover, Adulterous, Leacherous Fbi. Will Protect The Global Elitegovcorp Deep State Against All Enemies Foreign And Domestic. Fml 
You jew haters are just jeaouls lost soul losers in life with no hopes or dreams. You are some pathetic worthless cocksuckers who should shoot yourselves in the face with a shotgun. Get a life and stop being jealous of winners you fucking sperm guzzling faggot bitches. Bwahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Wigger 
Because you’re a fucking pussy, grow a pair. 
I’m just trying to light a fire under your boy cunt so you fuck will raise up and expelled those forgien invaders but I guess you’re too busy cuckolding for your government 
Disregarding this satire, it is truly unfathomable how retarded this woman is. 
But you can still see the person's posts (without just opening an incognito window, lol) so it's not Technically blocking. Just @a catering to boomer trash like who don't want their followers to see them proven to be retarded in the comments below their posts. 
Sadly that faggot will not have his visa revoked and this shit dick also knows it can make those threats and not face any consequence 
Gentlemen, it is past time to put these whores under boot. 
This is so embarrassing. Don't cry Argentina. It's always the ugliest ones too. These sluts are ridiculous. 
There goes breakfast! Women are meant to be beautiful creatures and they are when they take care of themselves. But women who don't are birth control and conversely ugly as sin! Why is it all they completely Retarded women are so damn ugly? 
Not all. You have your Hollywood beauties who are retarded too. 
You are being much too nice to that retarded bitch 
Tommy is pro-Israel because they are fighting Islam too pillock. Enemy of my enemy. 
Twat, he loves them because they finance him. Book deals are a dead give away. 
I have a theory about these idiots who keep calling Tommy Jewish. They are either Right Wing Watch Trolls planting devide & conquer stories to demonize influential peoples reputations. Or they could be Muslim Trolls trying to do the same? Cause there can't be that many nutters that believe this shit. 
It's like with me mate. They know I'm not Jewish but unless you hate Jews you Are Jewish. It's the socialist mental illness again. Affects National ones and non National ones the same. Tommy doesn't hate Jews and supports Israel so he must be Jewish lol 
You’re actually worse than a Jew. You are a nigger loving white man who is complicit in the destruction of western civilization by pointing to the symptom (muzzies) as opposed to the disease (Jews) 
Do please tell us about this fancy participation trophy you stumbled upon. No one finds nigger ape skanks attractive, even nigger ape boys. It’s more likely you can’t find an attractive white woman willing to sleep with you. 
Jews advocate marrying Jews. Asians advocate marrying asians. Muslims advocate marrying Muslims. But if Whites advocate marrying whites and Not marrying fucking niggers - we’re racists! 
That isn't racist if you want to marry whites. That's your choice. What this lot on here do is call other races different species so me seeing a black girl is beastiality. Now that is slightly err racist. 
Is it racist if it’s true though? 
If it were true it would be a fact. The fact that you lot Try to make it true, when it isn't, for your own nefarious purposes makes it racist. Understand? 
This is fact: Niggers have never made anything better, anywhere in the world. 
This isn't what you were talking about is it. And non white Japanese certainly took our inventions and improved them considerably. 
Hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt 
A Racist retarded bitch like her deserves to be Shot! What a piece of shit! 
A nigger with a gun would be carrying a pistol, not an assault rifle 
Kike rhymes with dyke for a reason 
Just proves there’s a lot of right wing fascist filth in Nevada. So many retarded sheep 
A loud mouthed nigger bitch that needs a knock in the head, stop letting these loud mouthed nigger welfare queens ruin america, slap the bitch in her mouth 
Democrats are Racist Retarded Npc's! Democrats are human sewage! They all need to be flushed! 
I have too many to count. Unfortunately when dealing with a lefty they are so retarded they cannot comprehend a thing I say so it is kind of a waste of time to be honest. Here is my description of a Ny times reader though! New York Times Reader Brain Description: Zombie Like Unconscious Gullible Moron whose proclivities towards Fascist, Sexist, Racist, Bigoted activities hold no limitations; Arrogant simpleton; A polluted thumb drive with no critical thinking skills to discern facts from suggestive conjecture; Vacancy sign permanently posted while vacuous vomit drips unrestrained. Part of an angry drooling mob. 
When you are all ready to take the meme to a level that's going to piss off zee left, a warped side of a fandom & a media company run by lunatics. You let me know and we'll start ops. Would post something like this on /b/ /pol/ but those who know 4chan is going retard slowly. Anyways. 
Meet the nasty ape bitch with the big nigger ape mouth That should’ve been hung from a tree maxine lady mouths baby daddy 
Dumb twat say what? 
Nice quote mining faggot 
Hitler was talking about the kikes but everyone takes it as a confession. 
Pig bull dyke. 
Bunch of niggers shot outside Dollar General in Germantown. (I’m guessing on the Nigger thing. 
And not one of them White. %100 retarded useless shitholers 
Woe to the boy with a retarded moron for a mother. 
This pathetic site is run by a Nigger who doesn't really give a damn about free speech. He takes offense to your naughty drawings and it makes his pp feel funny so he doesn't like that one Bit! @a 
Ny. Nigger Threatened to Kill Every White Person Support: *Anonymously report aliens: (866) 347-2423 The Hidden War: 
Your profile says, neon nazi, ffs, its neo nazi, and I will gas u first. U profile is ridden with hate. Fuk off retard 
No surprise. Same 1400 year old mindset, same retard level Iq, same non-existent empathy, and a tradition of wrapping a rotting corpse in the bizarre glitter of the 'divine'. 
The sand nigger muhammed needs to be browner, medieval, and fucking a goat. 
Okay be a cunt then and refuse to even consider having an open mind. 
Geology has proven there was no global flood so the Bible cannot be accurate. If it is inaccurate in its basic story about the history of the world there is no reason to believe it when it describes miracles that cannot be documented one way or the other. It is one thing to believe without evidence, it is quite another to believe Against evidence. 
Geologists have evidence. The Bible has a lot of wacky stories that contradict what we know about the universe. Jesus is fake and gay. 
The so. Call Jesus/Jehovah you are calling a fake/ gay, is the white one the so. Call white ppl. Said was Jesus. Can't everyone read the bible and get the understanding. The words change every time you read it. And if you wants to know what he looks like read Rev. 1: 14-15. 
He's long since rotted away so it makes no difference what he looked like, if he existed at all. 
I told you Judge that people had free will and they chose sin. God does not let sin enter heaven so we end up in hell. God's love was so great he sent his Son to pay for it. This was the Roman way of executing people back then. 
Cut out the middleman and forgive. It's just wacky. It's game logic. You need a mystic talisman to get through the gate. Why? Because, that's why! 
Hey Judge Gods way and our ways are different. Who am I to questions His methods 
You're right. Leave questioning the Bible retard god's methods to qualified professionals. 
Judge the Holy Spirit made Jesus real to me and the Spirit matches the Word of God the bible 
Yeah, but you're a retard who should not be permitted to own a butter knife. 
You are a cunt 
There's being a beta male, and then there's being a soyboy faggot cuck. Military service should be a requirement before someone can vote. 
Someone should arrest the other faggot for bestiality if he's bum fucking a dog probably one of them white Moslem Faggots! 
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on Retard. Trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth, went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime, dodged the draft 5x, made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of Welfare. 
You’re a retard then 
I guess some other witness is gonna show up dead and nobody is gonna question it. I mean if Trump murdered people Comedy Central would be all over it but they have some English talking nigger and they think everyone is retarded 
Theres like a hand book of faggot looks white liberal rely on, I swear. 
He is still a faggot 
No you kike faggot, your score was below avg until you opened up your racist cockholster and started slamming white people so eat shit and die you fucking crybaby yid bitch faggot! 
At least I knew who my dad was, you inbred mouth breathing nigger fucker. What kind of faggot parents name their bastard Milton? I mean, Milton? Too many Simpson episodes in your section 8 housing units i'm guessing. 
Who ever did it you no this evil cunt will no who are and by tonight or you may not get in the new you be dead you only get one time and should of kill soro s and family 
Sometimes I think all of those self hating Whites and leftists and Nigger lovers should get what their fighting for and then I can laugh as they complain about how rotten things are becoming, watch them squirm as the quality of life declines even more, as law enforcement becomes demoralized and crime rises. Be careful what you wish for assholes! 
Niggers. 
It's factual they have smaller brains so why don't people understand they will nigger ever chance they get! 
Lol. Red necks and their lynching fantasies 
Aint Gab awesome cuz the redneck would have been reported on fascist book already 
Coalburners. 
Niggers. Not even once. Why didn’t this girl’s parents tell her about what nigger bucks are likely to do to White women? She probably had no father in the house. 
Either that or she was a spoiled child who's father didn't buy her that pony when she was five and burning the coal was her way at getting back at him 
No self respecting white man would touch that nigger fucking piece of filth. Just another lost soul for the fire when the reaper comes. 
This is where we are now. A fat retarded paki srilankan thinks hes tough. 
You are just a subhuman retarded nigger shit brett 
Go fuk u nigger bf and die 
Get help you silly cunt and get a life instead of be jealous of normal humans. I suggest a fucking shotgun to the face you fucking piece of trash. Smfh. Eat my shit pigbitch 
How fucking retarded and focused on a fake scoop of the Trump Train Cabinet who bit by bit has dismantled left wing narrative hyenas. 4chan joke ( Trump Train) _(Rape Train)Dumbass 
This faggot will get you doxxed. If he's really this dumb you could doxx him by staking out altlite videos on Bitchute and correlating his linking. 
It will all backfire on them. They can't control retarded savage niggers and arabs. 
You woke up kinda racist this morning. Nigger this, nigger that. Lol 
If you reposted a meme calling maxime waters a nigger and a black person complained you would apologize and grovel. And here is a white person doing exactly the same thing and you are treating me different. Don't lie to me 
The white trash are the niggers in the wood piles. 
I am half Italian and half western European, I am only 3rd generation American. I have no white guilt to muster before 1900. That means I have None at all. The native Americans and Afro-Americans had already endured their shit before my family set foot here. 
Go be a faggot somewhere else 
That Muzzie clickbait, ya know. Don't feed the trolls. 
Rapist said something not retarded for once. 
Interesting! You've been using Gab longer than I and have a few 100 up votes. I have nearly 20, 000. And like the utter thick twat you demonstrate, you are confusing anti-white with anti-You ) 
Lol a Jewish Nigger 
Imagine playing the clout game, being pc, sucking up to all the right people til ur super famous then say nigger on live tv 
Latest company to, people More ads are going with the quick shot of a White & negro together in some way- sitting together, whatever. The overt stuff I see less of, though it is there. Exxon engaged in the former. Having a mudshark and nigger talking, looking fondly at each other. Any amount of this is unacceptable, people. Go to Chevron- 
Dick by name, dick by nature. 
Dyke by name dyke by nature fify 
In some ways, the word "racist" has already lost most of it's power, it's been flogged worse than all the horses in the world called Elmo. That the retarded left still keep using the word just shows how detached from reality they are. 
Muslim finds drunk, drugged girl outside pub covered in blood with broken teeth and jaw. Instead of taking her to the hospital he takes her home and rapes her. 
Muslim, he's never a Muslim, prtendy one maybe but in reality just a sick, sack of shit, retarded rapist asshole who should be hanged in public as a warning to anyone who might want to attack your girls! 
Of course he's a Muslim. Have a look at the list of those Convicted for the organised gang rape of schoolgirls in England. Muslims are 5% of the Uk but are 90% of those who do these crimes. 
I wrote a book on it, you moron. The core texts of Islam encourage rape of non-Muslims. It's gone on throughout the entire history of Islam, since Mohammed raped Safiya. I've got an entire bookcase of books on Islam written by Muslims. I'm sure you've not read a single one of them. 
"And all married women are forbidden unto you save those captives whom your right hands possess. " Koran 4: 24 Do you know what 'right hand possess' refers to in the above verse? Mohammed himself explains in a Hadith ( - that moslems can take infidel women and children captured in war as slaves and rape them. 
He certainly is a muslim, following the vile koran to the letter 
No he's Not - where did you get that idea. Any "Muslim" who follows the Koran to the Letter is a sinner in Islam. The Koran does Not want people doing that, they're supposed to get educated and better themselves. Islam also condemns people who use it as an excuse to commit crimes. He's just a diseased asshole. 
Every muslim has their own interpretation of Islam. Some of them use it politically to fight us, others are more direct like the rapist. But they're all being 'good muslims' 
They are Not being "good muslims" that's a bullshit phrase. And others just get on with their lives and Millions of them have never harmed anyone. Amazing how many on here are trying to Justify what these twats do when there is None! 
Did I say all muslims, or even millions of muslims? The text says they can take sex slaves, it's that simple. If you don't believe it ask who is an ex-Muslim. 
It's the 21st century Dude, what is Says and what people Do is two different things. That book was written 1400 Years ago - people have moved on and only assholes blame that book for what they do! Any tit can use as an excuse to justify their actions - it is Not a reason for it. Only Isis etc warp that shit to suit themselves. 
He most certainly is a Muslim. 
Tell that to the 53% of British muslims who think homosexuals should be punished by law, or the 66% who would Not inform police if they knew someone involved with Isis. They take their religion very seriously. 
Fuk off u spic fuks 
The cunt already made an apology, she can fuck right off. 
Exactly - fuck that bastard's apology indeed. 
No mercy for these cunts now, they went way too far long ago. Filth. 
And that's the difference between a respectable black person and a nigger. The nigger just wants Affirmative Action to be his/her gravy train of benefits from cradle to grave without ever having to earn anything through hard work all throughout life. 
Correct. That's why I call people like that. 
Darius I callem them as I see them. We have wiggers & niggers. Welfare Fraud. Get A Job. Stop Having Kids You Cannot Support. Always A Pleasure D 
Fuck That Retarded Looking Zio-Dickhead 
It'S All Pig Jew To Me 
Stupid fucking hick sand nigger lover Lol 
You might want to read my timeline cunt before coming at me. 
But I am possum faced you Socialist faggot 
Gab has almost nobody noteworthy here, which is gold. Milo hasn't been here in 7 months, Baked Alaska stopped using it 10 days ago. Trump still hasn't come. Ben Shapiro likely forgot it exist and Steven Crowder doesn't give a shit. Nobody other than Alex Jones seems to use Gab. Everybody else likely knows Torba is just a money hungry jew, not a free speech lover. 
Milo hasn't been relevant in over a year, nobody gives a damn about Baked Alaska, Trump is too busy triggering leftists on Twitter, Ben Shapiro isn't noteworthy and Steven Crowder probably can't be on Gab per his contract with Crtv. If you want to hear the opinions of a British faggot who fucks niggers, open another tab in your browser and go to whichever cesspool Milo is on. 
Betcha $50, he never got fired, nigger privilege 
I ain't takin that losing bet! Nigga probably got a promotion and raise. Especially if it's whitey's porch. 
We need a Lindsay Lohan at every airport to scare away the muzzie invaders! 
Whoever is retweeting christi onto my timeline, stop. I don't need to read gamergate faggot drama. I blocked instantly on twitter for this, and i see i need to resume the practice. Only warning. Play videogames, ignore people who talk or write on the internet about videogames. Jesus some of you are dumb cunts. 
Or you could just not be a homo and learn to follow rules instead of being like a faggot. There are lots of places to post women who are naked, stop acting like you're some champion of justice like some retarded high school kid. 
You can do a nigger count yourself for all the propaganda Tv shows here 
The man with whom he sleeps is actually an indentured servant, just look at the fear in his expression. Don Lemon loves the concept of Plantation Politics. He believes in reverse slavery. He is a Cnn House Nigger (there I said it. 
Hahaha Sucks to suck Morty. Looks like he is pegging the literal shit out of you and your faggot friend. You should take a picture of it and spam it at us, you dirty disgusting mess! Lmao 
All four of them are wetback communists. Coincidence? 
>people living in the modern country of Macedonia Actually believe Alexander The Great was born there gas all Macedonians I’m not joking 
I so fucking agree with this scholar. I mean, do you think "macadamia nut macedonians" make fucking pita bread properly or have the ancient secrets of de-seeding olives? No They Fucking Dont Because TheyRE Savage Nigger Beasts! My Helenistic Rage Will Never Be Quelled Death All Slavs! Death Them All To Death! 
Get the Fuck Out Nigger. I won't cuck to this House Nigger. By 'ignorance' he means 'actions that would lower profits for Corporations' you know those corporations that pay House NiggerS Way? 
You race baiting whore shut the fuck up and pay your taxes you faggot bitch 
Just another random nigger mug shot. 
Can't wait to see retarded ass boomer listening to kanye 
Keep Whte knighting for butt plug Gavin im sure hes grateful faggot and remember that time No One Asked U 
How about coming to find me? It would be better than trying to fight a lady. Of course, that's what I would expect from a Regressive Leftist faggot like you. 
Fuck you faggot 
It aint gonna be pretty son in gonna fuckin break both yo fuckin arms and you cant take me to court cause yo ass 7foot tall it wouldnt be the first fuckin 7foot cunt five beaten up before lad step the fuck up 
Yeah I had no idea this commie nigger was even a serious candidate. Wow. This country is fucked. 
Pauli gets the trrgr'd nazi retard of the day award for her excellent shitposts on the historic nature of nazism, which is bald assed faggotry. 
These are the Real borderline depressed nigger hours rn. 
Bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream, I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit. 
This from the Biggest Lying Nigger Ever! 
Cleared out the Nsfw part. Because nobody in their right mind wants to see a nigger dick. 
Naturally It Was A Fucking Cunt 
These 20 filthy stinking cunts were convicted and jailed today for raping little white girls as young as 11. Of course the Bbc were at pains to point out that one of them isn't a Muslim. That means 95% of them are, right? 
The families of the backward savages, to 3rd cousin should now be deported. No argument. Innocent or not. Perhaps their fucking families may discourage them if they lose their benefits and free homes. Not one more retard infected with islam should ever cross our borders. They contribute nothing and take everything. We, ll drive our own taxis! 
This is a nigger for you. They are like lice. Hard to get rid of. 
Your daughter is a filthy treasonous whore curing niggers and shitskins who then go on to rob and kill white people. Your whore daughter deserves to be killed by the nigger filth she's protecting. 
I see he wears faggot glasses. 
Fuck nigger lives! 
What in the fuck is wrong with these blue tick cunts? Just fucking kill yourself instead bitch two problems solved 
Liberals are mentally retarded 
When are you going to change your avatar from that faggot pedophile kike? Probably around the same time as you graduate from the fourth grade humor. 
I'm sure they will have a sister of a black homosexual who killed himself, who will claim her dear brother killed himself, because Kav called him a nigger faggot. 
Put a pike up her twat and out her mouth, then light her on fire 
The only reason you're not a Wn is you're a smug conservative faggot without the moral courage to stand for your own people in their hour of crisis. You don't need to respect Hitler or any other historical figure to be pro-White. But if the fact that some of us do respect our forebears is enough to turn you away, then our struggle is better off without you. 
Faggot 
Kike 
Hahaha miserable faggot. Bwahhhh enjoy your miserable pathetic life with your gay lover. Bwahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh faggot. 
Typical miserable fag who blames the jews for your pathetic miserable hatefilled life. Miserable cocksucker. Bwahhhhhhhh 
I had an interesting cab ride last night. Cabbie was a vile nigger from Ghana. He volunteered his opinion on women and what he likes to do to them. I've never wanted to put a bullet in someone's brain more than this piece of shit. Plus I had to tell the retard my destination 5 times. 
It didn’t disconnect my call with a customer, that guys is just a fucking retard who doesn’t know how to work his phone. 
"They're just jokes man" "They're just mean tweets man" "They're just a political opinion man" Next thing you know: A Second Holocaust! You're such a stupid faggot Torba, you really are the 30 Year Old Boomer meme personified. 
Better than being a faggot meme personified 
Yes, Operation Wetback was very efficient at removing illegals. 
May you lieing cunt you worrying about job them people what total load cunt bollocks you close most of the police station s in Uk u fucking convted to Islam you give to fuck about the people in tower block in that kill 75 people you fucking lie straight from start when we no you we the English Scottish people that vote to get out the billion club that my money 
What is this nigger shit? This fucking retard who runs this channel records the songs with his phone from his loudspeakers and then uploads that. Check out Because I sieg H E I L on the same channel. You can barely hear anything. Wtf! 
He's some kind of faggot nigger like the Aussie faggot and the Ramsés faggot that post bland music and Jewish propaganda. 
Move to the Usa. High Iq people here have breeding space. The only problem is our retarded welfare system pays for idiotic single moms. 
Macron is a faggot metrosexual. 
Beeing able to say Nigger has nothing to do with Racism. But with Discrimination and free speech. See u are a brain washed fuck up. National Socialist are just as bad as Communist and Political Islam occult fuck ups. 
Retarded petulant children. Yep, that about sums it up! 
Priorities something niggers have backwards. Have funerals for words while their empire collapses around them. And yes i noticed the same shit they want to be treated white but when shit hits the fan back with the monkeys they go. Thats the nigger way just stands out more in prisons 
The nigger was, is, and always will be a blight on White society. 
They're turning Denver into a 'smart city', too bad the retard globalists are the ones doing it, a toll road here and a toll road there, get on your bicycles and ride to the store in the snow. Elderly, you just sit and die as we know you can't get out. Tear these god damn cities down. 
Trump = Jewish Trump = Zionist Trump = Israel First Americans = retarded 
That is some fairy gay faggot shit there. 
Quick daily reminder: all of this could have been avoided if the Republicans weren't a bunch of faggots and had simply called the vote after the hearings. 
No, the faggot was the bravest one in the room on this one, this fiasco is entirely the fault of the bitches. Flake, Murky and Collins. 
Half Nigger Pig Fucking Globalist Piece Of Shit! 
Tell this no talent cunt whore shut the fuck up 
This is what Democracy looks like! When every retard in the country has an opinion that we are forced to concern ourselves with. 
Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books. To actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
They're just a bunch of fat, pathetic Incels who are too lazy for self-improvement, and too stupid to have meaningful, informed political views. A Socialist is a Socialist, and National Socialists are by far the most vile of the lot! 
You are mindlessly ignoring the "National" part of Ns. They were Nationalists & lefties/commies hate nationalism. I could use your retarded argument "Nazis are Socialists, and Socialists are Leftists; therefore, National Socialism is of the Left. " & claim based on the term National in Ns they were of the right. However, it is a bit more complicated. 
That’s what I was gonna say. Not defending communism or anything, but the poster forgot to mention that those are nigger cities. That’s how those are going to be regardless of who’s in charge, unless you keep a clamp down on the niggers, but they won’t do that. 
That's the last straw. I'm going to boycott nigger ball. Oh wait, I haven't watched it for decades. 
Ones a shit always a shit no wonder people been say about her ever sence she born had smelly shit stuck to dress give me hug fuck of dirty cunt farted pedo 
My socialist sister is in strange 3. She flies into a fury and goes full retard when his name is mentioned. 
Wow, the moral depravity it strong in their family. No wonder why she is such a nigger loving piece of shit. 
Only a Demorat cocksucking pussy hating faggot would down post this! 
Snowflake cunt 
The Msm will never report on themselves or help to solve problems, they are a tool to stir up the mess so the left can ask for more laws and power to "solve it", you guys need a few major changes to solve this problem, specially regarding the voting bills, that is retarded 
Fucking retard 
I was routinely suspended for saying fuck, and banned for calling a prominent leftist twat ‘a juvenile bitch’. Hand selected for termination by some rainbow haired latte gulper. No logic, just power tripping Ass hurt. 
They got me for dropping the cunt bomb. A lot. 
How absolutely unbelievably fascinating? A Pakistani upper crust cunt behaving badly? Impossible, said les Francais, Two thousand Muslim rape grooming gangs agree. England died and the Brits follow Blindly. 
