 i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 This is what the left is really scared of.     
 	That literally looks like a monkey. Why are we supposed to pretend it’s a person bc it’s wearing a red hat?  
 		Dumb Cunt 
 It makes you an asshole. 
 	Give it to a  soldier who has defend it , then try to burn it . Show me what a badass you really are.  The flag is helpless to stop you or fight back . Completely unnecessary act , its proves nothing and accomplishes nothing. It only shows your a ignorant weak faggot  . Like kicking a puppy ,,,  it shows how weak and worthless you are  
 So they manage to provide a whole lot of data, except a critical little nugget.   Gay men are well over half the patients who present at Sti clinics, and are probably the source of the emerging antibiotic-resistant pathogens.    
 	yup. i cant smoke in a bar because it's harmful to some faggot that's getting drunk, doing drugs & having an Std potluck with the boys later. seems legit.  
 Hi there, i,m Keith, i hope you are doing well, i would be very honored to get to know you if you would be interested?  
 	Fuck off 
 		wow, what a rude cunt  
 you sound like a faggot  
 Hi developers, give us a follow for updates and help with Gab’s Api.  
 	Stop The Racisism On Here, It Is Despicible. 
 		Lol you can't even spell it nigger 
 Well, you are the fuckers that lit the match -  
 	Lock That Racist Nigger Up!   What Kids You Been Fucking?  Man They Are All Ingrates, Lowest Forms Of Life On  The Planet>  Worthy Of Death, Run MOTheR Fuckers< Run< We Are Cmoing And We Will Bring The Peoples Wrath Down OnTO YouR Sick Heads! 
 	Does the blind guy even know what the sign says? 
 		Hey retard and cross dresser! I'lll say nigger all I want, and a nigger still has to get a job an earn money like my white privileged honky ass! Kill your self! 
 So after 6 years and nearly 11K followers, Twitter suspended my account.  I am still bugging them to give specifics as to why and appealing, but not getting anywhere.     Need to find my friends here! Anyone? 
 	You won't find any friends here by whining about how mean twitter was to you.  
 		Another dumb ass vile nigger in that gif. It is rich thanks to kikes & stupid perverse Whites.  Hate it when people use mud scum or White scum gifs to make their points unless the target is the scum. Usually not the case. He has done lots of anti-White crap to include videos promoting decapitating White woman but since he became a trumtard he is now supposedly cool.  
 Who is the Real nigger in the woodpile?    
 Like. I literally addressed this point and you completely ignore it, like a stupid retard nigger. 
 Kanye West Stands by the Second Amendment: ‘We Have the Right to Bear Arms’  
 	 hey damn white fools.in some of Kanye's songs he has called upon blacks to get guns to kill white people. that's why he supports the 2nd Amendment. so blacks can get guns to kill whitey! 
 		you are not just  a stupid nigger lover. but also extremely naive. 
 Nordic Identitarian Confirmed 
 	Why is this nigger Tariq Nasheed so desperate to look like a white man? I don't have  account so I cant ask. Can you?  
 Diversity Hire Ii: the Rapening 
 	Kamala Harris The Sjw Slut !   Slept With A Nigger To Advance Her Political Carrer ! 
 I don't like you, fuck the people that follow you don't give a shit enough about what you post to read it, why the hell would I sort threw that retard garbage?     "you win some you lose some"    Thats not even applicable, you dense fucker. 
 No. Shut up faggot they are clones of Jordan Jereb  
 Right! And Kavanagh was a serial gang rapist and massive drunk.    And Kanye is a crazy nigger who can't read.    (((You guys))) and your fuckin' labels. We all know who is producing the massive amount of gay porn in this country. 
 Hey , I was born and bred in Brooklyn, New York by a Puerto Rican mother & an Italian father. Ask me if Gab is "Muh White Supremacists Safe Space"! I Dare You!    White Supremacists Still Have a Safe Space Online    
 	white supremacist.anyone who is not a nigger loser. 
 Muh dick is the nigger sockpuppet line, ugly children applies though. Id stick more to the kicked out of every country they ever existed in and are natural parasites line, since its actually grounded in reality and just a fact that cant be argued against. 
 Ellison: I’m Considering Resigning From the Dnc    
 	Good fucking dirty muzzie 
 Nigger sows make good Nigger repellent because of their looks and smell 
 Only pussies & jews like to silence. Why does obvious evidence offend u so much ? Well pussies & jews force ppl to mute with their faggot pedo porn. So what I’m sayin is don’t start w ur pedo porn u pussy jew.  
  
 	Is this peak redneck  
 	Is this peak redneck  
 Nobody wants your nigger loving whore, she is yours, nigger! 
 Obama spent 8 years blaming Bush for bad economy, now he has spent 2 years taking credit for  success in the economy. What do we call this?     
 	Nigger 
 Some do Jon, but it's downright retarded to suggest that all Jews do. All faiths have some wicked people carrying their banner I imagine. 
  
 	A queer nigger on a sissy bike . The bike needs to be pink I think lol  
 Why must you be so rude? Are you angry that my people are superior? Fortunately, there is nothing you can do about it. Be mean to me all you want. You will never be anything more than a replaceable component to be put to work. Enjoy your Sunday, back to work on Monday. Meanwhile, I shall enjoy my glorious life. Maybe I will go golfing. 
 	how does lying, cheating, stealing, murdering and being a treasonous faggot make you superior?  
 So I get doxxed and flamed and I'm just supposed to close my Gab account, cancel my trip to the border and hide in shame?    Well, if they had something hard that actually embarrassed me, I might consider that.    Ah, silly shitlibs.    This ain't my first rodeo and this ain't the first time I've been "doxxed".    You got nothing. 
 	Apparently some people fear that you will commit journalisms. In public 
 		My "journalism" will probably devolve into everyone hearing a hillbilly (me) screaming "Holy crap!  Did ya see that!"  I will deliver my best, but I won't guarantee it will look profession. 
 		My "journalism" will probably devolve into everyone hearing a hillbilly (me) screaming "Holy crap!  Did ya see that!"  I will deliver my best, but I won't guarantee it will look profession. 
 So far, no fairy gay faggot tranny porn. Nice! :) 
 This is a beautiful thang. 
 	Good Heavens.  Sucker punches like two against one is nigger fun.  
 Lol, he's here to proclaim he's wrong again about the Kavenaugh accuser.  :D  He's a retarded homo, but at least he's persistent. :D  That's the perfect foot soldier for white supremacists. 
 What a shit show. Go to wwf if you want to just hug your damn opponent. That isn't fighting. 
 		I'll break you. I'll beat the nigger cum out of your cocksucker 
 Why would Commie Twitter Ban Him ?    Shouldnt be a Surprise     
 	At least the nigger tells the truth about the yids.Watch him on JewTube 
 Donald J. Trump Retweeted   Melania Trump   Thank you Malawi!      9:50 am - 5 Oct 2018 
 	What has Malawi ever done for the West?  The only thing they're good at is taking our resources and begging for more gibs. 
 		Fuck up Jew Cunt 
 	   
 		Cheering on censorship.   That's Gab's palace guard. A bunch of scum who want users banned for their opinions.   That was always what Side stood for. 
 			You cheered on censorship with the doxxing of side   What goes around comes around 
 				Sidephase was lobbying to ban users. 'Two down, two to go', he said.   Then he was gone. 
 					That was a quick 180 dread 
 						I would never have doxxed Side.   But I don't miss him. 
 							Wow, even I don’t bitch about Side for days on end the way you do! I don’t even have to make stuff up to truthfully be angry at him.   Side leaving Gab was a chickenshit move looking back at it. But between the doxing  innocent ppl & yelling at good friends & major fuck up with his girlfriend (me).  He felt it was the right choice.   At the time, it was his choice, he wasn’t asked, it wasn’t pleasant but he took the out. Side felt it would protect everyone.  It hasn’t but your bullshit comments really take the cake.      cc:           
 								That should be your final word, Bb.if he wants to continue to drone on about Side, let it be to himself. You've said all you have to about it.  
 									I still like kicking the retard from time to time over his normal bs.but this I came back to after a long trip.yeah, dumbass screwed up this time. 
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 		Nah. This ain’t it, chief.  
 		Nah. This ain’t it, chief.  
   These are your supposed allies  wake the fuck up, research the Bolshevik revolution and holodomor, if you are white, heterosexual and Christian, your an enemy combatant! 
 		Goyim know, what is my kind? 
 		I want the truth, we are not getting it! 
 		 
 		 
 	You just have to be an illiterate  apartment renter and oblivious to the Balfour Declaration, Holodomor, Haavara Agreement,  Katyn Massacre and you can join this Kike cult! 
 The     Michael Avenatti's horrible, very bad week: Lawyer hit with avalanche of legal, financial and personal woes    
 	Lol The     ‘Megyn Kelly Today’ canceled by Nbc, co-anchors to take over    
 		she's a stunt cunt for the jew news who tossed her under the bus after losing her usefulness. Ever since her 1st question to Trump in the primaries I've hated this shit excuse for a reporter. Then she affirmed it in an interview with Putin; you're an egomaniacal Thot who's finally got what she deserves. 
 You been negatively gearing your score recently? You been pissing off some kikey nigger lovers?  
 Donald Trump Suggests Someone Is Paying Migrants in Caravan   
 	He also suggested he was being spied on, Sweden was out of control, the existence of a deep state, that mainstream media was fake news, that Elizabeth Warren wasn't a native American,  
 		And here you go you Npc faggot  
     All we want is truth, justice, and 2 million in cash. 
 	This does not happen with white males that die in custody. It`s amazing how all these Nigger criminals are all home loving, church going, choir boy`s. Lordy, Lordy, praise Jesus. 1 dead Nigger = Result. 
 He turns around, he starts pointing to me. He’s talking to the people at the table, just rattling on about how ‘White people are the devils are the world, I hate white people, we should get rid of white people.’  ^^ created by Cnn   
 	If you are sitting at a table minding your own business and some violent third world retard starts attacking you, give him the Han Solo treatment and shoot him with your gun under the table. 
 	Your obsession denotes you are a Jew or a retarded christian zionist 
 Nigger please. 
 Is this that casino nigger ken younous? 
 The anti-fa punks are planning to gather in cities nationwide for the mid term elections to cause havoc, chaos and attack Trump supporters.   We Can Longer Remain On The Sideleines Watching. We Have To Meet TheM Head On             #Usa             @6549lmartin                                          ,                                                                                @LBrooksRD                           
 	It was probably an Antifa member who down-voted this post. 
 		I downvoted this. Fighting the jews lowest foot soldiers to then be arrested by Jewish owned cops and spend 5-10 years in a jewish run nigger filled prison is not .  
 Astronaughts should stick to what they know best. getting out there in space.perhaps the silly cunt should take his helmet off next time he's having a spacewalk. Fuck me these lefty scum give me the literal shits.and some of these useless cunts think that having fucked the good ole Usa up the ass with their liberal crapola they can move to New Zealand 
 Resistance Leader Remains Silent On Ellison    
 	somebody should rape and kill her, its the muzzie way 
 Rapper T.I. takes a swipe at Kanye West and  with video of inappropriate Melania Trump lookalike  
 	this be a nigger running around yelling  'where all da white wimmin at'? 
 Another picture that is worth a thousand words. She is at an orphanage in Kenya in this photo.   The kids wanted to pray for her.   This is a First Lady -   This is Our 1st Lady of the United States of America and I am proud to share   Amen                
 		you want talk scripture, Ive read the bible cover to cover 5 times. I would humiliate your googled "knowledge" and memorised media propoganda scriptures taken out of context.  Bless Israel refers too the land not a race. The bible very specifically says race doesn't matter. Hundreds of times.   Cunt 
 It's weird how you're the one who knows about it, but you're claiming that everyone else goes.  So weird. 
 	wierd how everyone is gay except for you.  Must be one of those "the world is wrong and you are right" conundrums that petulant teenagers go through!  except, you are a jew, and you are doing the petulant teenager routine, well into your 40's 
 		Who said everyone is gay except for me?  So far, I've said you're gay. 
 			quick check of your feed proves this is a blatant lie. 
 				Oh, my feed showed I said everyone in the world is gay except for me?  Show me. 
 					You still believe you are important?  Lol, how cute. 
 						Guess you couldn't.  I win again.  As per usual. 
 								I use you as a shield? 
 								I use you as a shield? 
 The Nfl is a jew ploy! To over pay Niggers to unbalance the White Economy and enrich them enough to infiltrate traditional White Communities to break ground for more Nigger invasion! 
 Torba’s decision to ban Loli porn is justified.   Animations that sexualize children are a slippery slope to sexualizing real children.   It’s a disgusting concept and it isn’t freedom of speech, it’s content that caters to pedophiles.  Plain and simple. 
 	The retarded tv generation is into some retardedly not attractive porn.  
 I want one.    I don't care.   Call me a faggot.   I'll be that faggot without that cold sore from a herpes or Hep  infected glass that was haphazardly washed. 
 Jack Dorsey admits it was a "joke" when he said Twitter stood for free speech   
 	I wanna beat Jack Dorkey's face to a blood y pulp, just for the fun of it   Does that make me a bad person? 
 		Start by ripping that snot ring out of his faggot nose. 
 	Hmmm. I'd rephrase it.   The divide is between the electorate and the globalists.  Everything the globalists do is to rob the electorate of sovereignty. 
 		Given the white electorate Started with the sovereignty, I wonder who this new (((globalist))) could be? 
 			Another lunatic Jew hater to mute. 
 				I guess that's 351, huh? Acknowledging that a certain group of (((people))) are over represented in the "New World Order" (tm) is now "lunatic Jew hating". 
 						When "it" was penned is irrelevant. It is a fact that there is a clear and massive over representation, far in excess of the "over-representation" of straight, white, heterosexual, Christian men, of a certain (((group))) in the fields of business, finance,  politics, government, media, and entertainment that drives the developing one world government and structure. These same Jews care about race every bit as much as virtually every other race, except white people. 
 							  Believe me, blacks and Latinos are obsessed with race.  They are the racists.  They are so racist that they believe We are racist.  The reason the vast majority of whites are Not racist is bc they have been relentlessly hammered year after year, decade after decade, to be terrified of being called or thought of as s racist.  If you are even remotely perceived as being racist, you can expect to be socially gang raped in your business, circle of friends, your community, or your constituents.  You can expect to be ostracized and lose your job without consequence to your employer.  You wanna know what white people are racist?  White people that have a lot of experience with blacks where their numbers have reached a kind of critical mass where they lose fear of law enforcement, and have the numbers tovexact physical violence on those who stand up to them, and never one on one.  You have a problem with one, you now have a problem with their entire circle of friends.  The racist white people are the white people that have to live around them, go to school with them, have to workbwith them, and go to the same grocery store and same wal mart they do.  If you’re not racist, you don’t live around them, or you are a sucker ass chump punk wyte boi that deserves to be forced to live in the heart of the ghetto.   
 								some are. just like some whites are. anyone who obsesses over race is a racist. this includes you. you don't get to act like SJWs and act like it's cool when you do it. it's not.  if you think you're being discriminated against, get proof, take them to court. we're already seeing Title Ix changing pace in some colleges. Blacks are 13% of the population. 
 														no no, you wanted to talk Section 8. this was Your point, now you want to drop it when it blows up in your face? like i said before. Typical Wn CLOWn. 
 	Poc = Piece of Cunt ? 
 Who is more grotesque? A White who 
 		I won't even adjust the timing on an engine anymore for fear of using the R word.  
 		I won't even adjust the timing on an engine anymore for fear of using the R word.  
 	So glad to see these morons wrecking themselves .  
 	Unbelievable  
 	Start with Deport All Muslims 
 		The Future Belongs 2 Those Who Destroy islame 4 The Sake Of Humanity! 
 	Is it in Spanish too? 
 	Yeah.forget that the sign implies violence against those who wear a Maga hat.ignore that.the real issue for Nyc is the "unlawful defacement of city waste baskets".sad. 
 		Great observation, Kc. It does imply violence.   Do they know anything but hatred and violence? I think we know the answer to that question. 
 		Sadly but true. 
 	Depiction of White People, this is Pure Racism! 
 Barack Obama is half nigger and half Jew. But's he's 100% demon from the pits of hell. 
 		Rex your a funny guy. The cabal or elites want never ending war to control you or kill you, to keep you in fear seems to be working well.  
 				Blaming "boomers" for your inadequacies won't cut it. Go find something else to whine about.  
 					I know you have had a lot of experience voting for devil worshipers.  Then walking it back.   Then pretending like it's the kids who built this culture.   Be the whole world is looking at you in amazement.  
 						Iss't this great.  All these boomers do is blame the kids for how messed up the world that they built is.    A sad generation. 
 							The blame is spread across multiple generations, we are the first set of generations to be Awake, the cleanup is on all of us. 
 								The boomers never engaged in protests that shut down traffic. Boomers never set fire to buildings and looted innocent stores.  Boomers never attacked people who spoke their minds. Boomers never engaged in trans-gender surgeries. Get a clue, dummy. 
 														Good point, Kenton----I agree. C'mon over for a beer. 
 A quote from some random place on net, just posted here because it's funny  and true :   "Civil liberty and freedom in America? That's a fucking myth. You can't even "not bake cakes" for faggot marriage without being insulted as a bigot." 
 Sjws Whine That Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Is Not Black Enough To Play John Henry  Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson is getting flack for casting himself as an African-American folklore legend in an upcoming.   Daily Mail - OCToBER 12, 2018     
 	Yet they have no problem casting blacks in white roles. I dont want to see a nigger playing George Washington. Fuck the idiots 
 I'd totally go on that show 'my lottery dream home' when I win the 1.6 billion tonight if that faggot that hosts the show lets me run him over with a steamroller in the driveway of the mansion I choose. Gay faggot. 
 Read that clearly! The violence and screeching and screaming will not stop until they are in control! Let them pitch their hissy fits like 2 year olds and thugs - keep arresting them or ignore.   We Will Not Stop Winning ! Fight!      Elaine 
 	Cunt 
 It is impossible to figure out, if you're a 5 year old.   Or maybe 85. There are a lot of retards here so even retarded people can figure it out. So what is it, stupider than the retarded? 
 New Jersey: Muslim inmate sues jail, charging discrimination against Muslims         
 	looks like a nigger to me 
 My Prediction: By 2022 we're going to see two landmark cases in the U.S. Supreme Court.    U.S. vs Clinton and U.S. vs Obama.   What do you guys think the decison will be?   My guess is 5 to 4. 
 		That might be tough. I’ll bet that nigger has money spread Out all over the world. That $6 billion he and Cankles stole from the state department is probably spread around to hundreds of banks. They need to send Delta Force in to take his ass out. You know those guys would love to take out Obama. 
 Red nigger skunks aren't people  you know that 
 That's not a "reason" Kalama . it's a "campaign slogan" - Kind of like Hillary's "Stronger Together" - Yet, all she's done is tear this country apart   Results matter - Jobs Jobs Jobs vs. Those jobs just aren't coming back -   . I'll stick with the magic wand 
 	i wonder if her views on equality include a quality cunt kicking session? 
  
 	Give the Boer refugee status in America then cut all foreign aide to South Africa and their neighboring countries. When communist China picks up their tab and they're begging for the white devil to save them like the nigh jeers in Zimbabwe are, put economic/trade sanctions on them and watch them fucking starve. 
 		No China wants control of Africa for its resources. Just like the rest of the elites. Gold and Diamond mines etc. 
 			That's what I was saying. The only reason world powers give out foreign aide is to control smaller countries. But under the control of China they'd lose their black population just like Uganda. With every passing day, these functionally retarded (average Iq of 65) people put themselves into a deeper hole for their future. I say let them burn.  
  Endorses ‘Collateral Damage’ to Those ‘Who Do Not Share Our View’: ‘So Be It’ -   More Headlines:  
 	Get on the Front line Cunt ! Quit mouthin off & Get out there !  
 check out my music page    
 		fuck off nigger boy 
 Nypd Looks to Charge 9 Proud Boys With Assault for Manhattan Fight  Three protesters described as antifa are also wanted after police say they threw bottles and punches during the incident.   >> Masked Antifa attacked & suckerpunched some Proud Boys and got their asses kicked, which is why the Nypd arrested three Antifa attackers and no Proud Boys. I am just about certain they are now moving to charge the Proud Boys at the direction of uberliberal Mayor DeBlasio.   (Daily Beast)    
 		Actually, I am glad they are willing to get into the faces of the left on their own turf. The left should not be allowed to own any portion of America totally unopposed. 
 		They own the cities.  They are asking to be imprisoned and raped.  Get Out Now. 
 		The British and their Tory allies once owned Boston, until a few brave patriots stood up to them, some at the cost of their own lives. Freedom is not free. Running away like cowards is not the American way. The Proud Boys are doing the right thing for our nation. We should support them any way we can. 
 		The demographics of Boston Circa 1775 was quite different from today's New York City.  New York City is not America.nor is L.A., Sf, Austin, Miami or a plethora of other cities.   They do not acknowledge your right, accorded to you by God, to defend yourself with a weapon.  Why make excuses for the caulk suckers in the city?  Fuck'em. 
 		Please do not falsify my views. I made no 'excuses' for any libs, and you know it.  We give no ground to the enemy. If you want to surrender chunks of America to leftists, you are entitled to your opinion, but do not expect me to agree with such defeatism. 
 		If you live in these enclaves you are feeding the beast with your talent (work), taxes, an tacit consent to rule you.  You are arguing for fraternization with the enemy. 
 		Donald Trump lives in Nyc. So do a lot of conservatives that fight leftism every day of their lives instead of running in the face of overwhelming odds. They will cede no ground to the enemy. This is the true American spirit. 
 		Show me where the leftists are losing due to these "heroic" conservative warriors. 
 		Show me where the leftists are losing due to these "heroic" conservative warriors. 
 What a complete brainwashed cunt - I feel horrible for her kids - we should probably call Cps to make sure theyre safe 
 I got your Merrick Garland swinging between my legs nigger fuck! 
  
 	the muslim nigger obamaosama needs dead 
 Zuckerberg Faces Anger Over Facebook Exec's Kavanaugh Support.  
 	How retarded can people get?   Don’t ask. 
 Jewish owned Global banking giant Goldman Sachs has declared that curing patients of terminal illnesses, such as cancer, is not a "sustainable business model."      Jews are our Friends, right Israel-Firsters? 
 	Michael, are you a child, or do you just act that way on the Internet? Supposing that American Jew's are in any way associated with Jew's in their native land (Israel), is so ignorant as to call into question your sanity. Judaism in America is in no way a reflection of that in Israel. In America it has taken the least path of resistance, and gone full leftist. 
 		As I said previously, you argue like a child, although with additional feedback I'd argue a retarded one at best.  
 			"Sorry son, at least I asked Republican voters to build something new."   Still cuts both ways. 
 				I built what I could. I was slandered, deplatformed, left on an island alone. It wasn’t just Antifa, police, Fbi, the right wing viciously attacked me. Based Stickman tried to gouge my eyes out in a hotel, proudboys shut down our event Antifa style, my family was threatened and despite everything I did the slander was believed and what I built was destroyed 
 					I’m afraid it will be nothing to what my son will face if something doesn’t change 
 						I don't see how the current trajectory will change if whites remove themselves from the political process.   That's why I stopped talking to libertarians and AnCaps. 
 							   I don’t think street action and movement building are abstention from the political process. Continuing to vote for people who don’t represent your interests and who desperately cater to people who hate you is worse than abstention imo   Blm disrupting a Bernie’s sanders event during the election is why those people have power. 
 								They won’t wake up because we continue to vote for them. So they work for votes they aren’t getting. If they get scared for one election they might worry about what their white constituents want a little more. 
 												Jared   I love Ron Paul  but unfortunately ya caan't do much with a cunt hair  or even a red cunt hair 
 	Why, that's Michael. However, I'm looking at Bush Sr. and it appears Satan has already claimed 60% of him before his final breath. Seems like a breach of contract to me. 
 	oh yeh.I should have known 
 	Hahaha, Goddamn, that photo is depressing.  Do you think Bush is still in on the blood orgies?  
 	  that's a hoot! 
 	 . I don't think so. Looks to me like they have been draining him cause hes bout to go anyway. He's takin one for "the Gipper"! 
 	Scull and Bones.all of them! 
 	 Bingo! 
 	 Bingo! 
 .@Alyssa_Milano: if men have a hard time right now that is the way it has to be for us to have the equality and security in our country.   
 	Poor stupid cunt doesn't have an once of brain matter.needs to get a better script writer. 
 	Poor stupid cunt doesn't have an once of brain matter.needs to get a better script writer. 
 Breaking  Trump Prepared To Cut Un Funding Over Its Support For Illegal Migrant Caravan   
 	then tell Trump to quit preparing and just do it! 
 			im starting to question if the butler plan is going to be enough. 
 				I think we need a few nukes 
 					i think we need to get our hands on Dr. Vladimir Gavreau's research  
 						I think it's time that rap music be given 7Hz backbeats. It'll sound great in nigger cars. 
 I will be teaming with borzoi from poz button for a new program. Stay tuned! 
 	A chinaman and a commie teaming up? The great proletarian cultural revolution is upon us! 
 October 15, 2018   Treason: Trudeau Government Trying To Help Isis Terrorists  Including ‘Jihadi Jack’  Come To Canada   Fair Use:       ~ Spencer Fernando 
 	well, obama's gone, somebody has to do it. 
 		sort of sad Obama is gone. all us white boys need to have a nigger around to laugh at  ( < : 
 'lier'? Are you a retard or something? 
  
 	Useless nigger 
 I hope this isn't red on red crime? 
 	how is that possible, since small pox hasn't been in the world since 1973 or so? 
 		how is a person a retard by stating facts? 
 I still remember one of my followers, keep in mind a GamerGater, got on my case a few weeks ago when I said that MovieBob was a pedophile   "Umm, Carl, that's pretty damning, you can't just say that, where's your proof?"   Proof, you dumb fucker? Proof is this fat needle dick faggot rubs up against little boys while wearing a mario costume.   Just wait a year for "proof" 
 .People shouldn't be scared into thinking that they won't ever have a 2nd opportunity to prove they can be righteous. Yes, the first time they die is appointed for them so they can "See" what the end results of sin bring, i.e. nuclear war and total decimation of the population. but the 2nd death is the one that is eternal, not the first one. 
 	Book, chapter, verse? 
 		Asking you a question is "spewing lies"? Nutcase. I didn't ask you to impress me. I asked you where I can verify your position in scripture. That's when you acted like the cunt you are. Way to represent Yah! Bitter little idiot. 
 The DailyStormer is responsible for the pro-Trump spam. Weaponizing anti-Semitism they're able to divide Jews into two groups: Liberals and Zionists. By demonizing the open-border Jews they effectively tie anti-Multiculturalism to the pro-Zionist movement. Jews create the problem only to offer their own solution. DailyStormer is Mossad. 
 	Mossad's got the lulz! 
 		Oh, sorry to reply out of turn. I'm retarded :3 
 I see you'll play your little lawyer game until you Can'T answer my question, , then you shut up and pretend it never happened.   Good luck crying about guns here on Gab, you're gonna need it. 
 	You're just mad because I pointed out that you don't know your ass from your elbow. 
 		Lol. A California faggot who has never seen a Glock pretends to be a lawyer on Gab on a mission to sue them.   Keep running your cocksucker, it's raining here today, and I'm bored. 
 Let the individuals been Seen and Heard  
 	Npc Nasty Pathetic Cunt 
 She thinks she’s relevant enough to be recognized in public.   Imagine being this egotistical over simply not being shot. 
 	dumb cunt thinks her opinion has done anything but increase gun sales and add gun owners  bitch needs one of these.  
 Da fuck is this all about? Lurking around graveyards at night   
 	What the fuck! Debbie is a proper fucking smackhead! It probably all started in graveyards. sniffing glue when she was 10. 
 			Haha Silence Debbie. you filthy fucking smackrat! 
 				I can't tell if she's kinda hot or if she kinda looks like a Flounder.  
 					Waynetta.  
 					haha she ain't hot. bag 
 				she can't she has to give it away for some weed what a ferking dog 
 			Cum to muh bedside, Lucy Labianca.  I've got some girth that'll make you squeal.   Call me 'Groper Von' when you climax.    
 			Cum to muh bedside, Lucy Labianca.  I've got some girth that'll make you squeal.   Call me 'Groper Von' when you climax.    
 ***Important Notice***   As you know, many Conservative accounts, actually Thousands, have recently been purged from Facebook for "fake news".    This account, DeepStateNation, is run by a leftist woman by the name of Conover Kennard, who posted my husband's and my personal information in one of her "articles", including our names, the town we live in and other private information.    She actually called the police department and threatened them, claiming if they didn't fire my husband she would make them regret it.  What a loon.     Yes.  The police just laughed but her followers sent death threats, rape threats to myself and our child, threatened to kill my pets, etc.    Her actions had consequences for us that lasted over a year.  Leftists, following this woman's lead, even came to our home, placed dead animals in our yard, filed false reports with Dcfs and swatted us, in an attempt to have us killed.     I could not let our child out of my sight.  Her followers posted photos of themselves in my town.     Why am I telling you this?   Because I need a favor.     I am asking you to report the page as fake news and ask everyone you know to do the same.     Just click on the dots in the upper right corner of each article and follow the prompts.     This is one way to put the left in their place.     Please Help Me.     Please share this post on all your social media.       And this page as well, please.        People like this need to be eradicated by any means necessary.     This woman cannot get a job.  Her blog is her only source of income. 
 	No, Andie. Ms. Kennard, as it turns out, is Not the owner of DeepStateNation. Please do try to get your facts straight (I know that's a challenge for you) before fooling your rube followers into going on another harassment campaign. Ps: You are still a yuuuuge punchline on Twitter. You're welcome! 
 		The heroin addict certainly is the author.  Tell her to say goodbye to her account. 
 			Angela Schmidt Pauly is unable to read analytically. Were she able to, she would notice both stylistic and grammatical distinctions between my writing and Conover's. There are two other things she needs to know: 1) I know her husband. 2) Conover kicked her addiction to heroin whereas Angela cannot kick her addiction to needing attention. 
 			Angela Schmidt Pauly is unable to read analytically. Were she able to, she would notice both stylistic and grammatical distinctions between my writing and Conover's. There are two other things she needs to know: 1) I know her husband. 2) Conover kicked her addiction to heroin whereas Angela cannot kick her addiction to needing attention. 
 Est!   Not white people she said, women specifically.   This Jewish supremacist woman means white men deserve no civil or human rights. 
 	 I've never met a lisa that wasn't a cunt 
 So let me get this straight.   Because you're an illegal spic in San Francisco you get to vote?   Well I guess if you murder.you've earned the right to vote in San Fran. 
 Maxine Waters is seemily lacking in her ability to unite people of all colors, religions, or creeds together as exemplified by her divisional and biotry that sets her up there with the likes of Sneaky Al Sharpton. Apparently Martin Luther King and his philosophy of uniting, and kindness  didn’t impress Maxine in her long political, and criminal time in politics!    
 	Fuck this retarded whore out of office 
  
 	Lesbos.so that's where that word comes from! Dyke Island. 
 you absolute moron.   
 	identity politics is retarded on both sides. Wake up man, he was just as bad as the "Drumpf is Hitler" lefties.   
     Who knew trolling an Npc in full meltdown could be so much fun :) Another Oz Rock classic for my mate     From the group that changed it's name while touring the Usa to avoid confusion with a preexisting group.   Icehouse - Great Southern Land    
 	kangaroo dick sucking hippy faggot 
 And Yet you don't have the balls to do any Purging .so stfu and just keep doing your Little trolling you little faggot Nazi wannabe 
 took me 3 minutes but i hacked your webcam.also have your browser history.man-on-man porn ?  you filthy fat assed faggot ! go take a bath ! 
 Look at the logo on the truck, what do you see? It’s the same people who are running the ships that bring Africans into Europe. Why would these allies of ours be flooding our country with the refuse of the third world? We are being destroyed, not by a superior army or an act of God, but by our fear of being called anti-semites. 
 	Bs.  You're lying.  You don't do your cause any good by lying. 
 		Imagine writing out all of that and yet not having a single sentence explaining why it is retarded to believe Jews are behind the migration when there is a Star of David on the truck. Who is the real retard? 
 Obama Takes More Swipes at Trump: He’s ‘Just Blatantly, Repeatedly, Baldly, Shamelessly Lying’ (Video)  
 		That's something I'd even pray for! 
 		That's something I'd even pray for! 
 I'm just gonna leave this here. 
 	I think Kanye saw through Taylor Twat Swift before any of us saw who she really is. I question no more about why Kanye started cracking on her by taking the microphone away.  
 For those who are confused about the true definition.   This is the epitome of an Uncle Tom.   You can almost see the gray matter leaking out of his ears. 
 	I'll take this nigger over Uncle Ron deSantis any black day of the week ending in Y. lmaooooo   
 Kanye West: Mind Control   I understand that some people think Kanye is crazy, because he kinda is, but he brings up good points   There are always people trying to manipulate what you say, what you think, and what you feel. Whether it's the Msm, T.V., Radio, Newspapers, Social Media etc   Think for yourself :p      Watch:  
 	According to Cnn, Kanye is a crazy nigger who can't read, as he helps whitey oppress the black man by giving them all jobs.  Who knew a crazy nigger could get that rich? 
 Don't let these   fool you .they are not like you. They are pure trash pretending to relate with you on moral issues when they are 100% immoral themselves. They will sometimes claim they are Christians, but ask them to elaborate and they vomit out nothing but heresy. They will chant with you against the liberal opposition coming out of  but applaud them for putting clinics in minority areas. They believe in  and . They even support  for the elderly, and underdeveloped.   A lot of them are even Scottish Rite Freemasons who's great, great grand fathers were a part of the Order of the Golden Circle that opposed the early Gop founded by   and assassinated Lincoln. It is because of their Freemasonic ranks that many of them got skipped up in ranks in the military, and police .the ones seemingly more honorable because of that really cheated.   They Are Not Your Friends!  
 		I am. As a pure Dutch-German I'm doing it by exposing the trash. Unfortunately for you the scale is of moral character, and not ethnicity. 
 		I am. As a pure Dutch-German I'm doing it by exposing the trash. Unfortunately for you the scale is of moral character, and not ethnicity. 
 Kamala Harris to Caravan: We Are A "Welcoming" Country   
 	Take about a dozen into your home, nigger bitch. 
 With the new movie "Bohemian Rhapsody" I got to know about Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of the British band "Queen" and one of the greatest vocalists of all time.   The fact that he was and continues to be admired by millions of people all over the world , in spite of not being white or straight , shows how ultimately such differences do not really matter. 
 		Or are you an Aids infested dead faggot too? 
 Welcome to San Francisco. This is Folsom Street yesterday (9/30/18). This is the California Senators Feinstein and Harris are working so hard to protect. 
 	And we don't need Aryan grooming gangs in the cities in America? Mid America, pat Boone crowd; just Imagine hordes of teens with axe handles and bats, to bring these 2 to the light for their transgressions against good order and discipline.   The very definition as to the how of making America great again. 
 			 
 			Every honest thinking man knows that God hates fags 
    Time for a bit of Zombie   Rob Zombie - Dragula    
 		aussie faggot 
    you blinked faggot 
 Genre: Electronic   Sub-genre: Breakbeat   Artist: Snoop Dogg   Song: Sensual Seduction   I'm gonna take my tiiiiime    
 	fucking nigger 
   Seriously just how retarded is this guy? 
  Breaking: Suspicious package addressed to former Director of National Intelligence Clapper intercepted in Manhattan,  reports; a 12th device.  
 	This is just getting fucking retarded 
 	In Defense Of Dylann Roof - Mir Power Hour -  
 		Nigger Pets - Mir Power Hour -   Nigger Pets Pt 2 - Mir Power Hour -  
 It's "if you kill your enemies they win" season again 
 	You would think after hearing a drooling retard like Trudeau say it no one else would?  
 Remember In November  
 		Term Limits  
 		Term Limits  
 There was this boring, but attractive, girl. She twisted my arm to read her Very failed master's thesis. Very boring person. But she had mostly cribbed from the aspie retard dude.you could drink a beer with him. Nice how she gave me a roadmap of her intellectual thieving? 
 	What seems to be the problem friend? 
 		>Maherstein Oh no. Xd 
 			Really activates the almonds. 
 			Really activates the almonds. 
 I'm changing my prediction. I see that the bombs were sent to pretty much everybody on the standard Demtard list. That means it's a newbie. Like that kid who shot up a black church. It's just some autistic retard who happened to be a Republican for reasons outside his own control. 
  
 	Dear Chelsea, Your cunt looks like a ham sandwich that has been left in the scorching heat all day. Books will be written describing your mental indoctrination by the forces of the left. 
 Seems loud and clear to me: 
 	Did you mean is not a cunt ? Here is more info for dummies    
 	Did you mean is not a cunt ? Here is more info for dummies    
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 			246 people on Gab mostly those calling themselves nazis isn't proof of jack shit. 
 				Who hurt you sweaty 
 					My momma 
 					What if it was cold outside? 
 					What if it was cold outside? 
 	People don't "White Flight" for their own amusement. It's a survival strategy. 
 		I can survive in the hood but likely nit good for my mental health as i get older.  
 		Why have u all turned into npc grey?  
 		If you have kids, an immediate "White Flight" woud be imperative, but as you grow older you will likely become the target of black-on-white racial violence. Bite the bullet. Wrong hill to die on. 
 		I changed my entire header theme. My old profile pic was of me playing sax from about 2003. I'm not playing music very much now, and I removed the banner of Taylor Swift singing in front of a swastika because she is a fat traitor Sjw whore now. I went for a clean, positive, futuristic look. 
 		Shame bout taylor swift. I still liked the banner tho.  
 		I guess im waiting for that broke arse chick, that wants to leave the hood too.  It worked last time for 10 years and have a bunch of great kids, now adults.  
 		I guess im waiting for that broke arse chick, that wants to leave the hood too.  It worked last time for 10 years and have a bunch of great kids, now adults.  
 Trump meets Kanye West at the White House   
 		You a pink pussy hat wearer.#SocialistShitBallSack! 
 		You a pink pussy hat wearer.#SocialistShitBallSack! 
  
 	That pasty cunt wouldnt know what hit it, if it came down to shooting! 
        @a                   
 	No Commie Niggers For Gov. We Already Had A Commie Nigger For Pres. 
 Jay always lets someone else think for him since he cannot do it himself!  Thats how monkey brains are!  His Retarded brain can't actually understand Real facts so he posts articles which have Lies written by the same filthy Racist askeNAZI Jews to emphasize that he does not have a functioning brain!  He won't ever debate nor ever give a Fact, but he will always call you stupid which he obviously is!  When you can't debate, character assassinate! His intellectual deficiencies are immense! 
  
 	So wait, you mean the Hamas that is prevented from leaving Gaza by the heebs, and need every penny to buy rockets to kill idf. That Hamas?   Well if they did, some kike paid for their airfare.   Most americans arent as inbred and retarded as Israelis. 
 1-what were niggers doing to other tribes they conquered in africa ? i bet using and abusing them as much they could . mean while notice that hannibal-attila the hun-ghengas khan-etc were trying to conquer/enslave europe time after time . all earths history being vicious war after war for territory.now though in nigger minds its all whiteys fault . 
 2016 bought us . what?   A huge surge in Antifa violence.  The loss of free speech on the internet. The destruction of monuments all over the country. It has been worse than 8 years of Obama ever was and it was all for the sake of cutting the taxes of Jack Dorsey and Mark Zuckerberg and loosening financial regulations for Wall Street 
 		Did you hear about the Second and Third caravan forming in Central America? That's because the first one made it through in April and this one is on the way. It is up to the White House and Congress to deal with this and both are controlled by the Gop 
 		Did you hear about the Second and Third caravan forming in Central America? That's because the first one made it through in April and this one is on the way. It is up to the White House and Congress to deal with this and both are controlled by the Gop 
 No one should be surprised that the Democrats are so determined to import hordes of low-Iq Spanish-speaking peasants from Latin America to displace working-class whites.    If only white Americans voted, the Democrats would never win another national election. 
 	On the retarded and useless require socialism to get by. And everyone i know who has above room temperature Iq can find a job pretty easily. If losing your job at the plant ruins you forever you must not be very smart. 
 Nuts 
 	Maybe that sand nigger will feel safer in Kabul. 
 What do you call a rich black guy who lets his underage kids drink alcohol?  A nigger   
 Poor Ms Emma says she’s afraid to drive down   the street without a disguise.  She wasn’t fearfull last   March when she was sticking her face on every   media show she could find.flashing the Cuban flag. 
 	I don't give a single shit what some communist dyke has to say about an event that she likely caused to happen in the first place. She admitted to harassing and bullying Cruz the psychopath murderer from Cuba.  
 The crying continues.   Don't get dehydrated from all that whinging, Soy.    
 		sounding pretty tough 
 		sounding pretty tough 
 she just proves how absolutely retarded the political elite has become, why more and more are turning to Mr Trump, he is not a politician per sa 
 McInnes sent his guys to attack y event Antifa style, that faggot deserves neck rope 
 I understand some of you think religion is important, but don't preach it at me. I don't give a shit about it if it isn't Specifically pro-White.   Your Christianity is bullshit. 
 		The Catholic church has to know the truth of our beginnings. They own and hide fucking everything. I resent, with everything that's in me, not having access to what they are privy to. I have no faith in any god. They've done nothing for mankind that I can see, and they're not coming back to save anyone.   Your current pope should be burned at the stake though. 
 			Relatively little is hidden (Third secret of Fatima, I am looking at you), Faith is a gift that comes forth from discipline. I can’t personally lay hands on the pope, but the rules arent super clear about the use of the holy hand grenade of Antioch.  It is easier to discuss faith with someone in person, but for the record I do think it is true. Explaining why is difficult, and would take hours, and would probably just irritate you if you aren’t interested in that sort of thing. 
 				Everything is hidden & wrapped in 60 layers of meaning.   Faith is not interesting to me. I will worship a god when I have proof that a) They actually existed or exist and b) I am offered a religion based that is beneficial to me and mine.   The Bible is only ancient stories retold again, that are Based In Fact. It is not true in any other way, nor divinely inspired. 
 					That’s it, put on the skirt and tights, time to get spanked. The only choice you have now is ruler or paddle. 
 						Paddle. 
 						Thuddy over Stingy. Noted.  
 					I hope someday you have the experience that can change your mind. I hope it is entirely positive. 
 						Jesus Christ can shake me hand and turn me into a turtle.   I want him to prove that he created me, or his father did as they claim. I ain't taking anybody's word for shit. 
 		I am an old long married man with adult daughters. I am not looking to get laid.  If you familiarize yourself with Catholic tradition, you will see that we expect most women are rebellious and slaves to passion. It is only through setting clear expectations and social pressure to adhere to them that any women can be helped to be virtuous.  It is in the nature of the daughters of eve.  
 			I didn't take your "flirting" in any other way.   Women aren't interesting to me either. 
 			I didn't take your "flirting" in any other way.   Women aren't interesting to me either. 
 Jon Jones vs. Alexander Gustafsson rematch to headline     
 		True. Being a Swede, he’s afflicted with a congenital submissiveness toward niggers. But he did officially win 2 rounds against Jones in their first fight (many thought he won 4) and he made Jones look ordinary. Jones has never fought while not on PEDs, so as far as I’m concerned his record gets an asterisk next to it until he proves otherwise. 
 Retard or academic?    
 This article makes me want to rip Anglin's head off even more now. A White woman was gang raped, tortured, and murdered, but because one of the blacks said that she consented if they would let her go, Ds wants you to make whore memes of her.    
 	ds understands psychology and the power of hyperbole. It's why they're effective and you're a permanent whiney loser  
 		Stormfaggots are Zog's whigger bitches. 
 	He’s a troll, that’s all. 
 	That's kinda the point. He throws fuel on flames to bask in the glow of drama. 
 	That's kinda the point. He throws fuel on flames to bask in the glow of drama. 
 Chairman Of Minnesota’s Dfl Party Doesn’t Believe Monahan, the woman who accused Congressman Keith Ellison of domestic violence.   What happened to "believe all women?"   It doesn't apply in this case because the accused is a Democrat?   Nice.   Utter Hypocrites   Democrats don't even follow the Retarded standard that they Manufactured    
 	What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entir- 
 			It's a copypasta, I didn't write it. How have you never heard of the Navy Seal copypasta, are you trolling rn? 
 			I'm not 14, and I don't live on the internet, so I'm sure that there's lots of irrelevant internet bullshit that I am blissfully oblivious to. 
 			Ew, a boomer.  
 			There's another term you might want to look up before you use it, dummy. 
 			Remember grandpa, the doctor said not to get your heart rate up too much. Did you remember to take your medicine this morning? 
 			Eww, a 14 year old. 
 Lost a couple of followers. Was it something I said? I do respond to criticism you know. 
 	I've wondered how many I've lost but never really cared that much to keep track. I get followed mostly because of my 'humor' post, but when it's time for an opinion I'm not holding back! Good for you, keep telling the truth!  
 		I do my retarded best! Tanks! 
 She also incites violence!    She’s a murderer 
 	I see your post is of course devoid of any facts. Not sure why you useless fucks post that shit, anyone smarter than you knows it isn’t true, and when I say anyone smarter than you, I mean basically everyone because you guys are fucking retarded cunts. 
 Add Onewaydotcom to the Gab censored hall of martyrs, alongside the great Jsello and the not so great Blitz and Pepe_Memes. 
 	   
 		Cheering on censorship.   That's Gab's palace guard. A bunch of scum who want users banned for their opinions.   That was always what Side stood for. 
 			You cheered on censorship with the doxxing of side   What goes around comes around 
 				Sidephase was lobbying to ban users. 'Two down, two to go', he said.   Then he was gone. 
 					That was a quick 180 dread 
 						I would never have doxxed Side.   But I don't miss him. 
 								it's quite clear that   has a crush on your boyfriend. He's just to much of a sad little e-celeb pussy to admit it. I mean, have you seen how much that faggot talks about Side? His entire page is filled with nothing but "Muh Turbogate and Muh Sidephayze botnet terrorizms" 
 Alyssa Milano: Trump Uses 'Cult-Like Force' to Communicate With Fans  
 	who cares what that skank has to say shes a nigger lover! 
 Cuckstianity is a universalist death cult whose continued profits are contingent upon a steady inflow of retards to whom they can sell everything from rosary beads to salvation. If you can't understand this, you might belong in the above mentioned retard category. 
  
 	Just Another Dyke Bitch  
 Macron: European countries will be punished financially if they do not accept migrants    
 		I am pretty sure he's done that plenty, given the photos he had taken. Only the dieing part left now!  
 		I am pretty sure he's done that plenty, given the photos he had taken. Only the dieing part left now!  
 				not good enough as Other is too vague and not Gospel, it deserved its own dedicated option and if youre to retarded to realize your rabbi prob still touches u 
 Hehehehe Riemann had issues he died and left his shit up in the library sanz, like he was trying to be smart like a retarded dove with two broken wings sanz  
 I present into evidence: the ‘brown lipstick is racist’ chronicles     
 	So is the word nigger scary to blacks? 
 Rt :     on : Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second-degree murder in the killing of Laquan McDonald.  
 Rt :     on : Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second-degree murder in the killing of Laquan McDonald.  
 		Oh, yes it is when your Illegal President is a Muzzie and brings in a million 
 Even when a member of the public solves a case & hands it to the Bill on a plate they won't act.    
 	Nothing New, I handed a Burglar with evidence of 7 Burglaries to police who informed me they were unable to arrest the Migrant piece of shit because he was an Asylumn seeker.   They the told me I could not evict the cunt from my property, you can guess the answer to that, the Imams Yellow Army put the shit in Police Taxi & had him rehoused in hours   Uk Cops Useless Cunts! 
 	A fat dyke cunt 
  
 	Saturday Night Live does a grossly offensive portrayal of police.  Police Union complains.   Dems really are against law and order, aren’t they 
 		A person has to be especially retarded to laugh at anything Snl does nowadays!  Works well for a Npc Democrat Retard though! 
 This is still one of the funniest things I've seen. 
 	lolol fucking murderous heinous cunt  
 		Poetic justice. They've spent their entire lives either ignoring, or endorsing the importation of the hoards of savages who hate them, as well as jumping through hoops in order to work against the interests/survival of our people, so it's only right that they get "taken care of" by those same barbarians they protected, or neglected.   The future will be filled with malnourished Boomers in nursing homes covered with bed sores and bruises until the 250lb transgendered nigger nursing assistant has a bad day and smothers them with a mildew stained pillow. The sad part is, they will probably be too senile to realize their horrible treatment is a punishment for a lifetime of enabling nightmare world to take root and "blossom". 
 	Its refreshing to see people say what they think lol. 
 	Its refreshing to see people say what they think lol. 
 Punished Kavanaugh is a retarded meme.  He’s already stated he’s hiring all female clerks and isn’t going to make abortions illegal.  He’s going to come out of this with an even hardened position on the need for fairness. 
  
 	His qualifications were 1.  He was Black, half-ass good looking, Harvard degree (regardless that he didn’t do much with it and it was paid for by a Saudi Prince he would be beholden to).  Typical DemonRAT crook.  Manchurian Muzzie Puppet BathHouse Barry.  The Msm refused to vet. 
 		 
 		Wish POTUs45 would unseal Obama’s records.  He should have never been president or gotten out of their primaries.  By then it should have been public knowledge he wasn’t a Us Citizen, had been using 3 Ss #’s & had gone to Occidental on Foreign Student Loan’s.  Shows you what con man can be sold by the Fake Media. 
 		The Pos was half Saudi.  Obama Sr. was Saudi Arabian & many of them are dark skinned. the Saudi's were in Kenya during the time this miserable sub human Pos was born.  So even saying he is black is a lie.  The goons used the race card to get the Pos elected. 
 		The Pos was half Saudi.  Obama Sr. was Saudi Arabian & many of them are dark skinned. the Saudi's were in Kenya during the time this miserable sub human Pos was born.  So even saying he is black is a lie.  The goons used the race card to get the Pos elected. 
 Is Megan Markle a robot?   
 	No.she's a fucking nigger 
 You don't have to tell me you're addicted to fake news. Watch out for that muzzie underneath your bed. Lol 
 Rt :    .@SenFeinstein &  voted against qualified gay nominee  for Ambassador to Germany.  Now they are already on-record opposing qualified gay nominee Patrick Bumatay for the #9thCircuit.  Even worse? Both are Their Constituents.  
 	Kamala was a huge nigger wrestler in the 80s. I see the resemblance. 
 It seems refugees are just note grateful for being saved !   Life sentence for Afghan refugee who raped and burned Finnish girl alive    
 		Smite - I like that word! 
 		Smite - I like that word! 
 Mental illness is a very real issue.   Seeing attention seeking whores pretending to be something entirely imaginary, and knowingly expecting to be labelled mentally ill for that attention deserve a trip to Yemen, or Syria. They'll get a lifetime of attention and a very stark message of reality.     
 	" Derek and Clive - cunt kicker ". on U - Tube = always worth a refresh. 
 		Ah man, those two are just brilliant, even Dudley trying not to laugh is comedy gold.  
 		Peter with the hand brake off is as good as you need. 
 		Peter with the hand brake off is as good as you need. 
 	What's going on? Is Gab going to add a block button? 
 		Yeah but they're disguising it with another name. 
 		What name? What is it? By design, Gab must not have a block button. They literally advertise that as a feature. 
 		Disassociation.   
 		I just saw it. Terrible. Gab is losing what made it unique. At least I still have freedom to say . But for how long? 
 		Maybe a week, maybe a month, maybe a year. Who knows? 
 	But muh disassociation button 
 	 At least you can get rid of Boomers calling you a pedophile apologist. Not that I think it's all that necessary. 
 	I think it is more complicated than that.  There are some people here who are just as intolerant and incapable of functional thinking as those they hate on the left. 
 After a Black man murdered a Swedish citizen, the Swedish police asked the public for help identifying him - but they blurred out his face so you couldn’t tell he was Black. 
 	 
 		Exactly, it's retarded beyond words. 
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		I'm with ya on that Could'a knocked me over with a feather I remember watching the news when Gh called for a Nwo But had No Idea what he was talking about See, I never really paid politics any attention till that damn Tranny & Faggot Kenyan began occupying the Wh That's when I started learning 
 news flash anti jew nazis on here.White People Invented Socialism Communism! so we gota hate all the whites too! if u blame jews for every evil plot u see in everything then hate ur white nazi self for being white and inventing the evil socialism communism 
 	Carl Marx and Trotsky we're Jews the Bolshevik Revolution was lead by Jews. All the communist uprisings and revolutions in Europe we're lead by Jews. Hell communism in Cuba was started out of the main synagogue there, (Wich I think is the oldest in the new world). So no, this is all bullshit. 
 		This is a retarded argument 
 Glad you can admit to being an autistic retard that wants to suck cock.  Now fuck off fag. 
 	"Bitch, your submissive whining is what makes us look bad.  I’m sure there’s plenty of nice old nigger church ladies in South Africa helping finance the ongoing slaughter of Whites over there, too."  
 Lying Cunt Bitch ! 
 Watch Henrik's interview with Millennial Woes about the suspension of his Twitter account.     A totally uncontroversial reply got Woes account - with 22K followers - suspended. 
 		Hims dindu nufin! 
 		Hims dindu nufin! 
  
 		Once again you show how fucking retarded you are you r@cist Nazi cunt. I am Aboriginal therefore unlike yourself I am most definitely not a racist Nazi cunt. Furthermore I will continue to respond to your fucking racist Nazi cunt comments. You have no authority to tell me what to do you fuckwit. 
 Watch: Pennsylvania governor candidate Scott Wagner tells Gov. Tom Wolf he's going to stomp on his face with golf spikes in an aggressive campaign video released on Facebook.  
 	A bit too aggressive there.  
 		He's a nobody that's about to get stomped in the upcoming election. But Dems are going to try to paint this retard as the spokesperson for the entire Gop. 
 fuckin skål man. skål to the fuck heil dudes fuckin odin smash your fuckin brains out and give me beer and women til valhalla 
 	 
 		actually im retarded and blind and didn't count the fingers  
 		actually im retarded and blind and didn't count the fingers  
 Super cringe. 
 	Fuck this gay earth. If this doesn't trigger that nigger jesus to come back nothing will. 
 	Lol your use of capital letters is inspiring, sadly your poor use of the English Language is not. Would expect nothing more from a low intelligence .    
 	Lol your use of capital letters is inspiring, sadly your poor use of the English Language is not. Would expect nothing more from a low intelligence .    
 No one hates a nigger like a nigger. 
 	Nothing new here. They've been bombarding us with that kind of Pc garbage for a decade. It's not happening. I think it's to overload a person's mind.  
 			That was rough times. I didn't really didn't even know who I was anymore. As if I was hit by a bolt of lightning. Sure wish that hadn't had to happen to our country. There isn't any rational for it.  
 				Its Brainwashing pure & simple. 
 				That 08 Crash was bc of Clinton repealing the Glass Steagall Act.   That was & is prt of Bad Times in Us 4 Whites Drained of our life savings.   Bolt of Lightning! 
 						(My keys r broken)   In the 90's A&E started running Tattoo contests & shows.    This was another Bs thing pulled on Whites.    It was brainwashing to start a new industry, Tattoos, a New Small Bs Biz in   America to replace Jobs to China. Another Double Fuck'n by Clinton! 
 							I know my life would be much better if George Hw Bush would have won a second term. We wouldn't had to worry about Jr there or 9/11. Sure wouldn't have had 8 years of Obozo.  
 							Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 The Poisonous Allure of Right-Wing Violence  
 	Pretty much sums up why I am not voting for these losers in November 
 		The only reason I have decided to delay my own total disconnect from the voting machine is because the democrats went ultimate full retard and Really pushed this disgruntled patriot back into the voting fold. Otherwise, I'd be standing outside the polls laughing at every Republican almost as hard as I do at the Democrats. 
 			Vote Democrat!  Mobs, not Jobs!  Safe spaces, not Safety!  Free stuff, not Freedom! 
 			The democrats are the enemy. The republicans are (usually) their Vichy allies. 
 			The democrats are the enemy. The republicans are (usually) their Vichy allies. 
 Bette Midler Tweets Women ‘Are the N-Word of the World’ 'Raped, Beaten, Enslaved'    
 	what a crock of shit. Men are the shit carriers for every moaning faced twat like her. We fight the wars, we protect her and the children. we work ourselves into an early grave to let them stay home and drink gin. What a cunt! 
 Cnn: President Trump Insults Female Journalists During Rose Garden Press Conference  
 	Then they bring in the house nigger April Ryan, and the white stooge! 
  
 	I call everybody a faggot so I guess im cool  
 Yet.you like Hard Fags.sort of Contradictory don't you suck? I mean think.you grew up with your Hillbilly Daddy fucking you.all people named Sims have turned out to be Gay!  You Sim-Ulate being human.as most Country Fuck Hillbillies do. Real Men frighten you. 
 Dumb ass Democrat Plantation Slave, and Cnn fake news pimp, Don Lemon said, that every black American "cringed" when they watched Kanye West speaking at the White House.    Golly Don, I didn't realize Every black person thinks like you. Quite the arrogant, elitist attitude!  Pigeonhole the Entire black community. That's called racism, ya stupid Dolt. 
 	Maybe he means every black faggot like him! :) 
 @a @e       
 	This video is shit. 
 		I like it though. wuz always wondering who was that faggot that made it! seems filmed in Bruxhells. 
 Upvote/Downvote Ratio Does Not Lie 
 	What significance do you attach to my ratio? I take on the human debris who come here; the nazis, fascists, antisemites, and bigots. I do it as a public service. My ratio holds no importance to me. Think of it as battle scars. 
 			What a goofy statement. We call it the human race. Perhaps you have heard of it. 
 			What a goofy statement. We call it the human race. Perhaps you have heard of it. 
 I would like to give the most dedicated retard award to  - that dumb fucker has been trolling my posts for literally fifteen days - and I would have never known it if I didn't explore the "spam" tab Lol. You're welcome to everyone who didn't have to pay attention to the asshole because he was busy yelling into an empty forest. 
 Real name Samatha Ness from Minnesota. A school teacher.    Ppl of Minnesota, if you know this person, please call the Fbi imediately.    She needs to be checked out at least. 
 		Mn Elected A Pro Wrestler Governor , And A Failed Actor/ Comedian As A Senator. This Twat Fits Right In There. Batshit Crazy State. 
 		Mn Elected A Pro Wrestler Governor , And A Failed Actor/ Comedian As A Senator. This Twat Fits Right In There. Batshit Crazy State. 
    the bottle 
 	faggot nigger 
 Rekt: 
 	hayse is a faggot 
 Meet Scott Hammond, Joyent Ceo who politically deplatformed Gab.   If you see him let him know how you feel.   Joyent is owned by Samsung.   I hereby declare a boycott of Samsung products and services until they fire Hammond.    Complain here: Officeofthepresident@sea.samsung.com 
 	Oh look. A faggot Jew. 
 Watch: Jury reads full verdict finding Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder and of 16 counts of aggravated battery in connection to the shooting death of African-American teen Laquan McDonald.     
 Watch: Jury reads full verdict finding Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder and of 16 counts of aggravated battery in connection to the shooting death of African-American teen Laquan McDonald.     
 Girl has a big problem. Her tongue and her twat both  talk at the same time and the results are garbled.  
 9th October 1976 the Ira murdered Yvonne Dunlop, 26. Married Mum of 3 murdered in Ballymena firebomb attack. Helping in father’s shop. Checking bag & shouted warning to 9 yr old son but unable to save herself. Hunger striker Thomas McElwee convicted      
 		I've explained to him. 
 		I've explained to him. 
 I attempted to watch one of his Bollywood documentaries and in the first minute or so he was bashing Andrew Jackson! Fucking curry nigger bashing the only President to say Fu to the (((bankers))). 
 The Muslim who murdered the Scottish kid, Kriss Donald, has been given a poetry award while in prison.   He gouged out Kriss Donald's eyes and set him on fire.   Rip Kriss.   I'll never forget what they did to you and how our establishment and media hushed it up. 
 	I will never forget what they did to this poor boy.    The whole world knows about the black man murdered by white men in the Uk. Wee white boy, tortured for hours and set on fire while he was still alive by Pakistanis and hush it up because community cohesions Bs.    I know what he should be given while in prison and it most certainly is not an award of any type! 
 		I was working in a house in the same street that day (decorating) and despite going outside into the street for lots of cigarette breaks I never noticed anything odd and I only found out about it when I went past the bowling club a few days later and saw lots of football scarves tied to the railings. Seems like years ago now. 
 			I remember that it was a local muzzie mp who had to fight to extradite them back from Pakistan because the Scottish govt couldn't be bothered. And he only did it to ease community tensions to avoid troubles. Sad story and indicative of how Scotland was going. 
 Excellent.  exposed yet again for her allegiance with .   
 	More dangerous than just a really stupid cunt, is a cunt that thinks they're smart, but are just as dumb as a ziplock baggie.  At least the baggie serves a purpose and is not a pain in the ass. 
    Get the nigger in the car before the rest of the herd assaults us 
 Brooks & Dunn - Hillbilly Deluxe    
 Brooks & Dunn - Hillbilly Deluxe    
 the nigger plague 
 	This post is not on her timeline. Either she deleted it or it's fake. 
 		It's real. She and Torba had an exchange over it back then. 
 		She's deleted it then 
 		Smart of her. It's going to seem only more ridiculous as time passes. 
 	We lose because we worship evil, just like the dems, rather than standing up for only good we compromise and give in to evil if it says one or 2 good things. 
 	"Blue party racist.  Orange man Ok"  - Candace Owens 
 	I like Owens but watch with some suspicion. She is dead wrong about Twitter.  
 	I like Owens but watch with some suspicion. She is dead wrong about Twitter.  
  on Nov. 6th The demoncrat party is a Communist, terrorist organization led by the liberal Fake Media: Cnn, Msnbc, Yahoo News, Washington Post, New York Times, Huffington Post, Politico, Snopes, Npr, Wsj, Time Magazine, Nbc, Abc, Pbs, Cbs, Media Matters, and Hollywood, Eu, Un, Google, Facebook, Twitter, and financed by Soros 
 	That obvious retard emily needs to re-read her idiot postings that contradict herself. "some innocent men's."  "that is a price I am absoutely willing to pay".  What's she paying for? It's not her reputation that's being trashed & lied about.  But we Can make that happen. I think emily needs a dose of her own medicine. 
 	who is the nigger amy schumer? 
 No Motherfuckers Im In Charge Of Gab NoW    
 	That is excellent news, Miss Emily. Could you please get rid of the incompetent H-1B steetshitters who are employed  by Gab and replace them with White men?  
 		i keep telling Torba to clean this fucking place up but he’s as useless as workboots on a nigger i dont know wtf im gonna do  
  
 	Get a job, sheboon! That's how white folks afford things like babies, they work. Also, stop fucking every buck nigger in Slabtown and you won't be pregnant every time you turn around.  
 Trudeau! Stop pig terrorists in country. As pothead, pot=your god! Not everyone in Can has yr illiterate habits. Dump pigs! See Spain, Portugal etc. Thank Heavens for crusaders whose job isn't finished. Cruds like you ruining country, Cdns are hopeless. Silly twat Jody Wilson R praises twats wearing rags! You Scrape Bottom Of Barrel! 
 The  of Peace strikes yet again!        
 		LoL 
 		LoL 
    I read bio and it said, Repost doesn't mean I agree or approve, just means I Repost.   That doesn't make any sense to me at all and you have been doing alot of my post lately. What's up with that, sir. 
 		take a scalp from the brown man 
 		take a scalp from the brown man 
 More of our Nation's retarded Jew driven foreign policy. I really hate that Zionist Hoebag, Nikki Haley.   
 	maggats  
 		little queer try harder Lmfao  
 	Well you're garbage maggot lol. Look at what you post. Made to offend. You've been dragged down into a dumpster. Sad. 
 		I'm a very happy person      my President Trump is best this Country has had in years! whats not to be happy About!  
 		A pathological liar? Thats not the best. 
 			what lies are you talking about duchebag?  
 				He promised to save medicare, medicaid, and social security. Now hes sided with Republicans to end them all. 
 					good job making shit up Cheetos dick   
 	Trump said he was a different kind of republican and everyone would have health care. He lead the effort to repeal affordable care act, throwing 32 million people off their health care. 
  At The Un Oic Foreign Ministers adopt Statement Demanding Respect for Islam 
 	So what is the Un going to do about all the Christians that are being murdered around the world by these Camel piss Drinking Goat Fucking Raghead Muslims! 
 Researchers found that marijuana affected cognitive health more than alcohol and that those negative effects endured even after teens stopped using pot.  
 		That explains obama's choices 
 		That explains obama's choices 
 		Moron! You're saying Tommy Robinson has been putting his own life and those of his wife and kids, been attacked and sent to prison for his beliefs for years.just to sell some books? Let's see you write a book about your Nazi ideas when everyone knows who you are. See how you get on lol 
 				It's like with me mate. They know I'm not Jewish but unless you hate Jews you Are Jewish. It's the socialist mental illness again. Affects National ones and non National ones the same. Tommy doesn't hate Jews and supports Israel so he must be Jewish lol 
 								Correction! Only you and your ilk don't find any black girls attractive. Because attractive black girls don't want the likes of you. More left wing jealousy. And most of my girlfriends have been white. Only dated 3 black girls in decades :) 
 															hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 	Thanks for pointing out another fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitch to mute. :) 
 	One of my friends is gay. He's not outwardly gay. He's just a person. God made many different types of people and creatures. They are all God's people and creatures. Yet some people want to exploit this for their own craziness.Some people get lost because they have been abused.was that the plan? Was the plan to strategically abuse people to mess with them? 
 		Yup - totally don't give a shit what a person does in the privacy of their own home.  That's their business.  But, try to shove your sexuality in my face or go out of your way to fuck with bakeries, etc.  Then that's a Big Fuck You. That's just wrong no matter religion, politics or sexuality.  Live and let live.  Love and let love.  We Can all get along. 
 		.and I have a meme for that. I'll put it up top/fresh.Lol 
 		Dude - you're the Meme King!  That's why Twitter kicked you off.  Lol 
 		Dude - you're the Meme King!  That's why Twitter kicked you off.  Lol 
 Ahhhhh sweet sweet nigger behavior. But they are ppl too. Fuck any white person that sides or sticks up from these evolutionary throwbacks.  
     Will New Voters Swing The ?   First-time voters set to block ' blue wave   
 	Swing it where ? There is no blue wave, only a retard Tv narrative ,reporters talk about blue wave, but there are no blue voters, the paid protesters don't even vote, liberals I know don't vote, patriots can't wait for nov6 
 		I think we are looking at a red hurricane! 
 		I haven't voted in over 15 years.  Fuck it, I'm back in! 
 		I haven't voted in over 15 years.  Fuck it, I'm back in! 
   Credit where its due, he made it to the top of his sport; Personality wise he's bit of cunt which i get if you have to be to make it to the top; but other people make the throne who seem genuine good people, so there is that  
 Georgia teacher accused of sex assault is found dead, police say      Faggot pedophile. No tears. 
 I'm not anti-muslim, I'm anti-sand nigger ape terrorist kebab.   Black Identitarians Attack the Jews:  
 	Trump Faggot Spotted! 
 Easy Lindsey, slow your roll a little.    
 		He enjoyed flexing his muscles last week. The big Gop hero.  Probably got laid. Wants more. I get it.  
 		He enjoyed flexing his muscles last week. The big Gop hero.  Probably got laid. Wants more. I get it.  
 The shooter who massacred eight people at a synagogue in Pittsburgh earlier today was an anti-Semite who expressed his disdain for Donald Trump, while also commenting, I did not vote for him.   This disgusting lunatic should be treated as a terrorist.    
 	Oy vey! Anti Semite. Jews can do no wrong. Shut the fuck up you faggot. Go get fucked by a nigger 
 Tf does this bullshit mean. Listen Silverdouche, you think you are helping the movement and you dont even know the meaning of Kike You are a fuckin retard who sits behind a computer who thinks thau are doing something. Lol Meme deez nutz Pussy 
 Look at home look on Pakistan and eye popping cunt I mean hunt 
 	He’s 404 
 		The way I keep getting hit with same post every day I think it's the same Faggot over & over I think he's creating more accounts with different names A week ago the posts began as an introduction as the tranny porn guy then went into the boomer bashing Same Exact post every time Why I think it's the same faggot each time 
 Needed in Every state. 
 	How about No drug testing - that’s real freedom not pretend feel good freedom 
 		Dependency isn't freedom. As long as they're not financially independent and living on someone else's dime, they should be accountable. Drug testing is one form of accountability. 
 				Accountability is as much a part of life as responsibility.  Ultimately, I think that people should be tested. I'm not going to bother explaining why I think that way because you're obviously so triggered by the thought of it that I'd be wasting my breath. Almost like you're personally offended. Like it applies to you or something. 
 				Accountability is as much a part of life as responsibility.  Ultimately, I think that people should be tested. I'm not going to bother explaining why I think that way because you're obviously so triggered by the thought of it that I'd be wasting my breath. Almost like you're personally offended. Like it applies to you or something. 
 		Don't think I've heard a better description  
 		Don't think I've heard a better description  
  message me cunt 
 		Thanks; I will make the change.  
 		Thanks; I will make the change.  
  
 	I wish he would sue her and the Democrat Party, That cunt already has a lot of money from the Go Fund Me pages made for her.  
 About ten companies control every single thing you eat and drink. 
 	Of note these are the same companies that helped fund terrorists like Blm 
 		Same companies that send their profits to Israel: so more Palestinians can be genocied, more world wide jewish terrorism can be executed and more Us politicans can be corrupted. 
 			Who fucking cares about sand nigger Palestinians.  
 And we’re just getting started.     
 	I Will Not support this one. Not interested in a Sjw nigger loving virtue signaler. Will oppose her to all my friends and elected officials. 
 Ok class. Who can tell me what's wrong in this picture? Maybe you can   I can't tell you how sick I am already from race baiters like you   !      SeaneyB   .   Wtf Happened To The Party Of Jfk?   And Who The Hell Put The Psyche Patients   In Charge? 
 	what a stupid fucking cunt 
 Kristen Bell says she finds multiple elements of Snow White to have bad messages for kids. Things like the non consensual kiss and taking apples from strangers.   She strongly implies this story is damaging to children.But Reads The Book To Her Kids Regularly   Typical "I will make a Sjw statement that I don't follow myself" 
 	Another retarded abused, raped Hollywood star!    
 A bloody riot broke out during a law and order rally in Portland, Oregon, between the leftist group  and the right-wing organization .        
 	Antifa is fake, the alt right is fake and so is the Sodomite Alex Jones. Spreely will not work out for you scum bags! Spreely is as fake as InfinitySN was and also exist for control. We the people are watching and you Alex Jones and the rest of your Communist Liberals have lost yet again you Bitch ass Dick sucker Faggot rolly pollie ! 
 Where the hell did they ever get the idea that anyone cares what the fuck Taylor cunt Swift thinks? I believe if you put your ear up to her pussy you can hear the ocean. 
 I bet if it was a sand nigger bombing americans it wouldn't even be covered  
  
 	stupid nigger in charge 
 I fully support Gab however in the light of this stomach turning terror attack against Conservative Orthodox Jews, Gab should request a govt  investigation into all the grotesquely cartoonish Nazi accounts. I suspect they all come from secret police agencies.   Fake Nazi accounts must be stopped. 
 	I am completely outraged at the Nazi garbage on Gab - in particular because I believe them to be Deep State Leftist salaried employees trying to divide and demonize a conservative forum. 
 		"I am completely outraged at the Nazi garbage on Gab - in particular because I believe them to be Deep State Leftist salaried employees trying to divide and demonize a conservative forum."-Npc #193628621  
 				If Nazis died off in 1945 why are you talking about them? seems like an odd thing to do. 
 						I didn't mention Nazis, I was quoting the idiot who did in the Op goober, none of those words were mine. 
 							I thought you were on the 'right' side & maybe I mistook your repeat as your words; if so, my apologies. 
 								I'm a National Socialist, which is neither left nor right, it's third position.  
 								You, me & Trump but your profile indicates 'fascist'. Sometimes the moniker is inadequate. The left using the term Nazi is annoying, innacurate & an attempt to be dismissive of every opinion anyone right of Bernie. 
 								You, me & Trump but your profile indicates 'fascist'. Sometimes the moniker is inadequate. The left using the term Nazi is annoying, innacurate & an attempt to be dismissive of every opinion anyone right of Bernie. 
 I am disgusted by all this anitsemitic non-sense about "gassing the kikes" here on gab. Their actions have killed millions! they deserve the same treatment they gave our gorgeous Lord and savior and be hung on crosses in every town in the world. 
 	you are a moron 
 		go watch the nigger felon league and eat some kosher sausage faggot 
 @a  Gab Fam:  The House of Saud is the 2nd largest investor in Twitter.  [Here is Prince Al-Waleed meeting with Jack Dorsey]  If you have been kicked off of this platform, please support Senator Rand Paul's Bill to end arms sales to Saudi Arabia. 
 		Get out of islamist Twitter 
 		Dorsey was so easily bought off with smiles, platitudes, and a nice meal. He has no idea of the Islamic way of doing business.  
 			  and these lying cunts incessantly trying to control what we say & how we choose to say it !    
 Gay, transvestite, witches,. can the left get any more ridiculous, lol ? 
 	What in the world goes through those people's minds. 
 		Meth induced faggot minds. 
 Retard muted 
 What a cunt 
 	Sorry 
 		U dont say stupid shit on my posts! Thanks Bob :-)  
 		 
 	That doesn't sound very free speechy.  
 		I am not for free speech. Once my side wins the other side will be quiet 
 		Yea but Gab claims to be for free speech. Giving people the power to delete other people's comments would be the opposite of what their trying to do. Once you have enough of someone its easy to ignore them 
 		Yea but Gab claims to be for free speech. Giving people the power to delete other people's comments would be the opposite of what their trying to do. Once you have enough of someone its easy to ignore them 
     Recently founded party in  Islam claims their name stands for - in French:     "Integrity, Solidarity, Freedom, Authenticity, Morality"       Orwellian doublespeak par excellence    In fact  stands for:    "Immorality, Slavery, Lies, Anarchy, Mass-murder" 
 		Under sharia a woman needs 4 male witnesses to a rape and they need to be muslim or the number balloons out to 12 as Christians and Jews are worth 1/3 of a muslim with Zoastrians 1/5. In a sharia compliant country a woman can't go outside in a male populated space. 
 			While I want to agree you are going to have to have a civil war. The Npc cucks from cuckfornia are moving out to escape the horrors they have inflicted and instead of learning they bring the same politics to their new location. It's the magic dirt thing you can take a nigger out of africa but you can't take africa out niggers. If I lived in the Uk I'd move to poland. 
 			I have three kids, am not dependent on system, and find it far from impossible.   Yes, I have to go without (((comforts))), but I'm happy. My Wife is happy. My Kids are happy.   Most people have been conditioned to hedonism, after a certain generation pissed everything away to particular (((parasites))). That is why people aren't having kids. 
 					What am I full of shit about? My kids? My family?   Please explain where I am full of shit.   Please explain where I'm wrong.   Is the experience I've had non-existent because it doesn't fit into your box?   Did the court case I won regarding custody of my son suddenly not happen for the same reasons?   I have nothing to gain by lying about my situation. 
 						You're full of shit because I already explained to you in very simple terms why you're full of shit, except that now in addition to standard issue ego rationalization defense mechanisms, you're also emotionally invested in this pissing contest. 
 								In simplified terms for dumb dumbs: Whites aren't having children because a bunch of bad meanies telling them not to is not being counteracted by a bunch of good goodies telling them to. They're not having children Because It'S Financially Impossible To Feed Them. 
 												Stfu kike faggot 
 	find solace in the warmth of christianity that exudes lovingly from kemono friends 
 			i blame Cern and the Large Hadron Collider. Mini black holes are a hell of a drug. 
 			i blame Cern and the Large Hadron Collider. Mini black holes are a hell of a drug. 
 Well, here we go. Gab didn't kill Anyone. Alex Jones has killed No One. I am a free speech absolutist. And I'm drunk af.   
 	Yup.  It wasn't .  It was some Nazi dipshit retard that liked to say 'gas the kikes'.  Those people are stupid. 
 How much of our money does the Bbc waste on this ? 
 	Anything above 0 is too much, why would anyone care about some dumb cunt that wanted to have a Coon Kardashian ass and died like a retard. 
 Hirono: 'Sexual Predator' Trump Has a 'Mistrust of Women':   Hirono has got to be the biggest cunt in our government. Maxine Waters is a close 2nd 
 cons: the controls are a nightmare to use. the whole engine seems kinda sluggish and clunky, and everything wrong with contemporary nintendo is on full display ie beating us over the head as if we're too retarded to understand games, adding stupid pointless gimmicks and of course dumbing down the game. also luigi turns like a freight train 
 Hey bigot - Cruelty to puppies is part of his culture   Here's you're feel good story of the day.         
 	Please, I beg the Puppy Town gods to give me Lucille and five minutes with this evil monster in a locked room someday.        
 		I cant wait when they kill this faggot with that same bat.  
 We have had a Kenyan muzzie as a so called president, why not a porn lawyer?    
 Explosive device found at Clintons' home in Chappaqua    
 	Yeah right, they’ll probably scapegoat a conservative, roll him out and scream see, this is how Trump voters behave  they probably posted it to themselves in a desperate bid to keep hold of the house, bunch of losers  
 		Funny thing is their retarded voters will probably fall for this stunt!  
 Just a hunch but I think she / it  is a man hater. The vermin of the left.           
 	A piece of shit in a Trump world.  she can hate all she wants the fact is she is a goofy minority in the grand scheme of things And this twisted mentally retarded person has to live every day in our world is punishment enough for this flounder. 
 You need to kill some jews right now or you're a faggot optics cuck.  C'mon pussy.  Bomb a federal building.  Do it. 
 Brazil Prepares for Critical Elections as Jews Increasingly Move to Israel  
 	no doubt the Jews in time will rule over Brazil. a not too bright Portuguese nigger country.aka  little africa. 
 The whackadoodle in action.       
 		She’s had a half dozen facelifts.  I think her eyelids are permanently open. 
 		She’s had a half dozen facelifts.  I think her eyelids are permanently open. 
 I will be interviewed on 60 Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M., after Nfl game. Enjoy!  12:39 pm - 14 Oct 2018 
 	 Would’ve been funny to see what would happen if his interview was before the game was over At this point, I think more people in America would be interested in watching the Trump interview than the stupid take a knee retarded game. 
 	Are you drowning  ?   lol 
 	Are you drowning  ?   lol 
  
 	retard 
 	The "contributions" of this troll to Gab degrade the reputation of trolls!   It's not funny or smart it's not even mean. Somehow today I just could not keep quiet about it. If someone is going to try to stir up sh*t on Gab that person should try to be witty. 
 		 its frustrating but  is what all liberals are: people who have failed. So they seek to control other peoples successes and minimize them, which explains this person being on Gab seeking to undermine it. Twitter is a world where everyone has to listen to them while they silence and ban everyone else. Its the same playbook since the 60's. When it comes to people like this, its not just a "living healthy" argument to say that ignoring them is the best approach. Its actually how you hurt them. They have nothing of real worth or substance to offer so they have been insignificant to the world as a result. Interacting with geezy allows whoever it is to feel as if they are significant and engaged with the world. Thats rewarding someone for not having actually done anything of merit. Muting is the best contribution in all angles of this =) 
 			I see your point, but I was not trying to debate principles of right vs left, I was trying to point out that the quality of the account is terrible and that, for me, is important. When I'm on social media I don't want to see links to lame memes, old news stories, or debates that consist of, "you're a faggot!" "no you are!".   If there is disagreement, let's debate. 
 				Thats the thing. We shouldn't even have debates with people who fundamentally believe in tyranny. Its not about who wins the argument which is why they rarely do formal debates. why even afford them that degree of humanity when their true goal is to inflict something so inhumane on others? Leave the savages in the desert of their making. 
 					I disagree. I'm willing to hear the opinions of people who think something different from me, even if it is a bit trolly. (I live in a blue state so my political beliefs are under siege).   Though I understand that elite leftists only have power in mind as they push Dem. positions left, I think the average lefty thinks socialist governments can do good. 
 						And if it's not obvious I think socialist governments are a tool of evil, actual evil. 
 								You say that like it's a bad thing? Anyway, I've already been called a triggered gay faggot snowflake today, so.   Whoo Hoo! God hates me and I'm a stupid triggered gay faggot jew-snowflake! 
 														You prayed for another person to be damned simply for typing an opinion with which you disagree and I'm reprobate?   Christianity, you're doing it wrong. 
     Seems my Npc buddy  just can't get enough of Oz Rock classics, so here's another one.   John Farnham - You're the Voice    
 	fucking faggot hippy cunt 
 I saw a Nigger on a bike earlier and thought it would be funny to push him off.   Bad idea really.    some fucker reported me and I lost my gym membership  
 If you have a pure griefer anarchist site you get channer culture, a niche so toxic it cannot be monetized.   4chan used to get 50 million visits a month, and no ad network would touch it because it's users were known to be so hostile.   That's where Gab with no mods and no block is headed.   So block, whatever it is called, is a positive development. 
 	Gab could be profitable if it deleted all content every few weeks like 4chan does. If it's important you could pay to archive things forever. 
 		Horrid idea. You know nothing about business. 
 				Rude. 
 					Im ruder . 
 					Im ruder . 
 Last night on , Kanye West was called a token negro and a dumb negro.  I want you guys to imagine if those words were Ever uttered on .  Cnn has finally committed to going full blown Racist.   They want their slaves back       
 	What is that nigger bitch doing with straight blonde hair then? Bitch you aint white! 
 a b s o l u t e    u n i t 
 	R E P E N T 
 		Aww. Looky! We have two fairy gay faggot Antifa members that downvoted this. Lol 
 State enforced  in .    
 	So, you want your stupid assed child to suffer just because You are fucking mentally retarded and should never have bred ?  Why not just choose "?", that way You can give up one more responsibility that you were supposed to do, and just let your child decide what gender/sex they want to be when they are not taught what to do. 
 		Are you asking so you’ll be able to identify which kind yours is when you look in the mirror? 
 			Your cunt is beneath your nose.ur probably a cock sucker 
 Rt :    A potential Democrat 2020 nominee is now calling for open violence against Trump supporters   The media will ignore this or run a Republicans pounce natrative  Terrible 4D Warfare     
 	Eric Holder Is A Fucking Nigger Jackass ! 
 faggot nigger 
 I can turn into a big cock so that your mother can sit on. Give me her number little faggot 
 The reason we need to vote in November! 
 	Vote <:::::> Omar Navarro Nov. 6th 
 		People should not be incited to hysteria about Anything. That's how they get to you! Fact is since Reagan the Us has amassed 100% debt in Gdp and 92 pp Gdp in cumulative structural trade deficits. All from tax cuts, war and upper-crust looting. The era of "small government." Liescorruptioncreate Crisessky-Screaming - Left Or Right! 
 			The only hysteria is from her mouth.or have you not been paying attention   Been traveling abroad?   This woman is inciting harassment if not outright violence on an almost daily basis.   Maybe the demonizing taunts, mob chastisement, verbal attacks, attempted assassinations & outright assaults are not hysterical enough for some but for me I say fuck that cunt & her entire entourage!    Thanks 
 				My point is: America has had 55 years of shit government. People constantly screaming: the Dems will destroy the country if they're elected; the Reps will destroy the country if they're elected. After 55 years of this they nearly destroyed the West. But now Donald J. Trump is rebuilding. Trump is taking the path of Wisdom. Wisdom Trumps hysteria! 
 				My point is: America has had 55 years of shit government. People constantly screaming: the Dems will destroy the country if they're elected; the Reps will destroy the country if they're elected. After 55 years of this they nearly destroyed the West. But now Donald J. Trump is rebuilding. Trump is taking the path of Wisdom. Wisdom Trumps hysteria! 
 Cory Booker, Best Known for the Forced Groping of Hs Classmates, Launched his Presidential Campaign this Weekend   Just hours after casting a vote in one of the most contentious Supreme Court confirmation battles in history, Cory Booker stepped on stage in a packed Iowa conference hall and unofficially launched his 2020 campaign.  Speaking before 1,500 energized Democrats at the party’s premier Fall Gala event, the New Jersey senator acknowledged their likely feelings of defeat and of anger after the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh earlier that day. He then delved into race struggles, poverty, his own personal political defeats and finding faith, despite it all.   If other top-tier potential contenders weren’t rethinking their decision to avoid Iowa this far in advance of 2020, they might be now.  Booker had the room silently mesmerized at some points, and won roaring standing ovations at others.  How long will it take? I’m going to tell you not long now, Booker roared, quoting from Martin Luther King Jr.’s legendary speech in Montgomery, Alabama. Because it’s not long until November! 
 	cory booker is nothing but a lying sand nigger 
 Lady's and Gentlemen, I give you leftist "logic". 
 	Anyone who lies about any sex offense should be held accountable, Maybe a lting cunt registry, So men know who not to date! 
 You push hate. Expect it to spill back on you tenfold.  
 	She is so mental have to wonder if she even gets it!  
 		No she doesn't get it. I've had up close & personal dealings with this asswipe.  She's literally dumber than a bag of rocks. This stupid troll is oblivious to anything around her. it's No exaggeration when I tell you that she's the most retarded person I've ever witnessed. 
 				Excuse me but you don't have much of an understanding of a monarchy 
 					Let me condense a subject that has been written on using thousands of papers, and condense it into a nice 300 character post. I’ll start with    Plebeians like yourself are to stupid to make intelligent comments on politics. 
 						Fuck you.   How's that for condensing? 
 							Play stupid games and you win stupid prizes. 
 													That really hurts my feelings. I’m a sad Mexican nigger. D: 
 Doxxing Arrest   Jackson Cosko is charged with:   making public restricted personal information     witness tampering    unauthorized access of a government computer    identity theft    second degree burglary     threats in interstate communications    unlawful entry    
 	I want the address of Christine Ballsey Fraud so we can reciprocate!  Look at this pussy faggot and weep for America.  That faggot needs a little football! 
 I Fully Support President Trump using Deadly military force to defend the United States from Foreign Invaders who are hell bent on destroying this country. 
 	We don't attack unarmed people. No matter how much you hate them. Wtf is wrong with you people? It's as if you aren't Americans or something.  
 		Sorry you're a retard who supports  violence and hates America.  You keyboard warrior cowards are all the same.  Lies, bullshit, and brainless. 
 Slade - "Cum On Feel The Noize"       
 	faggot 
 Some Republicans are remembering how to win. 
 		Everyone changes . 
 		He has come through for Trump during this- big time. Giving credit where credit is due. 
 		You're naughty! Thanks for the laugh. ;-) 
 		You're naughty! Thanks for the laugh. ;-) 
 Communists and Fascists are two sides of the same retarded coin. Both are moronic fools that end up destroying their own countries.  
 ‘I Hate Ted Cruz!’ Triggered Texan tears up yard signs, rushes homeowner   
 	Just kick his retarded ass. He will crawl back into his hole. 
 2018: Mail Bombs   Somehow, these attacks are going to the kookiest fringe of mainstream Democrats.   Dc cocktail party, tonight: What? You weren’t targeted? <Looks of pity> 
 	Why would they target Maxine Waters. That stupid nigger is a asset for the republican party 
 	Like she actually thinks there are people out there who give fuck what She thinks about Anything. Even her former fans don’t like her because half of them thought she acted like Whiney loser when she lost, and the other half know she’s a criminal and are tired of hearing her weight in on bullshit that’s not her business. 
 	Hey Hillary, what else do you like?  Hillary: Well, I like long walks at Aushwitz and other places of mass ritualistic human sacrifice, because it gives me a chance to really Think about my future goals; I like Loud suits and Lesbo haircuts; and oh yes, my ultimate favorite, is virgin blood. 
 Once upon a time in America.   There was a time when you could send your children to public school and expect that their classmates would share the same values and culture. Students were expected to get good grades, or they were held back a year. There were no participation prizes. There was real discipline for bad behavior. Diversity is not a strength. 
 		You can take the nigger out of the jungle but you can't take the jungle out of the nigger. 
  
 	  Let us undo the Liberal Retard actions from the Barack Obama administration. 
  
 	She's a low Iq import gold digger who still cannot speak proper English after all those years. She's also got 2 tons of makeup on all the time and her face looks like a Botox experiment gone horribly wrong. 
 		Dude. Melania is fluent in 5 languages. How many languages do you speak?  Leave it to an uneducated commie fuckwit to make such a retarded remark. Quick tell us all how "socialism" will work "this time". That shit never gets old. 
 Why are the left so full of anger and hate ? 
 	Because they were prepared to sell us out when cunt hiLIARy won the election. (Soon to be dead) George Soros funded the program and was ready to flood the Us with shit hole African rapefugees.   
 Faggot 
 On order from my friend in France and not even listed on Discogs yet :   Blood & Honour  ~ Volume One (On Black Vinyl)   Squadron - Final Salute     Tracklist:  1  Skrewdriver  Old Albion   2  Brutal Attack (2)  Always Near   3  Squadron  A Final Salute   4  Razors Edge  Against All Odds   5  English Rose  Voice Of The Right   6  Skullhead  Push On (Demo)   7  Overlords (2)  British Heritage (Demo)   8  People Haters  White Nigger   9  Brutal Attack (2)  Blood Of Our Kin   10  Skrewdriver  House Of Treason   11  Squadron  Hail The New DawnWritten-By  Ian Stuart*   12  Dickhead  Bring It Back   13  Razors Edge  The Way Its Gotta BeWritten-By  Ian Stuart*   14  Overlords (2)  Our Triumphant Day (Demo)   15  English Rose  You Know Our Name   16  Skullhead  Hang The Ira (Demo)   17  Brutal Attack (2)  From The Inside (Demo)   18  People Haters  Jew Boy   19  Skrewdriver  Hail Victory   20  Squadron  Der Seig Wird Unser Sein 
 	That picture must be what "<3" refers to.  
 	That picture must be what "<3" refers to.  
 Not wanting to be associated with a lying liar who stood there and lied out her lying lie hole is my guess. 
 	It makes you wanna go, hmmmm. 
 			D! 
 			Dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 
 			 
 			That's what I was thinking too. I bet she teaches men how to spread their legs for manspreading.  
 			Add Dupe To The List.  
 			D! 
 			Absolutely.  
 			You left out a few things I'd like to call her but "D" will suffice for now.  
 			You left out a few things I'd like to call her but "D" will suffice for now.  
  
 	Fuck this stupid nigger  
 		Assuming there are any bright ones in these shitholes. centuries of inbreeding keeps Iq’s down in the retarded range.  
 	Silly faggot you got it all backwards .  
 Jared Taylor is bluepilled. I’ve never heard him say nigger or kike. 
 Ladies are rare gifts. Everyone deserves a mother who is a lady. Mine was, and all 9 of us admire her still, 12 years after she died. Let men be warriors. 
 	I gouged his eye out with my thumb, so the only work he’ll be getting now is as an extra in a muslim pirate movie.  Id call you a cunt, but a cunt isnt useless.  And since Gay seems to bother you so much will stay with that.  Now put the cock back in your drizzle trap and go make mommie a drink, shitknuckle. 
  
 	Don’t be so mean to the elephants, they are just big boned. unlike that fat cunt 
 Silly you. What is sad is you displaying photos of a good White friend, and passing her off as your 'wife', whilst at the same time, displaying your hatred for your own race. Fear not, I quite understand your hatred for your own race. I would hate my race too were it a low-Iq Nigger animal race.    Surely you have considered raping that friend of yours, yes? 
 The United Nations is demanding Canada things like carbon taxes on steroids, and want Canada to destroy its own energy industry, all while China is able to keep increasing their emissions by gigantic amounts year after year.   
 	And Justine Truedough, like the fairy gay faggot he is, will comply without a whimper. 
 	By voting instead of trying to start war and being shot? You are either an idiot, or another one of the Muzzo shills/trolls. 
 		Voting only matters when there's somebody worth voting for. Other than a few exceptions like Steve King, where are these based politicians? They're all useless shits.   I don't even have excessively high standards - basic civ. nationalism is fine, don't cuck on immigration, fund the damn wall, etc. The Gop fails basic standards of acceptability. Fuck them. 
 			Trump will sort all these issues out, but he needs a Rep majority. If you are a normal person and a Patriot, you will do what you can to support Trump. If you are a muzzo, traitor or enemy of the people, you will do what you can to stop him. That simple. 
 				1) we already have a Gop majority in the Senate and no nuclear option. These morons are doing fuck all. And the current crop of candidates are cuckservatives.   2) Trump isn't being "betrayed" by his party - he *is* the Gop. What kind of a cuckold hires the former (((prez))) of Goldman Sachs to draft his econ policy? An open borders guy who voted for Hillary? 
 					You have no insight and clearly aren't paying any attention across the board. McCain was the first swamp critter to be executed, and there will be many, many more. Only the rest won't be done secretly and there will be no more deals. 
 						McCain wasn't executed, moron. He died a natural death.   QAnon is also a hoax. Where are all the thousands of arrested pedophiles?   Oh, and your God Emperor endorsed him, remember? After all the months Kelli Ward supported him, Trump shivved her in the back not once, but twice. 
 							Then how come Kasich said on Cnn, "It's less than 24 hours since McCain was put to death" while trying to manipulate ppl against Reps? Right. Let me erase all I know bc a retard & obvious enemy of the ppl said all I know for fact is wrong. Sorry - we're not liberal imbeciles. Ur impotent. All your agitation does is stir our bloodlust/make us want u purged violently 
 										Damn straight.  
 	I have referred to Chedar man hoax in one of my postings.  Just like  Britons have rejected Chedar man, real Scandinavians have rejected all bruhaha around Kostenki 14.  Fact remains that Kostenki is C ( Y-Dna) which is very troublesome for anyone who wants to jump into conclusions, like our bucket head pet  
 		lol bucket head pet  
 		 
 		 
 'This Is Why We Can't Have Islam In The West' - Douglas Murray Talks About Threat Of Islam  
 		I’ll say free speech with you is a 100 mile an hour thing. I suppose your over exaggerative use of certain terms is a power thing? It seems too much sometimes which make me exercise my ignore-your- posts right. Do you have other less garish thangs to say? 
 		Just mute me, pal. Save yourself another Holocaust. 
 		all the while, our children are groomed, and gang raped. 
 		Your children. Sad . Very sad tbqh. Britain resist the Zog 
 		We know who the useful idiots are. 
 		We know who the useful idiots are. 
 i was trying to be polite with the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. 
 	Yelling Jew and nigger at anyone standing against globalism is not going to save Western Civilization.  I'm no fan of Kanye and suspect his motives, but I welcome Any black person smart enough to stand against the left's lies about racism.  
 		The amount of retarded whites in a white nation is insignificant. Sane whites outnumber them. Retarded whites become a problem when they team up with (and get funded by) non-whites in a civic nationalist society.  
 Caravans Walk Only For Photo Ops   Full Video:  
 	All fake paid for by Nazi soros 
 			His mother was jewish as well.holly shit I swear some of you are fucking retarded 
 Rt :    Flashback: That Time Jimmy Kimmel Didn't Think Blackface Was Bad  
 	Blackface is actually a compliment to niggers. Crackers used to practice it because they saw the way cracker women looked at nigger men. The look was Not Good! 
 		random outbursts of rage at the wind and other things in its mind 
 		random outbursts of rage at the wind and other things in its mind 
 	@a is this your idea of "speech?" Vulgar name calling? From a speaker of "Turth? 
 	@a is this your idea of "speech?" Vulgar name calling? From a speaker of "Turth? 
 		this cunt needs a karmic ass fucking 
 I’ll give it to ya. if someone as fucking retarded as your 1/2 wit ass can figure out how to type with their toes, anything is possible. 
  
 	She built like a mucinex 
 		The Struggle: - to find pants that fit without looking like they're on backwards - to lay off the Cheetos, Kfc and buckets of ice cream - to fend off all those amorous nigger bucks - to avoid being mistaken for an escapee from the local pig farm or Sea World - to have sex without having to roll in flour so their "partner" can find the wet spot - to avoid those pesky surfers who want to slap her on the thigh so they can ride the big wave 
 Came across this in my neighborhood. 
 		Well I cut all contact with all my "family" members a long time ago. My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner. 
 		Unfortunately the Jews destroyed my family to the point where I simply could no longer tolerate talking to any of them. Sad but true.     
 	Keyword being almost.  
 		Also, why do you censor words like "dick" and "shit", but don't censor the word "nigger"? I think the word nigger is a lot more offensive to people than dick or shit lmfao. 
 Says the retard who believes Somalians are necessary for a prosperous society. Gtfo  
 The real war is now on_***Urgent***Vote on and send $ to Republicans now   Ellen DeGeneresVerified account      This tweet is for Dr. Ford. You put yourself through so much and I want you to know it wasn’t in vain. You started a movement and we’ll see it through. If they won’t listen to our voices, then they’ll listen to our vote. 
 	Lol, the only movement Ford ever started was a bowel movement. She was a foolish pawn in a wicked game, and We will see it through until Ellen's rotten lez cunt has turned to dust. 
 And they said we weren't having any influence. 
 		Oh yeah no I hate that Jew loving faggot but good shit posting is good shit posting.  
 The Bernie retard loser cult. 
 Lol Lazy National Socialist getting all upset, and I'm not even talking to him :) 
 		I say both. They're inter-changeable Pussy hat lol 
 			I say both. They're inter-changeable Pussy hat lol. Your usual nonsensical bullshit , keep it up I will 
 			I say both. They're inter-changeable Pussy hat lol. Your usual nonsensical bullshit , keep it up I will 
  
 	Obama’s Legacy is a Subaru & only as close as that Lying  BathHouse Barry, the Muzzie Manchurian will ever get   
 	Obama’s Legacy is a Subaru & only as close as that Lying  BathHouse Barry, the Muzzie Manchurian will ever get   
 why we voted Trump      
 	That's definitely a different species from us white people.  
 			its just nice see good people doing good stuff amigos! only in America  
 			captain Cheetos dick! you mute me just makes me feel good all over! Lmfao  
 			captain Cheetos dick! you mute me just makes me feel good all over! Lmfao  
  
 	Why reposting this crap?  
 		To show how retarded the left is. 
 Nypd Footage Proves Proud Boys Did Not Start Scuffle    
 	Who cares? Did that work with your parents, when you were 8? I didn't think so. Lock up the lot of 'em, whether they're in plaid or black. We don't live in Mad Max universe.  
 		Get fucked nigger faggot this isn't high school, and it's clear you don't respect self defense laws because you're a gay homosexual black nigger  
 Like anyone left watching the Nfl would want to see her anyway.    
 	She’s an asshole too, as well as that  nigger wannabe 
 yeah because he isn't a faggot from the Gop 
  Civil War Alert: Leftists openly plot mass executions of Conservatives as Democrats release home addresses of Republican Senators   
 	I think democrats are making the worst mistake of their lives if they choose to bring violence against consertives.    We don't care what the police do. We don't care what the Guard does. There is only one answer to violence & that is "fury & vengence the likes of which the world has never seen".   I would think twice democrats. 
 		get the sand nigger cock out ya mouth. dems are shitting themselves right now 
 Lol! 
 	(sigh) another faggot cuck 
 	You’re foaming at the mouth cause of the circle jerk party you participated in, you were the pivot.    Disgusting splouge burps comin back up  
 		Not really jermaine. You just participated aswell. Discusting  
 			You Flogged a dude named Germaine    Should have kept that to yourself, one more thing that was a dumb Af comeback  
 					You ruined it    Dumb af troll 
 						Joseph look at the interactions I've had in the past 10 hours 8 people can't wait to reply to me. How many you got. Fuck all  
 																		Your a Cunt Johnny  why r u a cunt Johnny, did momma tell you that your whole life? 
  
 	Also I'm betting this faggot downvoted the 14 words. So, that means he's not white 
 				Ffs! Pathetic. Hangs on to every word I write looking for an anomaly to cling to like it's momma's boobie. Yes I do decide and I did when I was recruiting. No left wing parasitic Pc public sector non jobs draining the economy with me bloke. You'd be stuffed then. 
 					Upset because you were caught out being a retarded cunt?  You can't stop backtracking can you?  Why are you so easy to run rings round? 
 As for the Uk turning brown, that is sad.but I've never been there. I wish the White Brits godspeed. I am an American, ok? Reading Is Fundamental Retard 
 Suck My Dick   
 				Dayum U Comin In Hot With The Slugs, Now I KNow How Those Synagogue Victims Felt 
 						 
 						 
 Rt :    Maxine Waters Blames Trump For Bombs  
 	drop dead ya cunt 
 pwned faggot liar spammer  deletes all his posts in 5, 4, 3, 2. 
 	Lol 
 	what a whore. and underage, look at those braces. i feel bad for her parents.  
 		Never let the girls watch anime. Only the boys. Actually, you're gunna have to go Amish or some shit. 
 	The girley is having fun. I especially like the lick and the lascivious wink.  That said, if she was my grand-daughter I'd beat her ass with a stick. 
 	sick 
 		Thank you 
 		Thank you 
 Secret recording of bullying and shutting down free speech in the Army    
 	You can tell he's a cunt by the amount of fucking he does. 
 "Manliness is rooted to a   man’s beard and his balls.   Yet we are living in a day   where factions are cutting   them both off."  
 		pussy hat approved 
 		pussy hat approved 
 I think the only way to solve our problems is to group up and not let ourselves be "led" by a bunch of faggot conservatives. Screw the ballot box. 
 Walking Out Of A Store A Downssyndrome Afflicted Gross Gook China Motherfucker With A Tattoo Upper L Cheek Giving Me Hard Looks Arms Crossed Heavy Light Tan  Ll Bean Cardigan Sweater Past Waist Length Looked Like A MILlIOnAIRE.   I Laughed Aloud.   Do The World A Favor Deficient Gook Gangstah MotherfuckerS Lil Pee Pee Ping Pong She xi And un Who Rapes School Girls Nightly And Tortured Otto And Served Him Up To Us On A Stretcher, Slit Your Throats In FROnT Of Mirrors. Ur BEInG Rounded Up And Dumped InTo MAInLAnd China And YourE STAYInG TheRE; DITTo SheEK Salomi And ALl Gangstah Saudis; DITTo Filthy Dirty Kike Creep Genetic Jews Jewesses Slit Your Throats, The WorldS GETTInG Better Already You Parasites, Baby Rapers And Much Much More Via Your Bible Of Hate 22 Books Of The Talmud. Ur So CALlED KOSheR Food Tax FELOnY RACKETEERInG SCHEMe Has Ended. Your Fucked Up Forced Affirmative ACTIOn Has Ended.   No More TAKInG From Whitey You Cocksuckers. Non-Goyem Filthy KikeS Genetic Jews Jewesses Kneel Bend Your Necks Before Ur Masters===> White People, YouNG And Old.   White People Have The Most CROMAGNon Dna Genetic MAKEUp. Filthy KikeS Genetic Jews Jewesses And GookS And Retarded SheEK Salomi Type Saudis Have The Most NEAndERTHAL Dna Genetic Type MAKEUp.   You ALl KNoW CROMAGNon And NEAndERTHAL Fucked OnE ANoTheR?; At OnE POInT In TIMe When SoMe Horny CROMAGNon Didnt KNoW Any Better. SoMeTHInG Like White People Who Defile TheMSELVES And TheIR People By DROPPing Non-White ABOMInAtIOnS Like/As Fucked Up In The Head Harry You KNoW The PRInCE Who Fucks A Nigger And SoOn TheYLl Have A MOnKEY In The Middle And The Filthy KikeSS Genetic Jewess Queen Who Has Pimples On Her Arse Is THRILlED, Oh, Wait A MInUTE, Fucked Up In The Head Harry Is A Filthy Kike Genetic Jew ToO! Never MInD. YourE BEInG Replaced By White Families Who Are Of COAsTAL ENGLAnd FIsHInG ToWNS KikeS Filthy Jews Jewesses Of The So CALlED Royal Family Of ENGLAnd; White People Of ENGLAnd Own Her (ENGLAnd) You Do NoT KikeS Filthy Genetic Jews Jewesses RULInG ENGLAnd For NoW AnyWAY.       And ALl===> KOSheR Food And Goods Tax Is Banned; Affirmative ACTIOn Is Banned; Banned Is Any Filthy Kike Genetic Jew Jewess In A Power POSITIOn; CAsH As Free SPeeCH To Bribe COnGRESSES Via Aipac Etc Is Banned. UNDERSToOD?  
 Well the English liberals, academics, media, all suffer from their English white guilt, but white working class people never have. Thank God English identity and nationalism is coming back with a vengeance.  has woke everybody up, no more white guilt crap.           
 	come on you limey bastards! take it back; send the muslims home & dig that rat fuck Rothschild out of his bunker & . . . do whatever you feel appropriate. 
 I could care less wheather or not it is photoshopped. It just looks odd. Either way do you think these men speak for all of Ireland? They definitely don't speak for me. So am I a potato nigger too? 
 Colin Kaepernick Files Trademark for Image of His Face and Hair    
 	Gag me with a spoon. 
 		Gag is right.  He is a Soy Pu$$y of his Muzzie Girlfriend. 
 just another fucking traitorous, commie nigger bitch1 
  Into the box wine a little early today, huh? 
 		 
 		Bb 
 		 why so upset tonight sociopathic e-celeb? 
 		All this while Marvin Martian tried to blow up Gab. again  
 		All this while Marvin Martian tried to blow up Gab. again  
 Maybe I am just a fucking retard of a filthy infidel, but my brain cells can't see this obviousness. What is this obvious truth you speak of? Big celestial sign in the heavens that says: "Thus sayeth the Lord."? A booming voice rumbling off a smoking mountain? Angelic chariots of fire? That's my expectation for obvious.  
 Gab: Clock Boy my ass. That little sand nigger knew what he was doing. It looked like a bomb! It had wires and a timer. I Dont Care If It Was Fake! We take all threats seriously in America!    : NPCs making fake bombs to get attention. Fucking morons. Oh look, they shoot up a grocery store b/c their bombs are so fake looking. Move along, nothing to see here. 
 I have a friend who considers himself a right-wing Christian. He is livid that I refuse to vote in the midterms (and has even threatened to end our friendship). His problem is that he listens to alt media filling his head with 4-D chess narratives.    This is why I have nothing but harsh invective for the American alt-right. You assholes are leading us off a cliff. 
 		On a site full of brain dead imbeciles, didndu nuffin is probably the stupidest fucking retard of them all. 
 did they finally get rid of this faggot 
 Catalogue:  0146   article:  
 	prob pulling  muzzie later and a godo moon cake 
 It’s always entertaining when they eat each other alive over complete nonsense. 
 	Dumb twat say what ? 
 When Mex move in and Blast Mariach crap . 
 		stupid fucking nigger 
         I'm gonna take a broad brush, just as the anti-Semite freaques here do towards Jews,and paint a picture that these anti-Semite gabbers are All potential murderers    
 	You’re an old dog faced retard who can’t see the forest through the trees   
 PatriotInfidel = faggot    
 everyone knows teens are hot just like everyone knows trans ppl r mentally ill n that saying nigger is funny and not at all racist ur just not allowed to say it 
 Is Vogue In Vogue? 
 	Vogue editor. bitch needs to edit her decision to leave the house look like a fucking retarded pumpkin-pie haircutted freak bag lady 
 I know it's horrible I just come type retard and nigger get it out my system and back to twatter. 
 Will someone check and see if Justice Ginsburg is snoozing right now?      
 	You don't need to check, the answer is always yes. 
 		Heard anything from that faggot ? 
 Farrakhan uses Jewish scholars to prove Jews responsible for slavery.    
 		The stupid nigger used only Jewish scholars to prove it. 
 We need to treat human like human, ghost like ghost and faggot like faggot.  
  
 		Bbc is no longer British ,it's jews, niggers , Indians and such  
 	his brown pets.burning the flag.  
 				Soros Is "white" as you like to call it. 
 					really?   did Whites die in "camps" in Wwii?   were Whites kicked out in pogroms?   why isn't the Adl and Splc called Kkk?  are Africans the same as Indians because of skin tone?  why do Jews have to show Dna to get in Israel?    
 						If you are referring to the people of India as Indians they are actually Caucasian according to 200 years of science. 
 								You obviously have no education in Anthropology.   And the term "Black Irish" was a reference to Irish with dark eyes silly 
 													Tomorrow say hey I really didn’t appreciate it when after i said potato nigger u acted like a giant faggit try to remember that im only dealing with u cuz we work together we aren’t friends and then file a Complaint with Human Resources 
    Always love Queen! 
 	faggot 
 Georgetown Professor Says White Gop Senators Deserve ‘Miserable Deaths’  Calls For Their Corpses to be Castrated and Fed to Pigs          
 	Dried up old cunt having a menopausal hissy fit. Those hot flashes are a bitch! Someone drop her in the Antarctic Ocean and watch the glaciers melt. 
 	Nominating this for Post of the Day. 
 	Nominating this for Post of the Day. 
 Good news! The witch was suspended, but she should be fired!   She's a special-ed teacher for God's sake!       
 	A Retard Teaching Retards, Sounds like Today's School System to me. 
 97% of Black fathers who have children with White women are not active in their children’s lives.     Source:  
 	Thank God our culture and education system are there to fill the void in crafting them into full-on retarded savages.\sarc 
 when you're so ugly your eyelashes jump off your face and take refuge on your glasses 
 		Lel. No, but it should be! is actually some girl wearing glasses, and the top of the frames above the lenses have eyelashes glued on for some unknown reason 
 		Lel. No, but it should be! is actually some girl wearing glasses, and the top of the frames above the lenses have eyelashes glued on for some unknown reason 
 Susan Rice Expresses Interest In Challenging Susan Collins For Maine Senate Seat      
 	this Nigger Bitch Is Another COMMUNIsT Who Needs Destroyed Like All The Rest Of TheM.  
 If you scroll down past all the reposts, he's a self proclaimed blocktard. I followed him with no trouble. 
 	you ain't gonna do shit nigger 
 Why are wealthy liberal white girls holding the ‘black power’ symbol while begging to be arrested for their temper tantrums?   In what over-privileged, bratty alternate universe do these Hollywood elitists think they live in?   , sit down, clown.    
 	Candace needs to read a history book. That symbol is the communist salute. Clearly blacks are too retarded to know that it was in fact the communist that taught that salute to the blacks. They are literally too dumb to come up with their own symbols  
 Holly Molly, Jeb married a spic dwarf ! 
 Yup   I have said this before, and I will say it again. Our foreign policy looks like it was drafted by a schizophrenic retard from hell. Only it really isn't, because Jews are in control of it. All this contradictory bullshit serves the interests of our master, Israel. 
 Rt :    Silly Republicans, you've been demographically replaced. California is one party state because democracy is a racial headcount. Florida and Georgia will soon have black socialist governors, because diversity is disenfranchising white conservatives in those states.  
 	There will Not be a Sand Nigger Socialist as Governor in Florida. 
 Vote Liz Warren Out! 
 		   
 		Fauxcohontas 
 		Fauxcohontas 
 Remember In November  
 	pisses me off how retarded people are these days 
 Follow this good goy        Dindu Nuffin! 
 	Hey brother, I think we got gassed at the same time  Targeted by that report faggot Ca1m 
 Uhhh, so.         Gateway Pundit quoted me this morning.    Wow! 
 	They would off been better off not showing them. At least use a modicum of effort. Rube Goldberg could make a more believable looking bomb. 
 	They would off been better off not showing them. At least use a modicum of effort. Rube Goldberg could make a more believable looking bomb. 
 The worst part about facebook is the likes. When I used to fb I would cuss people out if they liked my post. Lol Like oh, the only response I can get from you is a click or a tap? You lazy fuck. If my post resonates with you comment on it and tell me. Fuck your likes you lazy piece of shit. Then there were ppl who liked all my posts. I'd be like cut it out you freak! Wtf? 
 		cunt 
  
 	Obama Is A Buttfucking, Faggot Assed, Moslem, Cock Sucking, Nigger Monkey. Who Nearly Brought Down America  We WeRE On Our Knees Praying To God For Help When, Jesus Compelled DOnALD Trump To  ! 
   I delete to shatter comment threads for the lulz. 
 	Yeah, Sure . "For lulz"   Nah, you delete simply due to "Slider spam" or better known as "posts that completely debunk your retarded narrative.      
 	You paint an interesting rhetorical picture. 
 		Many of my professors tell me I have a way with words. ;) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 Worst False Flag Ever 
 	It's actually pretty damn pathetic - bad actors!      
 		14. Fake Isis flag sticker that actually sez GitErDone like Larry the Cable Guy as if to say, a redneck sent this. Yeah. Right. 
 			they're really stupid 
 			they're really stupid 
     Look at that ShitBLue shade of that one state.    Faggot state. 
 Rt :    Ambassador Grenell was in the Oval Office with Potus on October 3, the same day that Nikki Haley gave her resignation to Trump  
 	Going from a globalist cunt to a globalist fag. 
 Rt LionelMedia    She's as funny as a pilonidal cyst.     
 	this lesbian nigger makes me sick 
 No. It was created by Marx. Marx was a Jew by heritage only. He was a lazy atheist twat who never practised Judaism his entire life. He also hated Jews in fact. He wanted an ideology that would excuse his laziness so he created socialism. Hitler thought Marxism was stupid for totally ignoring capitalism, so he created his National Socialism which only wanted to nationalise key industries. Much like Corbyn does now. 
 No. It was created by Marx. Marx was a Jew by heritage only. He was a lazy atheist twat who never practised Judaism his entire life. He also hated Jews in fact. He wanted an ideology that would excuse his laziness so he created socialism. Hitler thought Marxism was stupid for totally ignoring capitalism, so he created his National Socialism which only wanted to nationalise key industries. Much like Corbyn does now. 
 communist faggot  Martin Luther did nothing wrong 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 				Blown out O ring  
 				 
 				 
 If ever an event has shown just how far into the lower depths of the Kali Yuga we've really fallen, this whole 'loli' debacle is it. The fact that you're having to have a rational, legalese type argument with utterly degenerate, sick perverts is bizarre. Although a perfect example of the postmodern world.   Lord Kalki, save us! For fuck's sake. 
 	fuck off nigger 
 Radio host Michael Savage has called on President Trump to direct Homeland Security to arrest prominent members of Antifa, labeling the organization a domestic terrorist group.    
 	As have we all, multiple times a day every day for almost two years 
 		Pjw the eternal faggot for israel 
 lol coincidence that none of these bombs worked? lol, the dirty tricks of the globalist cunt hillary and the dimocraps 
 Model Calls Herself ‘Brave’ for Portraying First Lady as a Stripper  Melanie Marden said she was 'empowering' women by being in the controversial music video from leftist rapper T.I.    
 	Melanie Marden deserves to be stoned to death. Purge the evil. 
 		now now, don't get all muzzie on us, just take her out back and put two behind the ear. 
 		now now, don't get all muzzie on us, just take her out back and put two behind the ear. 
 Judge denies Keith Ellison's petition to keep divorce file sealed, redact 'sensitive' information. Their divorce file is expected to be unsealed Wednesday,    
 	Take that nigger down.  
 Is going to the like of junker who grandfather took billions of Luxembourg population took be force you a globalist inside for nazie you will not be pm we fucking cunt like you may your another Tony Blair in fucking dress your most evil lieing cunt for z witch this country has ever had you are a reminder right taking over David Cameron fuck up job for you witch to 
     Another Jew hating retard 
 >Churchill quote in bio Boomer degenerate confirmed  
 	Just love when the kiddies side with the Muslimsno worries there. 
 		Looks like a retarded Npc bot network to me.  Or a retarded homosexual with a thing for projecting degeneracy.   
 Me think your a dyke 
     Did you get gassed over there because of the bot sweep or specific targeting? 
 		Can you imagine being such a retard Jfc  
 This shit that is happening with Ram combined with the total disinterest in prosecuting Antifa is just another sympton of the larger dysfunction of the Trump administration 
 	Antifa has been going to jail.  Don't listen to fake moonbats pretending to be white supremacists.  
 		Really?   What happened to the hundreds of them who were arrested at the inauguration? 
 			They were in Dc, you know, moonbat land, and all the moonbats made sure to get on the juries and acquitted them. 
 				That's not what happened.   Federal prosecutors dropped the charges against hundreds of Antifa. They've been ignored by Trump's Doj ever since as their violence has spiraled to the point where Every Single Weekend they are getting arrested now 
 					I'll out you for the liar you are.  Let's start with Step A.  The Doj did bring charges against them, right?  I bet you fall apart at Step A. 
 						They all walked too.   Federal prosecutors dropped the charges against hundreds of Antifa. This emboldened them to unleash a tidal wave of violence which has gone on unchecked for 2 years now. The Trump admin had been worse than worthless and has gone on to prosecute the guys who Defended Trump supporters at the California rallies 
 								"Jeff Sessions literally lynches niggers and is in the Kkk and voted against integration!1!11" - The Left.   Yeah I fucking wish.  
 Here Is An Article On How Much Greek Philosophy Was Used In The Nt Of The Not So Holy Book AnD A Pic I Saved  
 	It's a hybrid Religon  
 		yes half of it is grece and roman the other half sand nigger isrealite 
 	Negradamus needs to take a drive thru the Watts section. It used to be 100% nigger in the 1960s. Now its 100% beaner. Looks like dey wuz no kangz. 
     Are you aware of this bill that just past the house.    
 	H.R.1911 - Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism Act of 2018   To learn who rules over you, find out who you’re not allowed to criticise.     
 		That cock-faced faggot bitch of a fucking kike cunt president!  Mother fucker!  
 		A poem that has nothing to do with American laws.  
 		A poem that has nothing to do with American laws.  
 Democrats have openly stated (many times) they will repeal the 2nd.    Red 
 	she needs to lay off the sand nigger cock 
 Sheer, utter, unbelievable Bs, from an unfunny comedy hack.  It is embelmatic of Celebrity Culture.and we're supposed to take advice from these ass-hats about who to vote for and why!      
 	you ignorant, jew cunt 
 10 Jahre für ein versautes Frauenleben inkl. Männlichkeit des Freundes.Im Knast wird man den Nigger als Held feiern und die Geschichte von seiner Tat wird, unter gelächter, von Zelle zu Zelle gerufen."Bestrafung" und "Gerechtigkeit" 
 10 Jahre für ein versautes Frauenleben inkl. Männlichkeit des Freundes.Im Knast wird man den Nigger als Held feiern und die Geschichte von seiner Tat wird, unter gelächter, von Zelle zu Zelle gerufen."Bestrafung" und "Gerechtigkeit" 
 		This one gets right into the nitty gritty.  
 		Already seen much of that type (Whites are the real kikes of the bible) crap. Won't waste time on more. Read christling bible & plenty on its origin. Had many contacts with sickos that are greatly infected. Nothing can change perverse suicidal "teachings" into something else.  Abrahamic religions(judaism/islam/christianity)are kikey. That simple. 
 Young British soldier sacked for having his photo taken with British patriot who is critical of Muslim paedophiles !   Please sign the petition    
 	I hate muslim savages more and more every day. I feel sorry for the average White Britain. They need to take action against the muds and kikes. Come on you limey fucks. Find your balls. 
 Liberal logic. 
 	they need a retard emoji 
 I hope so! 
 	she is retarded 
 Nigel Farage:    The Eu gangsters think Brexit can be stopped and in this warped scheme they have a great ally. Her name is Theresa_May.    
 	We can just walk away with middle finger to eu and go straight in to the world trade because we don't like being done over  by nazie cunt s that run all of European so why didnt Hitler do that then killling millions for fuck all  
    I just bloody well Love multicultural  where a Muslim African nigger beats the shit out of a cross dressing freak. How enriching is that? 
 Child Porn is Not Acceptable Here !   Endangering Children ! 
 	this is illegal here The law is written that states representation of a child in a sexual situation, or Displayed in such. Does not have to be a real child to be considered child porn. Everyone, flag this faggot ,and if I find any followers of mine following this shit.im calling you out and shredding your asses 
 Rt :    Sen. Chuck Schumer: "President Trump's nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court will go down as one of the saddest, most sordid chapters in the long history of the federal judiciary."      
 	Says they guy whose own daughter is a carpet munching bull dyke now.  She hated her own father so much that she decided to hate men all together. 
 Oh my god this white nigger is never going to shut the fuck up. 
 post your targets to this thread's comments section. this thread will be replaced weekly to prevent excess thuggery and harassment.   look below for trolling targets when you feel bored. there is no obligation to get involved. 
 		christian Wn seems to be under attack today. this will be an interesting weekend. 
 		christian Wn seems to be under attack today. this will be an interesting weekend. 
 		Islam/Muslims Call All Blacks Abd.It Is Arabic For Nigger And Slave.They Are Not Your Buddy. 
 . as I overturn every fucking retarded nazi demoKKKrat court ruling there is.hahahahahahahaha. 
 Lord only knows why, but a video I posted 2 years ago is all of a sudden blowing up on Youtube for some reason. Maybe you guys will enjoy watching a compilation of protesters getting run over too.     
 	@31sec those dyke bramin bull bitches got back up like getting hit by a car was nothing. Next time it should be a Toyota Tundra that plows into them.  
 More like if your some dumb dirt kenya swahili talkin nigger who aint a american citizen you should become american president  
 Judaism has nothing to do with ethnicity or nationality. It is simply a religion, only. that's all. Now go fuck yourself fuckface 
 	Yet a Jew can be a christian or buddist, and an asian can follow Judaism. Interesting how that blows your whole statement right out of the water 
 				Even before that, it was plain as day obvious that religion doesn't exist absent the human meat suits through which it is transmitted.   The idea that religious groups could breed only within their in-group for centuries without biology emerging as a component of their group identity is foundationally fucking ridiculous. 
 				I never said Jews are just a religion i said Judaism is just a religion. You buncha moronic idiots just don't seem to understand that Judaism is not synonymous with Jews. Any race or person on planet earth can Choose to follow Judaism.but that Does Not Make Them A "Jew" Jew is short for "JewISH". Not "Judaism"  What a bunch of complete imbecilic dumbasses 
 				Judaism is synonymous with Jews. People who embrace Judaism want to die for Jews. Yes, anyone can become a good goy, the fact is, Judaism (just like communism) is a product of ethnic Jews. They are completely and utterly related.  
 			Judaism is a Religion, not a Nationality nor Ethnic Group 
 			Judaism is a Religion, not a Nationality nor Ethnic Group 
 	Same old tricks. You aren’t fooling anyone anymore fuckbag. Cat is outta the bag. U look like a faggot tryin to stuff it back in.  
 Nike'S New $50 Colin Kaepernick T-Shirt Sells Out In Less Than A Day  Nike's new Colin Kaepernick t-shirt sold out in a single day as the apparel giant hopes to capitalize on the controversial former San Francisco 49ers Qb's marketing appeal.   via  
 	Nigger Shirt ! 
 The silver lining of mass Muzzie (((immigration))) is that fags will be beaten down in the streets on a much more regular basis.  
 Anjem Choudary has financial assets frozen and passport seized before his release.    
 	The cunt should be hung by the balls. 
 James Woods:   This mob behavior is now the standard operating procedure whenever socialist/communist cadres insert themselves into the political process. It is surprise Cuban officials act this way, and sadly it has become the norm with Democrats in America.    
 	 
 			This is how we handle 's. 
 					 
 							"I know you arebut what am I?"   That seems to be your level.   Unsurprising.   Thanks for the free meme though. 
 							"I know you arebut what am I?"   That seems to be your level.   Unsurprising.   Thanks for the free meme though. 
 	 In related news, a man who can't hold down a job lectures the world on how the economy works, cue golf clap  
 		Lol Who's this bloke then mate? 
 			Jew  Bernie Sanders. He was running for the Democratic nomination for President, but Hilary screwed him. He's a commie anyway.  
 				Ok. My mate here  is a right wing Jew. So he cancels out your Bernie. Next. 
 					You're all commies. 
 					A right wing jew? Did they carbon date him? 
 					you just need to vote harder Goyim  
 			Drives around in 170k car!  
 And if they didn't, they'd be charged w a hate crime. Parents, too. Sounds like North Fucking Korea. Down with all faggots! Even more than the niggers. My dream: a million faggots weighted down with lead and sunk in the ocean. with every faggot holding a kike under each arm. 
 yo what's with all the jew hatred here at gab? 
 	Are you satisfied with your current rabbi? 
 		The cracka jews are working hard af to genocide the cracka goyim. But without Civic judaism and open borders for Israel, cracka jews will not survive. It's a huge transition for cracka jews to make. They are now going into an infinity nigger mode, and Black Hebrews will be resented for their leadinng role, but without that leading role, Shoshanna will not get blacked. 
 wow.Bette Midler said nigger  
 	Mexicans came from Spain? 
 		Actually Mexicans are a mixture of the Aztecs, Toltecs, Mayan  etc. tribes native to Mexico, and the conquering Conquistadors from Spain. Hybrids. 
 			Some probably were willing, but most probably not, so, yes, rape babies. 
 																		1/ Just saying, nigger literally means black-skinned person. It's a lame insult. Big City Liberals are the biggest White Supremacists! Call a person fat it's hurtful because they're fat. Call a person a nigger or a chink, you're just butchering their identity. It doesn't point out any real shortcoming.  
 Jamal opines on the White Women Question 
 	of course jamal is going to bloviate about white women. always a jew or a nigger 
 	You already tried that and failed.  Why do you keep persisting with failed policies?  Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result. 
 	You already tried that and failed.  Why do you keep persisting with failed policies?  Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result. 
 I’ve been pretty quiet lately because I’m deep behind enemy lines. That ends soon, get on the ColeTrain mother fuckers!  
 	Oh, I do see what 'train' to which you are referring. That would be the Nigger train of Niggers raping our White women in groups, yes? 
 Lots and lots of dirt world immigrants who claim asylum and suddenly convert to Christianity when they get turned down for lack of any sort of asylum reason. Hey, presto! Suddenly they would be persecuted in their shit hole muzzie home country. 
 Just a hunch but I think she / it  is a man hater. The vermin of the left.           
 	retard 
 Believe it or not, Elizabeth Warren is claiming this test vindicates her.  At best, it would make her 1/64 native American.  Most tribes require at least 1/8 to be considered a member.  If I take a Dna test and I find 0.1% African blood, can I get some affirmative action from you whiteys?  
 	This crazy old cunt will grasp at anything to legitimize her lunacy. 
 Rt :    .@DonaldJTrumpJr Hits Back At  After She Implies His Sons Must Have Abusive Tendencies      
 	Bull Dyke 
 	yes 
 	yes 
 Important Psa to frequent visitors of Free Speech Group: Because of the lefts new onslaught of attacks against @a & , Gab will likely be down come Monday morning & remain that way for a few weeks while Gab tries to find a new host.    Love you & hope to see you all posting again soon! 
 	Wtf shut down why? Fuckin left faggot libtards?  Wtf Dude  
 Wee little ones living in their bubble. 
 		bring it on, you bunch of dizzy fuckin, bat shit crazy nigger lovin broads 
 "For I the Lord thy God will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not; I will help thee."  Isaiah 41:13 (Kjv)   
 	When I was young and one of my mum brother ask me pull on is finger and dirty cunt farted and fucking stink s so boy and girl if someone in your family ask to pull the finger don't do it  
 Oldest Closet Faggot Awards   Here's the contender list:   --Wolf Blitzer   --Jorge Ramos   --George Soros 
  
 	Putting Retarded Bitches In Office Like This  Is A DIsGRACE . 
 I'm not going to say much about this, except to report the gist of what happened.    One of my female relatives lives alone with her daughter in a large city in Fl.   Her daughter works, and was away at work when this happened.    My relative went out to her garden late yesterday morning, came back inside and didn't lock the door behind her, and so was followed into the house by a vibrant individual.      Shortly after the event, she called my dad, who told her to call 911 and he'd be over.  (Not unusual for people in my family to call either my dad or I in preference to 911.)  An ambulance took her to the hospital for the standard rape kit and also treatment of multiple lacerations because it took place in the bathroom and glass items/shower door/mirror were broken as she struggled.  While she was in the hospital, crime scene investigators went over her house and removed several items for fingerprint/Dna analysis etc.    For undisclosed reasons, this particular relative cannot be armed, though her daughter is.  But her daughter wasn't home.  The last thing she needed was the event of yesterday.    My Dad is there now taking care of things and making sure she is okay.      It's likely I'll disappear for a couple of days in the near future just to help out with installing some security stuff etc.   When I disappear, my phones etc don't come with me.  If I don't answer texts, calls or email, don't be concerned -- I'll get to it when I get back.  Family first! 
 	Sympathies for your family and family does come first.  Bury the faggot in the hills if you get a chance to have personal justice because he'll get paroled within a few years anyway. 
 Ready for      : Masculine men are Right-Wing Jerks     : Being Physically Heathy, Can Make You Mentality Heathy As Well  
 		"The only good thing is that we know all the Pansy-ass boys are Left-Wing Jerks."  Fixed it. 
 Rt :    Fbi/Doj/Mueller source for abusive spy warrants targeting  pleads the the Fifth.  
 	you know we could end all this treachery and sedition in 30 seconds .   its called hanging and it has been proven to stop the guilty with no chance of recidivism   but maybe we just dont have the cojones to do the right thing anymore  
 		Maybe in your part of the country 
 			If you happen to be a Spartan , you may find a hanging corpse to be nothing more than lawn decoration.    for everyone else everywhere else. its a message  
 				I'm a hillbilly from way back in the deep dark woods of the Blue Ridge Mountains let's just say I'm not even going to say what happens with people that breaks certain rules. molestation ,rape, murder,. Etc   
 					Then you and i are right on the same page.    Keep up the good work 
 					I'm sure _nothing_ happens. They just disappear. You know, leave the area. <cough>    Rumors to contrary involving disused mine shafts and pig farms are strictly rumours.  
 						 and thats the way a ha a ha they like it a ha a ha  
 					No there's a few old silver mine shafts which are bottomless and with today's technology we can't get down there Spanish for 3 or 4 miles down 
 					same thing here in South Louisiana, Cajuns here just let the swamp clean up after.you know. no evidence, no crime, right? 
 					ahhh nature  
 					ahhh nature  
 typical nigger behavior  
 Whether you like it or not, this app is an echo chamber. If you aren't a socially conservative libertarian you have no room to speak your opinion and be heard. 
 	Doesn't an echo chamber only echo one thing?  
 		Pro trump, pro capitalism, pro white nationalism 
 			Hey, teenwitch, I don't like white nationalism. My political views are pretty much classical liberal type. Am I a white supremacist in your view? 
 				nationalist a person who strongly identifies with their own nation and vigorously supports its interests ,,,,, seems to cover most citizens of any nation it seems. The left trying to make the word evil is meaningless. 
 					Patriotism is strong support and love for your country.   Nationalism includes the same but a strong sense of superiority over other peoples.   You cut that part out of your definition. 
 							The Difference Between Nationalism, Patriotism  Nationalism has a number of near-synonyms, each of which carries its own distinct meaning. Patriotism is similar insofar as it emphasizes strong feelings for one’s country, but it does not necessarily imply an attitude of superiority.   Merriam-Webster 
 								You can dislike or even hate a people, a country, a religion, or  a culture and not feel even a bit superior to any of them. You just don't like them and they probably don't like you.   Patriotism I understand as a veteran, Nationalism I understand as a citizen. I am most proudly both. 
 									Why do people continue to state America is Nationalist? America is Federalist and has never been Nationalist.    
 									they call non commies nationalist not the country. It has to fit in their 'white supremacist Nationalist' screed. It would just confuse the commies to try to explain a federation of states argument to them. 
 									they call non commies nationalist not the country. It has to fit in their 'white supremacist Nationalist' screed. It would just confuse the commies to try to explain a federation of states argument to them. 
 	 
 		Redneck? That baby is in a watermelon. That baby must be an albino African.  
 		 
 	get my grape drank ho   it be time for the ballgame   what you trippin fo? 
 		 grape drank  
 		 grape drank  
 Being white supremacist = being more than 100% likely to be a faggot than normal people.  Lmao 
 No more Twitter  
 	I was wondering why I hadn't seen you on Twat ter! Did a search glad I found you here.  
 	I was wondering why I hadn't seen you on Twat ter! Did a search glad I found you here.  
 	I'd have some sympathy if he didn't stream while I'm at work half the time. I was so far behind up until yesterday. 
 	I'd have some sympathy if he didn't stream while I'm at work half the time. I was so far behind up until yesterday. 
 Tucker Asks Jorge Ramos How Many Caravan Members He Was Taking In.  "You don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals  Someone better tell that to Mollie Tibbets and Kate Steinle   Things got awkward fast after Fox News host Tucker Carlson asked Univision anchor Jorge Ramos to state exactly how many caravan members He planned to personally take in.   Ramos, an outspoken immigration advocate, spoke with Carlson remotely on Tuesday from the caravan in southern Mexico. The Fox News host’s question came after the Univision host made several comments defending its members, including insisting unequivocally that none of them were from the Middle East.   How many of these migrants are you taking in personally into your home and are supporting once they get into the United States? Carlson asked.  I think that’s a great question and that’s precisely the kind of question that people like you ask when you don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals, responded Ramos. It has to do with nations. And what we have to understand is that these refugees are not a threat to the United States. I know that in Fox News   Before you attack Fox, this is a simple question, Carlson interrupted. How many are you taking in?   After a back and forth that included Ramos stating that immigrants’ desire to come is really a love letter to the United States, the Fox News host pressed again: I’m asking you a very simple question  How many of these migrants are you personally taking responsibility for? How many are going home to Jorge’s place in Miami at the end of the day? And please be specific.   I think that again this has nothing to do with individuals. I wish I could help all of them, responded Ramos.   How about three? asked Tucker.  After another dodge, Carlson told Ramos: I could count on you to do a stand-up next to them but probably not to help them, I noticed.   People are very upset about the migrant crisis, Carlson told the audience after Ramos had signed off. Not upset enough to help personally but upset enough to demand that you help. 
 		Everything there is pretty obvious to see now. Just watch tv.  95% of ads promote interracial. It disgusts me everytime and makes it even more necessary to only date white. What's insane is trying to date and having white women attack me for saying I only date white women. Lmao 
 		If I say" I only date sane fit/skinny white women who arent skanks or any weird sexualities and is christian." I'm banned no doubt. I become a racist sexist cisgender fat shamer slut shamer homophobic moron who believes in a flying spaghetti monster who probably voted for Trump. Bye bye account.  
 		So that's what every millenial who gets on social media is facing. They are all on social media. The shit talking or real speech only exists in video games and they are cracking down hard on that. So these kids are doomed but the next gen rebels so the ones being born right now to the millenial freaks might come out ok.  
 		So that's what every millenial who gets on social media is facing. They are all on social media. The shit talking or real speech only exists in video games and they are cracking down hard on that. So these kids are doomed but the next gen rebels so the ones being born right now to the millenial freaks might come out ok.  
 AlwaysActions:    Why are you rioting ? ?   "Rich people not giving  us money "    
 	Fucking Nigger Trash     We Don'T OWe U Shit    Mother Fucker Get A Job Criminal Trash 
 			You Took the Words Right Out of my Mouth. They Call themselves White Nationalists, but have Little to No Respect for their Fellow Comrades. 
 					Yet another Counterproductive Shit Starter, Worthless Piece of Shit.  : 
 							Go Fuck yourself, Jesus was No Jew, you're just Too Fucking Stupid to Learn. 
 								He was a Jew, we all know, except you. "King of the Jews" , stop the meth 
 																		Lol, Good one, your guess is as good as mine, maybe Captain Caveman will Exercise his 68 Iq & give us his Answer. 
 Report: Nikki Haley will leave Pres. Trump admin at end of year. 
 	Goodbye cunt 
  comms this morning. Missing "enc."  Let's keep an eye on this, and see what develops.    
 	If Trump had typed out 'Emergency' then the post would be two characters over the limit.  That's all that I think about that 'typo' 
 		This useless faggot neon revolt won't get many boomers with pickled brains reading his screeds if he's honest. He has to read into nothing. He's a gay faggot  
 "Obama's .entire administration was focused on political espionage in Operation Chokepoint, which was intended to identify and punish businesses that engaged in activities deemed contrary to the Wh political objectives. "   --HistoryMatters 
 		His people are still working the Deep State. the corruption passes between administrations via the continuity of government. the presidents are puppets. 
 		The Last bit -- 100%. His people . No madame, that is Not the order of operations goes. You see Obama was a rumdummy -- they all basically have been since Nixon or mabye Lbj . Elections are just a formality. Since only upheaval is gonna bring down the deep state. 
 		I think you mean to say -- That Bureaucrats tend to outlast presidents. Due to long term service in the various agencies and departments -- some useful, some not so.  The CoG is something all together. But it is part of the Rex 84 documents. Survival of a Nuclear First Strike was the idea. Second Strike capacity.  
 		I think you mean to say -- That Bureaucrats tend to outlast presidents. Due to long term service in the various agencies and departments -- some useful, some not so.  The CoG is something all together. But it is part of the Rex 84 documents. Survival of a Nuclear First Strike was the idea. Second Strike capacity.  
 This is what real hate looks like. I mean true hatred of the heart. It's so sad. My heart breaks for him. Please pray that this man here gets right with the Lord Jesus Christ. The Lord can save him and make him a new creation in Christ. 
 		Sure, I love them enough not to murder innocent people who have not threatened me and my family with weapons. I suggest you seek the Lord Jesus because you are obviously evil and headed to hell. 
 		Do you love them when they murder whites on a daily basis? Who cries for those white victims? Surely not you.  
 		The person or persons who do this should be horribly punished for their wicked crimes. If you've read my page at all, you'd find I'm very pro-white and against white genocide but we must not become the aggressors ourselves.  
 		We must not let them kill us either. Unless we start fighting back then that is what will happen. You fight fire with fire, not love. You can save that Christian love for your white kin, not blacks that would slice your throat at a drop of a dime.    
 		We must not let them kill us either. Unless we start fighting back then that is what will happen. You fight fire with fire, not love. You can save that Christian love for your white kin, not blacks that would slice your throat at a drop of a dime.    
 "Justin Trudeau was in Toronto on Tuesday night warning the next election would be nasty, but he wouldn’t be part of it. -- By Wednesday afternoon Trudeau was calling Conservative Mp Lisa Raitt and her colleagues ambulance chasers."          
 		Based on recent polls, you may be right. Bernier already has over 20,000 members and $338,000 raised. The Cpc has their work cut out for them. Either way, the Liberals will try to ensure a win by compromising election integrity. 
 		Based on recent polls, you may be right. Bernier already has over 20,000 members and $338,000 raised. The Cpc has their work cut out for them. Either way, the Liberals will try to ensure a win by compromising election integrity. 
  
 	Wonder is this clown has learned the lyrics to Folsom Prison Blues yet. Hope he gets a cell with A 300 pound redneck sex offender with the confederate flag tattood on his pubic area for Bo to look at all day and night.  
  
 	Dear retarded boy,  Mommy must not be from the Usa judging by your skin tone and her lack of knowledge about the 1st Amendment. Your penmanship is also terrible. Sad.  Sincerely, Donald    
 We should just fuckin shoot the cunt with the wheelbarrow too  
 Another day, another ridiculous controversy on gab. I can't believe I'm about to type all this shit out from a phone, but here it goes.   Flat chested is a reasonable fetish. Hairless is a reasonable fetish. I can get how people are into that, and I was a flat fan for a long time. Tastes change /shrug/.   I'm a firm believer that if a crime hasn't been committed, who cares. Moral absolutism isn't for me, except on very serious issues. Beating your meat to anime representations of little girls isn't a serious issue. That said, it does go a little beyond fetishizing the flat chest or the hairless crotch. The loli I've seen has baby fat and other physical traits that are undoubtedly child-like. It doesn't get me going, but neither do feet and I don't question those weirdos, so I'm not going to tell anyone to kick their loli fetish because I don't get it. (footfags are gross by the way, fucking kill yourselves).   I'm not a psychologist so I can't say if a person stroking their cock to loli is a pedo at heart or just makes a fetish out of ruining innocence or something similar. I'd actually be interested to know how many pedos are behind bars or otherwise convicted as such that had loli - not child porn - on their phones, computers, etc (in addition to the child porn, of course). I'm talking out of my ass here, but I actually think the facts would be surprising.   Needless to say, there's 3 loli threads on halfchan's /b/ at any given time. There's probably a loli board on 8ch and I know there's a loli board on 7chan. I'm not knocking your thing, but it's a bit excessive to need loli to be part of your experience on gab as well. Should it be a bannable offense on a free speech site? No, that's laughable. Is it purportedly a legal grey area? Sure. I'm not a lawyer.   @a ,you're probably the most nightmarish Pr rep since Dina over at the Mighty No. 9 "forum". If you're nervous that the enemy is gonna use loli against you as a reason to deplatform gab, say it in as many words. Here's something you're going to have to learn as a creator, if you haven't learned it already: no one who uses your creation gives a shit about your personal feelings and a good 80% probably disagree with them. You have to separate yourself from how someone uses what you made, it's the only way to be lastingly happy. So if there's a legal reason or a strategic reason, give the masses those reasons. No one asked you to inject your philosophy on top of that. That's my two cents on the matter, if you've paid any attention to this novella. Go ahead and call me a pedo defender too, if you want. 
 	More people seriously need to read and repost this - yes, even the Torba loyalists.   Very, very good and nuanced take on the whole Loli censorship shitshow. 
 		Molesting children is a crime. Wanting to molest children is gross, but not a crime. Am I missing anything? 
 			 Here you go retard  
 Gab Nazi:  "Jews control the world"   Me: Actually Jews only represent 0.2% of the world's population and besides.  Muslims make up 24% of the population.  Do Jews control them too?   Gab Nazi:  ".Kike !" 
 			It's not worship. It's admiration for a man whose life wasn't pointless, as yours apparently is. 
 				oh sure, he started Wwii, murdered millions, led Germany to utter ruin and put a bullet in his head for good measure   who wouldn't admire that? 
 					England and France started Ww Ii by signing a mutual defense treaty with Poland. The city of Danzig had always been German but was partitioned to Poland during the Treaty of Versailles. The "Bromberg Massacre" was when Polish communists brutally murdered ethnic Germans in Danzig. Hitler intervened, England-France sprang to Polands defense. 
 						Lol   signing the treaty did not start Wwii, Hitler invading Poland did   More Poles died in that massacre than Germans did and it happened After Hitler invaded Poland 
 							Lol! slow down their boomer, get your glasses and read it again. I said the reason Ww Ii started was the mutual defense treaty activated by Hitler invading Poland. And the Reason Why Hitler did so was to stop the massacre of Germans in the city of Danzig. And anyway, its kind of a joke England and France came to protect Poland only later to give it to Stalin. 
 								there was no massacre of Germans in Danzig prior to Hitler invading   their treaty with Poland applied Only if Germany invaded, no one else 
 									Of course the treaty only applied if Germany invaded, because o'l uncle Stalin and his murdering Bolsheviks were Americas best friend. In fact America loved Stalin so much, they let Communism take half of Europe. Yes indeed, the greatest generation sure did liberate Europe, didnt they Jay?      
 										They murdered innocent Germans those Polak bastards. 
 										They murdered innocent Germans those Polak bastards. 
 Nationalism gives the individual a voice in the world and an identity.It also gives citizens economic power. Something a soulless commie like yourself wouldn't understand. Collectivism steals from the productive and gives it to the unproductive. 
 			I reckon that’s true. 
 			I reckon that’s true. 
 A fresh nigger like dat with bbq sauce sanz  
 	Lay off the Weed  
 		Don't blame weed for this retarded fuck 
 The people who get exterminated don't get to write History. Adolf Hitler wanted Peace but the Jewish Allies lusted after the blood of women & children. Winston Churchill WW1 - "Perhaps the next time round, the way to do it will be to kill women, children and the civilian population" 
 	I love this war. I know it's smashing and shattering the lives of thousands every moment - and yet I can't help it, I enjoy every second of it" & "Perhaps the next time round, the way to do it will be to kill women, children and the civilian population" - Winston Churchill on WW1 
 		drunken kike sucking faggot war criminal is what he was. 
 boy he looks like an Aids infected jizzguzzling knobgobbling asseating mentally ill faggot 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 	His name is: Jordan Hunt.  (aka. Jordan Cunt)   He's a hairdresser in Toronto.    
 			I'm going to add this to my description of these people.  Fairy gay demonic faggot.  Lol 
 This is great news if true!   Feinstein may lose to De Leon in November anyway, but she should be prosecuted!   Oh My: Senate Moves Toward Full Investigation Of Ford Legal Team And Senator Diane Feinstein    
 		DeLeon is a nightmare!  Don't we have Anyone who can beat him? 
 			Not my state 
 				They're All Our States!  I am not giving up Ca to Foreigners!  
 				They're All Our States!  I am not giving up Ca to Foreigners!  
 The Zodiac Killer don’t give a fuck about your stupid sign. I do feel bad that your kids are being raised by a retard though: 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 			To answer your question - yes you are a stupid fool. And now I see you are a faggot to boot. Not surprised. 
 				Btw in a sane world Everyone (adoption agency personnel,political whores that allow it/media whores/faggotts/judicial whores etc) involved in faggot adoptions should be exterminated like the vile creatures that they are. The same is the case when it comes to lesbian adoptions.  K them all! 
 				Btw in a sane world Everyone (adoption agency personnel,political whores that allow it/media whores/faggotts/judicial whores etc) involved in faggot adoptions should be exterminated like the vile creatures that they are. The same is the case when it comes to lesbian adoptions.  K them all! 
 White women say this to me all the time now. Eq is just as important as Iq. It's usually just before I trigger the shit out of them and they go full retard on me.  
 So I’m allowed to say nigger on here? Wild 
 Brett Kavanaugh's approval by the Senate after the most disgusting campaign waged by Democrats against him means the Republicans will wipe their feat with Democrats at the midterms. I hear donations to the Republican party increased by tenfold. 
 	You heard wrong, probably on FOx. The republicans wanted him confirmed because they knew that would be the last thing they could get away with. Midterms is going to slaughter the red team. Nothing like hearing hillbilly rednecks crying. 
 		I'd take a 70 Iq fake Muslim over a slimy kike any day.  At least they believe in Jesus as an article of their faith and have a pseudo foundation.   
 They are getting sloppy. 
 	Sorry, must be a senior moment, but I don't understand. 
 			and yet here you are Mr. Npc   on Gab   with the other "dumb trump supporters"   sooo. 
 			and yet here you are Mr. Npc   on Gab   with the other "dumb trump supporters"   sooo. 
  
 	clocks! Want to see her take that big cunt please! Get her cunt stretched! 
 Andrew, all I ask for is for the fairy gay faggot tranny porn to disappear. That shit is absolutely disgusting.  If you are wanting to get more people on Gab having tranny porn randomly appear in someone's timeline is most certainly Not the way to do it. That's a good way to drive good people away from Gab. 
 I have bet it was Muslim or Islam that try smash the magna Carta to day if was them police that arrested that scum I would betten you to fucking death you evil hateful cunt to population of Uk English king s and has the population god hope you fuck ing die cunt 
  
 	where can i donate? i want one of these at every school in britain inshallah 
 		ye a funny cunt  
 Cover your ears.   Profanity laced post.   This what a stupid fucking worthless piece of feminist twat shit looks like.   She's why the words fucking asshole are in the English language.   The C word too. 
 You'd better start worrying about Michelle Obama because even though she's postponing taking heat by claiming that she's not running for President, she is still filling arenas for campaign rallies that she's disguising as a "book tour".    And this is despite Charging people $30 - $500 to get in!   68% approval when she left White house    
 	bullshit. 
 		Easier than facing who? Retard muted. 
 Two pea’s from the same pod  
 		Blair knew exactly what he was doing. I believe him and Gordon Brown did it "to rub the rights nose in diversity" in his own words. Geldof probably thought he was doing some good, while making himself rich at the same time and its backfired on him spectacularly, with his daughter dead at the hands of a nigger drug dealer. 
  
 	How can that faggot be gay and non-binary, and why hasn't he thrown himself off a rooftop for thinking he has Wmd's that he doesn't have?   Thank God statistics show he will, eventually, do it. 
 Fbi Clears Kavanaugh: White House Finds No Corroboration Of Sexual Misconduct In Fbi Report    We all knew this. Good job by the Trump team and the Republicans for predicting what the commies would do.    
 	We Knew That Ford Was A Liar Once We Watched Ford'S Accounting.She Had No Verification From Anyone.The So - Called "Party Attendees Said TheY WeRE NoT TheRE".And She Smiled Too Much For A Victim.Plus She Is NoT A Doctor Under  CALIForNIA Laws.Plus She Teaches The Cia Mind Manipulation Strategy. 
 		Now it comes out she was known as "Blow-z" Ford in Hs  slut whore cunt 
 				Sorry about your dad. 
 						These leftists are mentally ill. 
 							Hey  i see your out of jail ,again.did you get some Big black lovin in there? 
 						Right-on, bro! You tell that wasted Thot how it is. 
 								Are you coming on to me? I'm not into relationships. I do not lust after you, I do not need you, and you are free to go be a lesbian Jew princess and adopt some brown baby from the Shithole of Your Choice. Happy trails, biatch!  
 Oh, yay. A commie twat on here is trying to tell me what to say now. How about they go fuck themselves instead.  
 Thanks to all the feminists who have shared my tweets and threatened to kill me this week for helping me spread my message to millions. You've helped me create a national dialogue about gun rights and proven why we carry. #2A 
 	Wait until you encounter the racism here.  I came to this site on your recommendation.  Not blaming you, but what is your take on all of the judgments based on the false concept of race?  
 		 Are you saying you are a Racist Sexist leftist piece of shit?  All lefties are socially constructed to be brainwashed retarded monkey brains who cannot understand Facts!  It is a Fact that all Identity politics Are Racism and Sexism!  This mean the morally degenerate Feminists Are Sexist!  Black Lies Matter Are Racist Pigs! So all Jews and Demonrats are blatantly Racist and Sexist!  But the Retarded social construct that is all lefties and Jews is devoid of even a semblance of intellectual awareness!  If you do not understand what I just said, your genetic profile is socially constructed with your head up your Ass!  But you still don't smell your own shit! 
 	Another jew pervert 
 To be clear, Gab user David Vance is a kike worshipping Jew faggot who is only here to cause distention amognst Gab users. 
 	Very very sad. And very very true. 
 	Very very sad. And very very true. 
 Rt PrisonPlanet    Homeless man To Antifa: "White Privilege! I live on the f-king street bitch!"     
 	Facts don't matter to these Retarded Lefties! Democrats have the intelligence of your typical gnat! 
 Americans get real upset when anyone disrespects Real Indians, like Chief Dan George & Jay Silverhills who we grew up loving & respecting their honor & loyalty   "Today is a good day to die", but then I found out Pocahontas was scalped by Big White Chief. 
 		No Democrat does. 
 				Notice how easy it is to drive the Democrat Nazi All Bat Shit Crazy 
 					 = Worthless Nigger Lovers who think they are enlightened . but Who also Avoid  like the black death . since they know deep down it is all a lie. 
 Sorry this is gross but it is important to see how liberal feminists have destroyed men. Just look at this piece of shit. I don't want these people anywhere near me or my family. It should be a crime to allow children near any democrats. 
 	That's beyond retarded and gross. 
 			I would say that rule of law derived from a Christian faith is inherently European and may not be suitable for none other. Bluntly put,  paganism is divisive and there is neither time for nor strength in that. Unite or die .  
 				 is all about unity: Unity in  .    is all about the global  brotherhood of man, irrespective of race or species (yes, the  is a different species according to , as well as modern ).   Source Of Image:       
 					It's clear you know very little history .The only unifying force in Europe has been the Christian church which not only saves the West from the scourge of barbarianism but from subjugation under Islam too.  
 							1) Christianity is again weakened by tolerance of evil, including that of paganism . Spain fell into 800 years of darkness by allowing their nation to be converged by the heresy of judaizers who betrayed both church and state and only recovered their sovereignty and power of faith after uniting to conduct a great purge.  
 																			yes Pasta nigger I am a little bit  
 .@SadiqKhan has been accused of misleading Londoners over the rising costs and delays of .  
 	Time to either turf or imprison this Muzzie Pos!   Think carefully before electing your Mayor! 
 How to make sure you have ugly kids that don't look like you. 
 	Any White woman who starts a family with a nigger knows nothing but scorn. She lies awake at night with tears of regrets rolling down her soiled cheeks.   Her life was wasted shitting out low-Iq mongrels.  
 		More truth! 
 		A thousand generations of Whites, eventually building the greatest civilization the Earth has ever known.   Thrown away by screwing some savage beast. A few generations ago these mud-hut, grub-eating niggers didn’t know a written language or understand the wheel, if not for generous Whites.  
 sweden.gif 
 	Holy faggot !  
 Democrats have openly stated (many times) they will repeal the 2nd.    Red 
 	 
 		More fake news from another nazi hating jew. Keep pushing faggot and those pics will be real someday. Baby dick eater over here judging anyone is absolutely hilarious.  
 Speaker Ryan: Gop Keeps Its Promises, Must Maintain Congress Majorities         #1A #2A                         vs      
 	That faggot needs to just go away 
 Any words? 
 	the only good nigger is a dead nigger 
 	You haven't destroyed either of the topics. 
 		No u 
 		No me 
 		Yea u  
 		Yea @a 
 		What rule did I violate? No bot was used in that flood of enrichening memes and thus did not violate Tos 
 		I'm just replacing "u" with @a like I did "me" before. 
 		no u 
 		no @z 
 Gotta wake her up first   Please resign today!    Lmao                           
 	a huge plus for  to be confirmed and a huge plus for America   she's a witch and as a  I don't mean that figuratively 
 		This self-righteous cobwebbed cunt needs to get hit by a bus 
 That should keep the pesky faggot battalion of your asshole and pie hole with their filthy aids cock trying to liberty fuck you in the dark  
 .|"|  .|.there is no trans debate.|  .|.you are just mentally ill.|  .|____________________________|  .\ (_) /  .\./  .-  .|.| 
 	Coming from a Qanon retard that means. absolutely nothing. 
 		 Maybe you could Judge a pickle contest at a county fair. Maybe. But you produce no Dread at all. You're just pathetic. Go ask mommy for hot pockets or pizza rolls.  #Q 
 		 Maybe you could Judge a pickle contest at a county fair. Maybe. But you produce no Dread at all. You're just pathetic. Go ask mommy for hot pockets or pizza rolls.  #Q 
 						Then why do the actions which keep in this prison? Why are set on stupid? 
 								Try harder. You are just a joke. Simple. I am laughing at you.  
 								I don't worship Lucifer like you who is the ultimate loser! Why don't you go take a shit and see what you really look like!  You are probably jealous that you are so ugly and bitchy, like Jewish women.  The lowest of the low! 
 Stephen Curry has a history of lighting up the Knicks      
 		Americanus mungrelis.American Mongrel 
 		Americanus mungrelis.American Mongrel 
 5th October 1974 the Ira murdered Ann Hamilton, 19. Off duty soldier in 4th week of basic training, Women's Royal Army Corps. 1 of 5 murdered in Horse & Groom pub, Guildford. No warning bomb killed 4 off duty soldiers & civilian. Kung Fu Fighting playing when exploded 20:50 Guildford is in Surrey S.England.    
 	300,000 Irish were put into slavery as political prisoners by England. The occupation of Ireland was brutal, and yet you bitch that the Irish have the balls to resist and fight back?   Worthless Boomer Limey Cuck  
 		You Limey Mf bastards made the same claims against Americans, as terrorists  when you tried to occupy us and ban guns here in 1776. What part of F off back to your own land don’t you get?  
 Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote:    Nazbowl siege man    Silverdawn    Proud Wasp    Vanilla Nilla   *** A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
 	This is the same imbecile from 8chan. He's there on 8pol hysterically screeching about the urgency of electing jewish capital. 
 		Bahahaha. You are so fucking retarded I literally can't believe it. Are you a parody account? 
 It's all in vain, the education war is won. The youth are radicalized.  Nobody will ever believe the mainstream media, watch the Nfl, or see the corrupt Fbi as anything other than an enemy of America ever again.  You can kill, defame or imprison everyone and this liberal Jewish order is still going down. 
 	There are specific categories of white youth that are alienated by the system. Certainly this cohort will grow over time. The problem is that by the time this sense of alienation is fully manifested we may not have the numbers to effect the necessary change.   Even if balkanization happens and we concentrate into a specific area where we are sovereign, the enemy will still have its bolthole in the middle east and the enemy will surround us with hostile forces.   We need a sense of urgency, and we've got to ditch Trump who has turned out to be the Great Deceiver. 
 		Hey  who would you replace Trump with? 
 				Yeah, I may be brain dead, but your vicious use of the word retard speaks volumes of your character.   Go ahead, you have the last word with me.    
 					And your continued fellation of the professional liars who wouldn't even piss on you if you were on fire speaks volumes of your character. Namely that you don't have one.  
 					And your continued fellation of the professional liars who wouldn't even piss on you if you were on fire speaks volumes of your character. Namely that you don't have one.  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Another stupid move from Torba. Who could have guessed? 
 		 you're such a faggot. Oh, I made a fucking facebook group, who cares. You were one of the first mother fuckers to mute me. No wonder you're so in favor of the disassociate button, aka block button. You're just a little bitch who can't handle the bantz. Like a true faggot mod.  
 Are there ever any straight white couples in television adverts anymore? Goddamn Nigger kikes always put white human women with Nigger ugly Nigger apes. 
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.  Another chicken shit white Liberal whose whore wife fucked a Nigger and he just shrugs and says 'O.K'.  If it were my wife, I'd take her and the nigglets home, cut their throats and throw them into a really deep hole.  The only good Nigger is a dead one. 
 	List 20 things Conservatives have accomplished since 1948. I’ll wait.  
 		A conservative wouldn't have a nigger fucking their wife.  I'm trying to understand what sort of joe-fag you are applying this label too as it doesn't sync with my understanding.  Hoping to achieve some sort of clarity here but your response may have already helped illuminate the situation.  I forgot not to engage with a LARPing knuckle-dragger. 
 Sarah Palin:   Rnc Labels the Left "An Unhinged Mob" in New Hard-Hitting Ad Just in Time For Midterms (Video)    
 	Right on, even have some  content with that faggot hairdresser in Toronto showing how Left/Lib/ProgTards are a clear danger to society. Woke Canadians know that Trump and the Right are the answer, No DemoRats, No , Just Republicans, Period. 
 I'm not sure people understand just Wtf ! is going on with the muslims. They are invading the Usa. They need to be stopped and deported Now. Trump must stop all muzzie immigration, and the citizens need to deport them now, or we will be conquered and have black robed muzzies running around everywhere. 
 The right to be left alone & the right to do what you want with your own stuff were finished off by the Nigger Rights Act of 1964. Thanks jews. 
 	Since we're not talking about politics but economics, taking a central position isn't a bad thing. 
 	Since we're not talking about politics but economics, taking a central position isn't a bad thing. 
 Just in case you're sitting on the fence about this invasion coming our way, think about this.  Do you believe 7,000 Hondurans woke up a few days ago and decided now is the time to move to America?  Of course not.  Common sense tells us this is an event.  This was planned.  It appears they'll arrive right around election day.  Coincidence?  Hell no!  So who's behind this?  Do we really care?  I don't think President Trump picked up the phone and called Jose and told him to gather up all his friends and head this way.  Outside of Trump making the call, I wouldn't put it past Anyone else with political ties!  So who the hell cares who's responsible.  Fact is, this has to be stopped and Trump is the only one I trust to stop it.  So, no matter what the media says, no matter what you see on television or the internet, even when they zoom the cameras in on the women and children they're using as props, don't fall off on the wrong side of the fence.  After what the Democrats did to Judge Kavanaugh, there is absolutely Nothing that would surprise me now. These people are evil. 
 	Maybe being an asshole isn’t a great foreign policy after all. 
 		lol whats your logic with that comment? Be rude and get thousands of migrants at your door. Logic at it's finest. Fucking retarded.   The Vatican Church sent all these people, wake the fuck up. Being an asshole is the greatest foreign policy you could have after generations of retarded ass hole cucks ran the show for so long.  
 Amazon been bad company again in uk there worker has had more accidents like 440 of them evil when people going to wake up and leave that evil vampire cunt owner 
 My kitten was just laying on his bed next to me sleeping and when I touched his head he flipped out of it and hit the wall. I feel so bad for laughing but it was so funny.  
 	My Kitten is A Transexual Michael Robbins , who was formally a kitten and a American football player known as " Michael Robbins" now known as Michelle. 
 		Why are you obsessed with tranny cock? Do you want it? 
 				Says the faggot talking about tranny dick. Lmfao 
 	sick stuff. maybe the quiz will be about stinky dogs tonight and the chick will know all the answers  
 	sick stuff. maybe the quiz will be about stinky dogs tonight and the chick will know all the answers  
 Time to turn off Fox News and switch to Oan that lying Trump faggot Shep is on, 
 	That must be why you have No friends! 
 		Wow faggot you really got me on that reply, how will I ever recover. My life is over. 
 Yes, I’m sure you’ve got a balanced, objective view of history in mind Jezza. Whilst you’re on about slavery, will that include Briton’s 1100 year history as slaves, the ongoing, 1500 year old Arab slave trade, and how the Uk was the 1st to abolish slavery? 
 	Especially firstly of African slavery Muslim slavery and rape of white women    Eh 
 		Concentrate on all the nigger related crime. The legacy of slavery is a country full of dindu niggers. Slavery.that's how you get niggers. 
 Now if we're gonna say propaganda colors the way society views us as men, then the same must hold true in reverse. There actuality are legitimate gripes buried within the mountains of the sexism which persists within feminism. Same with our homosexual Mgtow friends.    I mean Mgtow? These words taken literally defines being gay to me. 
 		Men blowing each other. 
 		Men going to town on dick? 
 		Your name is a study on the modern mass label psychosis. Couldn't you fit anymore labels created by jackoffs in there? I suggest fitting stoolie in there somewhere. 
 		 
 		 
 Trans YouTuber Says It's Unfair He Can't Have Babies    
 	Another retard that chose to be one.  Lol!   
 I know why, because you're insane and a bit bored. Probably a nigger lover. 
 Who in thee f*ck would eat goat balls? 
 	They really are retarded aren't they. 
 Larpy faggot 
 They just have to ruin everything, don’t they? 
 	If I ever find this bint lying bleeding and unconscious on the pavement, I will defend her, and I will keep everyone, including the paramedics, from touching her without her consent. 
 	If I ever find this bint lying bleeding and unconscious on the pavement, I will defend her, and I will keep everyone, including the paramedics, from touching her without her consent. 
 Hey  , check this shit out.    
 		That's what I'm wondering. Why did his shit get archived hours before the shooting? Someone had to have archived it but who? Why was it archived when it was to begin with? Somethings off here. 
 		That's what I'm wondering. Why did his shit get archived hours before the shooting? Someone had to have archived it but who? Why was it archived when it was to begin with? Somethings off here. 
   h\t James Eller 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 	That's a great idea Nigger! You should move and take all your Nigger friends with you! 
 The moment American nationalists snap out of their Left vs. Right / Dem vs. Rep bullshit false dichotomy will be the moment they start making headway. 
 		Says the Anonymous "Austrian" Punk Wigger "Nazi". How many hours have you pretended to enjoy the sound of a black man's voice. LoL 
 	Nancy Pelosi is a worthless, crooked cunt who should die in jail. I don't understand the rest of your post, unless there is some other meaning of the word "nigger" with which I am unfamiliar. 
 		Free distribution .  
 		Free distribution .  
 Y'all know I'm a southern woman with a big mouth & attitude.   But let me talk to my southern ppl a minute.   Y'all that live in the rural south may not see the Muslim influence in America. It's not in my town but honey, it's here. This is where we need to listen to the Yankees a bit. They have it more in their face. Other states too but I'm talkin North/South here.    It's real Southerners & it's in their schools. Liberals & Muslims are running the larger City schools.    All I am saying is, don't think it won't reach you if not stopped!    The "good ole boys" need to get your guns ready. It will reach you if not stopped from growing.    That's it. I'm done. Thanks. 
 	I drove up to see if the pisslamic compound in Commerce, Ga is real or not. Its real. 1 road in and out. Started getting followed by guys in man-jammies on the way out. They Do carry Ak-47s and they Do have working dogs and there Is a huge obstacle course with burned-out carshells, barbed-wire, etc. 
 		It gets worse.not only does Ga have 3 muzzie compounds in the state, more than any other state, but one of them is in Jessup, right across from the Nuclear Plant. 
 		It gets worse.not only does Ga have 3 muzzie compounds in the state, more than any other state, but one of them is in Jessup, right across from the Nuclear Plant. 
 Things that make you go hmmm  
 		if "Big Bang." isn't the absolutely most retarded show ever to grace the airwaves then please tell me what is.and tell the bitch not to stand too close to the edge of the subway platform, as an incoming train will clip that beak of hers 
 				I smell a beta leftie. Surprise I found the cucks! :/ 
 					You do? Must be from Twittergrad. 
 						You must be from reddit. 
 							Not a chance. Those tools were simply too easy for me to obliterate. 
 								So is gab picking up or what's the story? How many leftie cucks are here? I feel like trolling the living shit outa them!  
 											I Mute those who post faggot images, who call me a liar, who repeat the same mantra over and over again. Oh, oftentimes I Mute Jews. I am afraid they may ask if they could suck my Anglo dick by pretending I am a newborn child with a tiny dick. My dick is tiny indeed, but I am no infant. 
 @a @e  I think we'd be better served if individual users could block posts with specific key words they choose. For example, if I don't want to see any posts that contain the words "kike" or "nigger", how am I not being exposed to meaningful concepts or ideas? Faggot Nazi scum don't have anything meaningful to say. 
 	It is a difficult situation because I don't see WaPo (((reporters))) as humans, but despise the inbred swine that are the Saudis.  
 	I follow Q and don't give a rats ass about a wapo reporter, Trump does not give two shits about him either, disinfo is part of taking evil down, the rouge cia wants Trump to start a conflict, it wont happen. Maga people hate reporters, all of them. Blame the spooks in the cia. 
 	I follow Q and don't give a rats ass about a wapo reporter, Trump does not give two shits about him either, disinfo is part of taking evil down, the rouge cia wants Trump to start a conflict, it wont happen. Maga people hate reporters, all of them. Blame the spooks in the cia. 
 Oops: Trudeau Accidentally Admits That Canada Can’t Do Anything About Global Emissions      ‘Even if Canada stopped everything tomorrow, and the other countries didn’t have any solutions, it wouldn’t make a big difference, he said in French.    Carbon Tax Scam: ‘Revenue-Neutral’ Tax Revealed As Another Trudeau Lie    
 	No that little cunt only knows how's make Canadians pay more then they can afford. Why doesn't that cunt son of A cunt pay his fair share. It's like he doesn't have out of country companies to shelter his queer tax savings. He is a Criminal and his whole family should be stripped of all there monies. ' 
 Useless nigger 
 You just proved your own hatred. You hate your own race so much that you claim to have chosen a White woman over one of your own Nigger bitches. Self-hatred is the worst of them all. Your '5 awesome kids', which we know is bullshit, would be mutts, with absolutely no identity of their own. They do not look like you. That is pure hatred. 
 faggot 
  
 		dumb cunt 
 	i disagree pagans arent my brothers in anything 
 		How about nigger and chink Christians! are they? 
  
 	How 'bout some jizz in the other eye ? 
 		What man could get it up to jizz in her other eye? Maybe a chimp. 
 			Any of those faggot gay punks will gladly do it. That's how they hang posters in their rooms---jizz on the wall, and stick 'em up. 
 	elrich = jew 
 Fighting a culture war using Wigger rap is beyond Stupidity. 
 Muslim admits her faith is no comfort whatsoever: 
 	Muslim is a religion you Fucking Twat and your not of color You’re a Fucking White Cunt 
 			Your self-proclaimed "adequate literacy" has declined to a new low. I acknowledged your claim of non-semitic heritage, & your insistence that your anti-White hatred is not instinctive, but self-hatred resulting from internalization of systemic semitism. Why do you insist on mischaracterizing this as a claim that you're a member of the Tribe?   Sad! 
 					Your open admission of your befuddlement (& your grossly inadequate vocabulary) is appreciated.   But your continued feeble attempts at prevarication are pathetic.   Every post of yours is a vitriolic, incoherent attack on anyone who dares to express any positive White identity.   Cite a single post where you have attacked a non-White for their identity. 
 						Furthermore I don't attack anyone of any race purely for their identity. That's what You do and why I kick your arse. I'm regularly seen on Twitter attacking other races who also demonstrate your ignorance. Black racists David Lammy and Diane Abbott are key targets of mine. You aren't on Twitter so you wouldn't know that would you. Check my banner pic here. 
 											--Cater makes yet another, feeble, pathetic, failed attempt to deny his obvious anti-White hatred and toxic semitism.   --Repeatedly employs anti-White slur while doing so   --Anti-Whites aren't very bright   --Tell me more about how you call Negroes "White devils," therefore you don't hate Whites   Comical 
 Oh dear. 
 	Rape jihad is caused by breastfeeding? 
 			Its a parody  
 			Its a parody  
 Rt :    One of the most important political events of the past 2 years is the draining of the swamp.  It had gotten so one could barely distinguish between Republican or Democrat.  But things are changing now.  There is a new  attitude growing everywhere! 
 	We All supported the Idea of Rebuilding Here in the Usa. We all supported the idea of jobs, infrastructure and a restoration of basic public decency as  and Lock Her Up indicated. For a minute there it seems that we might be First World White Again      -  
 			Take your brainwashed Retarded Jewified Ass and try to smell your own shit! You are an ignorant polluted thumb drive! 
 Serious question: Is Lara Croft Jewish or not? 
 	Neck yourself. 
 			eat shit nigger and then drink bleach 
 	It's possible to support President Trump and think overall he's done a good job by the standards of the modern presidency while also recognizing that in a number of areas he's following stupid policies that were laid out by his predecessors and there's plenty of room for improvement. 
 		What good job? Go list some of his accomplishments. 
 			The North Korea situation's improved, we got two new Supreme Court justices, the economy's done well, no major new wars, he's easily a solid upgrade over Bush/Obama. 
 				Trump ran as a nationalist populist, not as a conservative. We are more than an economy - Bush had a strong economy for years and look at his legacy.   If you want to suck Trump's dick, point out what he's done that Bush or Rubio wouldn't have done. Sc justices & tax cuts don't cut it. Where is the damn wall?   Also, the fuck does Korea have to do with our people? 
 					We actually don't have a good economy. The working and lower middle class is still in depression but this dumb fuck is to retarded to understand that.  
 Actually, you're a retarded women with a dog filter. You're muted anyway. But don't let that stop you from explaining your new version of world history. i'm sure somebody will get a kick out of it.  
 	that's because you never go full retard 
 an abnormal slowness of thought or action   Retardation   described our experience since Christianity was imposed upon our people.   we have been retarded for 2k years 
 Royal nigger 
 Shep Smith Fanning the Flames?, 2423  via  
 	Shep the Cuck. I cant stand the faggot 
 This is how the Left operates. First they demand that you let them do whatever they want. Then they demand you join them, unless you want to be labeled a racist or bigot.   They did this with gay marriage, they did this with transgenders being allowed in locker rooms, they did this with illegal aliens, they do it with everything.   Give them an inch, they take a mile. 
 	The older Amy gets the more porcine in appearance she becomes.  
 		Every Amy I ever met is a jew cunt 
 	nigger is just slang for Niger where many came from in African. plane leaving hourly to take any back  to Niger, the N word  
 I'm not triggered; I'm probably more amused by this than you are. This faggot has probably done more to hurt your retarded, child raping movement than anything I could ever dream of, and you're Too Stupid to realize it!  
  
 	Any gun in the wrong hands is the problem, you idiot! Now, take your mental retarded pills and maybe you will make sense!   
 Polygamy was the norm in all of europe, before rome & greece   The jews & the goyim version of judaism christians, practised monogamy, because they hated women   Essenes religion of jesus, hated women so much, they practise celibacy   Monogamy has always coincided with the hatred of women   Paganism has always practised polygamy, because they value women 
 	I think you have this almost completely wrong. Semites it can be argued traditionally practice polygamy but not Europeans. Monogamy is traditionally European. It is true that Eastern Roman empire came equipped with harems, eunuchs and such other Eastern practices.   
 			If you want to consider slaves and concubines and mistresses as wives then yes. But of legal wives not generally. In Viking society might made right for the most part so if some scattered Viking warlord wanted 2 wives there wasn't a lot to stop him. But generally speaking European society = monogamy where legal wife is concerned. Why such a point of emotion for you anyway?  
 				"Interesting fact: Christianity (monogamy) reduced inbreeding in Europe." How's that a factor? Shitskins marry their cousins all the time. Maybe one group is inbred because they're shitskin human garbage and they're going to be fucked any way it's possible for them to be fucked? 
 Still waiting for your informed reply. Stop being a cunt and answer the fucking question. Stupid whore.  
 	Nigger Jesus is the best Jesus. 
 Portland is very proud of being weird. The cities slogan, after all, is "Keep Portland Weird." I live about 20 miles away but wish I lived much farther away. Lol  It has become a disgusting place since I was born in it 80 years ago, up on Pill Hill. It's a downward trend that seems to have hit all cities of any size.  Here is a pic of Portland's police chief, Danielle Outlaw,  I kid you not . . . Outlaw. Kinda' explains the innaction of her flunkies on the street when help is needed against a pack of thugs.     
 	when they made that retarded nigger chief of police they had to create a new position to actually do the job 
 It's very hard to feel any sympathy for police in the Western countries - certainly Britain leads that pack - where they act as the jackbooted enforcers of political correctness and the muzzie invader's defense line. Oh, got stabbed, officer? Now that's just a crying shame, innit? I'm sure you'll fill your quote of islamophobic hate crime arrests anyway. 
 It's very hard to feel any sympathy for police in the Western countries - certainly Britain leads that pack - where they act as the jackbooted enforcers of political correctness and the muzzie invader's defense line. Oh, got stabbed, officer? Now that's just a crying shame, innit? I'm sure you'll fill your quote of islamophobic hate crime arrests anyway. 
 	I am thankful that Usa blesses Jewish people. If U wanna be destroyed, curse His people.   Having said that, it does seem odd if Usa has only Jewish & Papists on the . Evangelicals shud have a seat. Lawyers shud only have 1 seat. 
 			This is exactly why christianity needs to go, this sort of brainwashed slavery to a master that gets off on destroying you is the poison that kills all white nations. God So loved the world that he chose jews as his magic people, a group of degenerate evil parasites that promote homosexuality, pornography, and invasion by muslims. 
 				 am not  ashamed of the gospel, for  it is the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes, to the  Jew first and also to  the Greek. For in it  the righteousness of God is revealed  from faith to faith; as it is written,   But The Righteous man Shall Live By Faith.    
 							Absolutely    Its called white identity and Wodenism. Give evil no peace and have no rest till its destroyed. 
 												 No, I'm not defending Jews.  I don't care about any group of people, I'm not stupid.  I was having fun with you.  I'm getting a feel for how retarded people are out there these days. You have completed skewed all of my research.   
 Real name Samatha Ness from Minnesota. A school teacher.    Ppl of Minnesota, if you know this person, please call the Fbi imediately.    She needs to be checked out at least. 
 	Samantha Ness was put on paid administrative leave after her school district received complaints about her tweet.  Special education teacher has been placed on leave after her tweet about killing newly sworn in U.S. Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh went viral. 
 			I know, I know! It's Not Good. 
 			I know, I know! It's Not Good. 
 		I don't know, but I really fear for William and his beautiful family. He is truly happy man, and Charles should abdicate in his favor very shortly after he crowned. We shall see. 
 	 
 		Her Dad is a jew if that explains things.  Prince Williams' wife has jew mother so if they have son and he end up on the throne, first jew king of England. time to get rid of the royals.   
 			That is not true. Neither Thomas Markle or Carole Middleton are jewish. MegNog roumored 'jewishness' is based on a fact that her prevous husband was a jew and their wedding was kind of faux jewish wedding. British jews themselves denied that there is any jewish ancestry with Middletons. 
 			 
 	jebát britbongs. They are the biggest traitors of the white race.  
 Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mt) claims to be pro-Second Amendment but even a cursory glance at his record shows opposition to pro-gun Supreme Court nominees, support for Sen. Dianne Feinstein’s gun control schemes, and a D-rating from the Nra    
 	He’s a Kung twat 
 I feel I must mention Tommy Robinson this morning.   3yrs ago I took to using my access to the armed forces bases around the Uk in order to try to influence them regarding certain Nazi tropes, well disguised but not buried.   I wrote about it on here from time to time.   It is good to see Tommy Robinson doing something similar now, the interesting thing is that he is Not pushing the jew narrative, everything he says is compatible with my own views regarding the jew.   This must be of quite some concern to his financiers.   The biggest lie told to Reserves (being readied right now for deployment in 2019!) is that Russia is the target.   Tommy is like me trying to make the forces realise that Russia is Not the enemy and our foe emanates from the Middle East.   He still is not an open antisemite but he is helping that cause hugely.   So I have to give Tommy Robinson a big up for his efforts of late.   Well done Tommy Robinson! 
 	Your pseudonym should be Enid Blyton. 
 		In case you missed it.  As well as a mouth on you like a cow’s cunt you have the attention span of a Privett hedge. 
 The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation which has the largest voting block in the Un (which also has the support of Socialist nations) has set up a parallel Human Rights Charter to replace the Universal Declaration of Human Rights with their own Islamic Cairo Declaration which is in accordance with Islamic Sharia Law.   Ready for a Unexit yet? 
 		Please watch. Get a cup of tea and sit down it's worth it  
 		Please watch. Get a cup of tea and sit down it's worth it  
 J-left journalists were worried when new Charlottesville arrests were first announced because they know Antifa is guilty.     Antifa groups conspire to riot out in the open on Twitter. Check out Jack Corbin's Gab to see for yourself. Not One Has Been Arrested For It.     Law and justice in this country have become nothing but a means for political attack. 
 	You are the faggot getting money to go on a network to shill for Trump. You then turn around and act all upset. You are truly a despicable piece of shit. Fuck You. 
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 		Being a white nationalist or anti-Jewis is nothing to brag about but   hErE We aRE 
 			Nothing wrong with white nationalism, or coming out against the criminality of the Jews.  Conflating your position of the unnatural usage of bodily organs, and your fascination with shit. To that of political discourse isn’t in the same practice. 
 				oh come on man 
 				el xolo mexicano!  With 1/2 a sentence written in non-English, you must be some arrogant "pro-Mexican Monarchy" to tell people have no pride (shall bring him low) but willing to Lower yourself & talk shit "come out against criminality of the Jews" here! Your people kill one another, behead, cut faces & you are here talking non sense on Jews!   Grow up, be real!:) 
 		Being a asshole jackass is also nothing to brag about 
 		Nobodies bragging.  
 		Nobodies bragging.  
 The Real Israelis Are Black Israelites 
 	das rite 
 		Far Eastern nigger in a wood pile. 
 Just In: Murkowksi officially becomes only Republican senator to oppose Kavanaugh      
 	The Hill is retarded because they do this shit all day long.  Tweeting stories that are hours old and have changed by now. 
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 		The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right," therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites.   Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 							What does make a black person black? I know so called people of color who are told they arnt black because something to do with I don't even fucking know. Ben Carson is supposedly a black man, yet other supposed blacks say he's not black. What does it mean to be a white person? What does it mean to be a black person? Or any category of person? Definition of a white person? 
 								Anything darker than a sicilian is a nigger 
 dear god i think i lost brain cells reading what that moron wrote   fyi if you have are born with dick you are a man if you are born with cunt you are a woman  trans does not change reality 
  
 	Dammit   I can't quit Laughing over this one 
 		See? Being racist isn't so bad. 
 			The only flaw with Islam is not a race is those in Muslim areas that are non sand nigger are forced to convert or die. So without that join us or die attitude how many non-sand Niggers would really be Islamists 
  
 	I won't have a nigger run cover for me . the  are pure cucks.  
 	     
 	     
 	Do yourself a favor and mute Dondero. He's been on the internet for years trying to pass himself off as a libertarian republican. All he will do is suck your energy. Please trust me on this. He should be muted by everyone on Gab and left to himself. 
 		He seems fine to me Heather :) 
 			Eric Dongdildo is the only person on Gab more annoying than you, Cater.  
 				Congratulations  lol 
 	Read the talmud. 
 	No of course not.  There may hve been written, the Common Era, expressions of anger over the often murderous anti Semitsm that Jews have been subjected to over the years, but it's never been 'policy' to commit genocide against non Jews.  
 		 I prefer to listen to modern Jews 
 			Modern jews huh? 
 			Modern jews huh? 
 	Don't be an idiot.  Illegal aliens stay as far away from government offices and agents including voting stations as they can get.  If we got rid of all 8,000,000 illegal aliens the Usa would lose billions in taxes & revenues while costing less in benefits they can't receive like Snap, Wic, Ssi, Ssdi, Vocational Rehabilitation, Promise, etc. 
 		>33 million illegals   Ftfy 
 			According to Ice/Ins, Homeland Security & Usd of Demographics, the est. no. in the 2014 report was 11.8-12.1 million but since then, especially in 2017-18, that figure has declined to under 11.6 million & we're getting fewer from our Southern border but more from over the Us-Canadian border.  I was unable to locate a reliable source for your figure of 33M. 
 				Everyone of this "guys" stats are bull   The border is more porous than ever - completely unsecured areas along Us 281 between Falfurrias  & Us 77    I travel these routes, often dodging illegals crossing the road on foot after coming through an opening in the fence 
 					The word is guy's, Turk.  Were you born an English speaker.  How do you tell the refugees from the illegal immigrants?  The 2014 Dept. of Homeland Security report (pg. 2 or 3) is on their website.  You can find all of the figures I wrote by entering Usa.gov; Ice, or current illegal population in the Usa but you'll get several sites.   Verify facts by going to Snopes. 
 							How unconcious are you?  Did you not call me a Racist  and delusional which is obviously all Democrats!  As we know all shootings have been done by Democrats and members of the Racist violent Hate groups such as Antifa or the Racist Black Lies Matter!  Since I am a white male it is clear no shooting was done by white males but by piece of shit Jewish Males who are Democrat sewage!  Of course the Racist subversive Lying Jewish Supremacist media said the opposite because whatever a filthy despicable Jew accuses someone of they are guilty!  Kind of like the Blatantly Racist Sexist Democratic party calling me Racist!  The Retarded Democrats do not understand what a Fact is and will only regurgitate what they have been programmed with!  Now Apologize for calling me a Democrat! 
 Texas police seize woman's yard sign showing Gop elephant's trunk up girl's skirt      
 	Why take it? I wish the world had more "Hey A Fucking Retard Lives Here Hey Hey Look Over Here A Hubbaderr Derrr Blorp" lawn signs like this. 
 Advertising works, faggot ;) 
 	tf? 
 			 
 					ok.ok. i just need some time to heal my wounds  
 					Here have some plankton that can heal you! I’m sorry for playing too rough :P 
 					 
 					 
 I miss the Good Old Days. 
 	The Jews have been tearing away at the fabric of America's Christian identity for decades. Their unending perversion & poisoning of our youth has led us to the edge of a sewer.   
 		  You think anyone who criticizes  your socialist faggot soy-boy is a Kike. Lol  That's literally the defense mechanism of a child.  
 Mr Vagina   I got a prob  Post u just responded to  orig wanted to say watermelon parmigian could not post   Then I can't use word Wakand  Whassup with Gab?  
 	Probably a glitch. I've never had anything censored.  
 		First time it happened. I've posted fuck cunt and twat all over the place and no problem 
 But they never say exactly what the people are intimidated about. Lynch you're a crook like Holder, Obama, Hillary, and the rest of that administration.   
 	If there were any justice in this country that nigger would be in prison right now, along with Slick Willie, Crooked Hillary, et al.  
 Faggot fucks 
 Real Pocahontas decedent demands apology from Elizabeth Warren.Wew Lads     
 	She Is A Lying Cunt Who Has Lied Her Hole Life She Does Not Even Know The Truth If It BIt Her In The Ass. 
  explains what not to wear this Halloween    
 		You with you looked this sexy 
 		Lmfao! 
 		Lmfao! 
 	My cache contains some Very unwanted images because some of the filth from your group was directed to my spam box. You want to sue us for calling you guys pedos? Forget a counter suit. I'd much prefer indictments. 
 			Yes. Stay away. I'm worried about Andrew's phone. 
 			What's the matter afraid of catching diabetes from the cuteness?  
 			You know the difference between us vs Handley and you clowns? Handley  received and possessed but didn't distribute. You guys on the other hand.  
 			Yeah and I didn't break any laws. You keep wanting to paint me with a broad brush, but you seem to keep dropping it in the bucket every time. 
 			Yeah and I didn't break any laws. You keep wanting to paint me with a broad brush, but you seem to keep dropping it in the bucket every time. 
 Nigger used Over 500,000,000 times/year.    Sorry, Until it is removed from all rap music all social media and all common every day language by blacks get over it 
 	Safest place for a nigger to land: on their empty head! 
 Um, Celts very much exist today, and Druids, priestly caste was destroyed by Romans, being political threat and a huge obstacle to Roman conquest of Britannia. And Christians have fully embraced jews and their moslem/ nigger pets, at least in Western Europe they did 100%. 
 	Don't trust that cunt for killing those plants for no reason 
 There have been 6 known cases of someone being arrested for loli in the Us.    4 of those arrested were investigated for Cp and did have it. 1 person wasn't willing to fight his charges. And one was suspected of having Cp but didn't have it and the state and feds had no interest in charging him for loli and as Released.   Torba cares more about loli than law enforcement. 
 		Did you copy and paste that from a Sjw on Twitter who disagrees with harmless post?  
 		sjw.twitter. yeah that's me all over 
 		sjw.twitter. yeah that's me all over 
 White girl problem: Which nigger to shoot first. 
    "September’s jobs data released shows that immigrants, legal and illegal, seized three-quarters of the month’s new jobs and the immigrant population soared by 1.5 million over the year, far in excess of estimated legal immigration and evidence that a new illegal surge is developing."  
 	if trump continues to do nothing about our border and immigration crisis, 2020 is lost. 
 		It's maddening that Caca, something that is unconstitutional, even has to go through the Supreme Court.  I'd rather have a shit economy without a country full of spics than a booming economy with a country filled with sand nigger rapefugees and spics.  "We either have a country or we don't." 
 They’re trying everything they can to attack what it means to be a man. 
 	Be a hen pecked faggot that no one respects so your kid grows up gay. 
 That's because, unlike Kavanaugh, the accusations against her husband are True! Hillary says sex claims against Bill are Not like the Kavanaugh  via  
 	Fat faggot hag slag bitch. I can see why Bill played the field to avoid coming home to a beached whale with Copd every night. 
 Turnover Terry is a shitty Nigger qb put in the white human that can actually pass 
 Yeah don't though, he's a fucking cuck who honestly thinks that Muslims are somehow an independent threat (independent of the Jews). Red Ice have seriously cucked out lately. I blame that fag-sounding retard Patrick Casey, who naturally has nothing to say about Ram because he's a fucking cuck. 
 Wow, the civilian left shows that they are completely uninformed by this tweet, lemmings and sheep. You know where this dumb cunt gets her propaganda from. In her very tiny mind she believes we are the ones who are "victims" of propaganda. White Supremacist propaganda! 
 	404'ed for me. Don't mean much some of my friends 404 when they are not. 
 	he gone 
 	he gone 
 dont be a racist the only thing worse than a racist is a nigger 
 			Thanks for the confirmation that Side was a neocon, you scumbag neocon filth. 
 				Calling me " scumbag neocon filth" because I wanted to Nuke those that literally chanted "death to America" , by the thousands, is about as equivalent as you telling the truth. (edit) make sure you get your facts straight before you start calling people out. You fucking douchebag. Back to the basement with you! 
 						Another neocon traitor heard from. 
 							"neocon traitor"   uh. Sorry, what did you say ? What do you mean "traitor"? Don't tell me you want to bring  into this now.   Fucking    cc:           
 								 This would explain why he loves animals so much.  
 													Why have i never thought of asking you that ? What have you done besides bitch and cry on a social media site for attention you e-celeb ass bitch?  fucking crybaby.  cc:      
 I Would Not Touch This Creepy Witch With A 100 Foot Pole! 
 	And the left celebrates this as an accomplishment? Sew the whores cunt shut! 
 faggot nigger 
 	dony do this it's a signal to get brazzerdf 
 	Was that in English? 
 	Was that even "Music" ?  
 	Was that even "Music" ?  
 He's making fun  of that transvestite faggot Eddie Gorcenski.  
 Blue State Blues: Democrats’ Mob Tactics May Be Working  
 	Gun here it come bang cunt loony prick it dead  
 You're poll was shit from the start faggot 
 Sick fucker! 
 	So does that mean we can call "it" a cunt now? 
 A letter to Karl Marx from Baruch Levy.     
 	This is a known fake quote.  Details on this one are about halfway down this page:    Have a nice day ! 
 		If an Npc says it is a fake quote and posts a link from a Jew site, you know it is true!   
 			You have the same problem, right? Nazi sites are factories of  fake quotes.    Btw your intuition needs a tune up. No one pays me for jack shit and I am not  a Jew which you would have known if you had read my posts.    This is all a form of community service for a world i see as confused, obsessed, riven and in pain. 
 				Yes, practically the whole internet such as wikipedia, snopes, etc are askeNazi Jew sites and full of complete Lies! But it works for brainwashed retarded Democrats because it reinforces their programming.  All Nazi JewS are vile filth and pieces of Lying Scum and are Extreme Racist Pigs!  The human sewage of the World! Like you I despise Nazi JewS and I do not believe a thing the inferior bastards say! 
 					That why i use wikipedia they alway tell me who is jewish because they love to tell you who they are.If it wasn't from wikipedia i would have probably never look at the ethnic background of those people because it was part of my conditioning to ignore religion and color and think everything would fit in a perfect melting pot.But something changed one day. 
 					That in itself tells you what Racist Pigs they are!  Their Npc programming tells them that they are smart, but they just have a good programmer thats all.  I have never met a Jew I would consider even remotely intelligent as they are all Democrats and none of them have any intelligence at all!  Since my ego matches their ego, they have always been scared of me as most peoples don't match up. Interesting virtual reality we live in isn't it? 
 						Yeah Ok you're mad at some people who are also Jewish. I get it. But it's not All Jews. that's just a fact.    Every culture has it's own particular and characteristic way its criminal / reactionary elements behave.  Each culture is distinct. Mine is yours are. You are well versed in the Jewish version of scum.   Ok. But it's not all Jews! 
 							I completely understand and agree.  The main reason I use generalizations is because that is what they do also.  I fight their divisive tactics the same way.  If they change which they cannot because their goal is too kill me as they have openly stated, I will change.  But I guarantee they won't.  I won't either then! 
 								If you want  to comment on ppl, just up your game one level. It's Leftism / Marxism / Socialism Communism that is "the other side".   When you define the other by race, you trap them there (can't change it!) and make anenemy of your potential allies. Define them by belief and they can come over to you. 
 									I will continue to use their tactics since I understand their deceitful philosophy.  I just speak the Truth!   
 										Ok so you know some bad Jew's . How about the  good Jews, like the one who runs this site?    
 											The vast majority of Jews are just naive like the rest of the masses.  The Zionist or Talmudic Jews are the problem.  Most people just want peace.  
 												Dude the ultra racists Jews in the world are a rounding error, demographically speaking.  There's even fewer of them than White Nationalists, who are their own rounding error.   Neither group has any power, no matter What slides out of their mouths. 
 													Bullshit!  The average Jew is Racist!  That is how they are programmed.  That is a Fact! 
 												Lol So if you know most Jews just want peace then why single bad people out by their Jewishness with no modifier? Why say Jew when you can say Leftist or at least Jewish Leftist which is more evocative and puts the emphasis on Leftism, which is the bad part of Jewish  Leftist? 
 													This is something beyond your comprehension.  It would be hard to explain. 
 								The culture of the jew has allowed the anti Jentile "scum" to rise to the top millennia ago.  The jewish priest class are the architects of the current and long lasting White genocide as revealed through their talmud.  Those following these rabbis are deliberately or genuinely obtuse, or complicit.  
 						How can you know to  be so skeptical of Snopes and the Slpc and the Msm but be so open to some other groups' propaganda and lies - they're just using you too.  That's what I don't get. 
 							It's called critical thinking which is in very short supply.  Political language is made to decieve and hide the truth.  An understanding of the code that the great philosophers used to teach the truth is very important, as then a person can read between the lines. The truth is constantly obfuscated with lies to confuse the masses. That is how the rulers control the masses.  Government actually means mind control and it is just that.  The internet is a den of lies, and they are easily discernable once a persons mind has been cleared of the Matrix.  But just like Neo in the Matrix, you have to figure it out yourself.  I cannot teach you anything, I can only get you to think. 
 							It's called critical thinking which is in very short supply.  Political language is made to decieve and hide the truth.  An understanding of the code that the great philosophers used to teach the truth is very important, as then a person can read between the lines. The truth is constantly obfuscated with lies to confuse the masses. That is how the rulers control the masses.  Government actually means mind control and it is just that.  The internet is a den of lies, and they are easily discernable once a persons mind has been cleared of the Matrix.  But just like Neo in the Matrix, you have to figure it out yourself.  I cannot teach you anything, I can only get you to think. 
 New: Il Gov. Bruce Rauner: "In the Van Dyke trial, 12 jurors reviewed the evidence and rendered their verdict. We should all respect their decision. Now is the time to move forward as a community."       
 New: Il Gov. Bruce Rauner: "In the Van Dyke trial, 12 jurors reviewed the evidence and rendered their verdict. We should all respect their decision. Now is the time to move forward as a community."       
    Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face 
 	faggot 
 You're trying to start a movement that takes white men into space and reaching for the stars.   Your Russian wife reminds you that the Usa doesn't even ferry its' own supplies up to the space station any more, but Russia and China have to do it.   Richard Spencer Divorce Fanfic is real. 
 	American women are absolute gutter trash though. 
 		It's only slightly better here in Australia.   Between 20 and 40 I don't think I had a mate whose girlfriend didn't try and cheat on him with me tbh. 
 				You win.   lol 
 						So we can look forward to this in 5 years probably. 
 							It might take 10 years, if that's any consolation.  
 								I might be dead by then, so, cool. 
 									I doubt I'll be, unless I just do it myself.  It's looking more and more appealing tbh lol 
 									I doubt I'll be, unless I just do it myself.  It's looking more and more appealing tbh lol 
 i love triggering people on gab by praising jews and i thought tumblr freaked out when i criticized islam, trannies and praised trump 
 	I love trashing anyone who supports Jews by shoving their ass down the shithole where they belong! 
 		I obviously have a functioning brain so I am not qualified to be a brainwashed retarded monkey brain Racist piece of human sewage antifa member.  They are are complete Npc's! 
 My goal in running as a Nationally Social Democratic American Patriot in the Democrat Presidential primary was to either:   A: force Trump to name the jew (Uss Liberty, Lavon Affair, Numec stolen uranium, jew involvement in 911, Jfk assassination , Patton assassination , assassination of Jim Traffcant etc) if he wanted to be able to run as "American First" in 2020 without me calling him an israel-firster.   or   B: defeat a what would be then an israel-firster Gop incumbent in the general election.   Now my goal in running for Potus is also to free the Ram political prisoners as well as the other political prisoners of the jews in this country.    and I have been victims of jewish-sponsored terrorist group assaults that were politically motivated and pre-meditated, with plenty of video footage proving we were attacked, unprovoked, without even trying to exercise our right to self defense in Washington state.  I have been assaulted again since then for criticism of jewish power, and knew that if I defended myself, that I would become a political prisoner (like the Ram guys and others are now).   The police in every state I have filed charges with surplus of evidence of assault have dropped the charges against the assailants.   The Us is quickly becoming like the UssR before wwii where the penalty for criticism of jews was death.   I will not tolerate a President who continues to allow the jews to imprison all of their political enemies.  This is America, not the 1920s UssR.   If Trump doesn't stop allowing the jews to use law enforcement as a Gpu/Cheka against the goyim who speak out, I will have no choice but to defeat him in November 2020.   If Trump names the jew and stops allowing jews to make our law enforcement into the Nkvd, I will drop out of the race and endorse him.   No Man Left Behind!   
 	>when you try to play chess but you're also retarded 
 Nice try.  Usc holds major Holodomor conferences, that spells death for you Kikes trying to infiltrate with Christianity.  You're a Talmudic Twat -- we all know it.    I run California -- you can't even afford to flourish here, degenerate sodomy Bolshevik. 
 I bet you would. I'm often outside. Are you a bit upset that I made a twat of you? Want to come and sort me out now? Take a number and get in line pal ;) 
 	Good Lord Mr cater, I may not agree with you on certain issues, but I got your back on this one, you're being trolled and I'm here for you brother 
 		Lol This isn't trolling mate. Had 2.5 years of that by left wing types on Twitter about my book. This is just shadow boxing. 
 		Lol This isn't trolling mate. Had 2.5 years of that by left wing types on Twitter about my book. This is just shadow boxing. 
  
 	 I used to at least tolerate Juan, but he’s a fucking nigger.  I like and appreciate  thoughtful,  conservative, hard-working members of Any Race, including blacks, who strive to live together in a polite society.    We will keep those people of Any Race on our side. The left can keep the fucking niggers and Williams is just in a nigger in an expensive suit!   
 Looter Shot Dead While Trying to Steal Police Car in Panama City    
 	Hahahahahahaha.The nigger died doing what he loved. 
 Exclusive  House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via  
 	There will be people stupid enough to fall for this election year stunt who are unaware that much of this bill includes things that were passed over a year ago and have been collecting dust in Mitch McConnell's Senate 
 			Yeah, well, clearly there are some people who are nothing but the *insert racial slur* of the Gop, who will vote for them no matter what they do, even if they were purged social media, unanimously condemned by the Gop Congress and are currently being prosecuted by Trump's Doj 
 					Yeah, the Gop Congress grandstanding about "racism" is the only force preventing that from happening 
 						Lol, you're literally a nigger. 
 The Proper Name Is Cock! you weabo tranny faggot 
  your still here? Wtf Dude Lmfao Crazy Shit! your like a faggot Nazi's likes gettin cornhole by mixed races Huh! Lmfao its take everyone make a Us citizens   
 Can't even talk about Facebook censoring a disabled Iraq veteran's page without YouTube demonetizing the video for being 'non-advertiser friendly.' If you enjoy my videos, consider sponsoring my YouTube channel with as little as a $1 a month on  . 
 	There's got to be a better place for your videos Mark.  YouTube will eventually find a reason to make you go away.  
 		Some one need start a open tube for us with a mind of our own And it should be owned by the users as a block chain So no cunt can sale it of  and it get gets destroyed same as utube did . If all users of the platform own it as blockchain Nothing can be erased 
 	She’s lookin kinda rough.  
 	She’s lookin kinda rough.  
                    
 	cunt dorsey 
 You write exactly like the illiterate retard that you are--lol! 
 Another Blue Check Sjw Cunt Bitch Whore !   Thousands Of Those CuntS On Twitter ! 
  
 	 
 		Jews are not human,  everyone knows this you stupid faggot 
 		>without the working class the rich wouldn't be rich let that sink in   yeah let that sink in 
 			Hey look everyone we've got a labour Corbynite 
 				 
 				 
 Hey, inflatable colon theft is no joke. If you know a friend or family member guilty of this heinous crime you turn them in, fast.    
 	educating med students means a college needs things that seem odd. 
 		If you try to explain something so inexplicably retarded you should probably be in law skool, not med skool. 
 Watching Alissa Milano speak.makes one want to throw Tony Danza off a building for unleashing this unhinged cunt on the general population  
 Watching Alissa Milano speak.makes one want to throw Tony Danza off a building for unleashing this unhinged cunt on the general population  
 	Vote In The Midterms! Get The Democrats And RInOS Out So We Can Get The Wall Built!  
 		The wall will never be built. 
 				A token effort when you consider the enormity of the project. It will never be built. 
 					It’s Already being built moron!  Typical libtard logic:  A small token of the wall is being built but the wall will never be built   
 						Well, if you meant some of the wall will be built,  then I agree. Will it be finished? No, it never will. It’s an animal farm windmill. It’s idiot bait for rednecks . 
 							I supposed you consulted your crystal ball to conclude that the wall will never be finished!  Got it. Guess what, the San Francisco bridge has never been finished. They are constantly upgrading, painting and conducting preventative maintenance on it. So I guess technically you could be right.  
 								Yes, I am right on this. You will never get your wall. Trump never intended to keep his promises. The wall is just idiot bait for election. 
 													Knot you keep using other words when you meant 'jews', maybe take some time off or poast slower, this mildly retarded style isn't a good look 
 That's news to me that Gab is Alt right. If freedom is Alt right then count me in   Does that mean Twitter is Alt left (its just trash)   I guess that means I need to support Mr. Bolsonaro   So with that said boa sorte, Mr. Bolsonaro   
 	No it doesn't mean twitter is alt-left - it means Gab is racist, anti-Semitic and white supremacist - Attacks on Trump Echo Smears of John Birch Society    the Cfr is dividing the left & right - they are progressives & get more Usa destruction with the alt-left in power - they are the globalist ruling elite  
 		You are the biggest faggot on all of Gab  
 I took a shit on your mother's chest and she liked it, faggot 
  earthling Carl is wicked love his youtube i follow him on here he always slaps nick on Lbc make's him look like the cunt he is and as for the tommys tommys the army should be reorganised and all the common purpose sjw Ministry of Defence Ass clowns should be unemployed or given a gun and sent to Afghanistan they won't by sjw's for long. 
 Geraldo Says Migrant Caravan Not a Threat Hours After They Tear Down Border Wall, Storm Mexico  
 	Geraldo is a globalist retard  
  you've gotta be a nigger. only a nigger could be as stupid as you 
  
 	This cunt needs to goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
 faggot 
 	Make America Wakanda Again  
 		The irony of that meme coming from a boomer too lol 
 				That's the thing with boomers. They have done this so much and so often that they can no longer see that it's this weakness that tells other races "You can walk all over us."   And as far as we are concerned it's just another indignity we have to live with until they are dead. It's not just that I am embarrassed for them, but they embarrass me frankly.   It sickens me that anyone might think that they are representative of the white man.   Let alone that they seem to think they have some kind of wisdom or guidance that they should be handing us lol   If you'll notice - it was kind of a meme in itself back in the 40's - the old man handing down wisdom, now that "meme" (for want of a better word) is completely gone. They don't bother trying because they know we'd laugh in their faces. 
 						Because to be open minded, they have to actually humor the other side of the argument, actually consider it. And they have had such brainwashing that this is impossible, but as they are open minded in many other facets of their lives they tell themselves that "I am open minded".   It's the double-think going on and it's subtle when it's happening To You inside your head. 
 																		Don't. Her daughter divorced her husband and left her daughter to go remarry a canadian. Basically just left the daughter here in Australia at the ripe old age of 14 or so.   Then divorced him and came back - her daughter won't talk to her and married herself - then remarried Again recently.   Awful people, like I said. 
 They can have the entire Southern Hemisphere and half of the Northern Hemisphere - but that still isn’t enough for them. 
 	I doubt it has anything to do with room, they just want to live in white societies cause whites have societies that are stable and functional. Shitskins are too retarded and chaotic for civilization, so they hope to leech onto others to compensate for the flaws they themselves have. This will continue until all of them are dead. 
 What's the quote from the nigger athlete about how Hitler respected him more than the American president did? 
 Look familiar. 
 	we need to get the cajun navy involved, and all you Oath keepers and 3%-ers this is your time to shine!  This we'll defend amirite? 
 		You guys should totally see how quickly you can be put in nigger jail under Rico. I bet it takes less than 72 hours. 
 Are Blacks (Sub-Sahara-descended peoples) more closely related to apes than are Whites (European-descended peoples)?    
 	Evolution is a lie.   We all came from Adam and Eve.   Then later   From Noah's 3 children.   Even North European folk   Came from the Middle East. 
 			Good morning lol 
 			Dinosaurs never existed. 
 			Dinosaurs never existed. 
 	Fb loves niggers, kikes, faggots, dykes and all othe sub-humans 
 Project Veritas Catches Democrat Senator McCaskill On Camera: She’ll Vote To Ban High-Capacity Mags      
 	Dumb Democrat wants to punish everyone who never did anything for the one person who violated the trust of the people. I should fail all my students based on that premise if one fail the exam. 
 		Luckily where I instruct are not totally retarded with Liberal ideas. However, I can see it creeping in on some things. I ignore it as much as I can.   
  Heartbroken mum of teen who killed himself after withdrawn rape allegation found hanged at home   Family of grief-stricken Karin Cheshire,55, said she 'could not see a future' without son Jay Cheshire,17, who took his life after being  of rape       
 	I don't understand why men kill themselves without putting two in the head of the cunt who lied first. Kill Her Then Yourself You Twats. It should be a foregone conclusion that if you're trying to ruin someone's life that YouRS is forfeit in the trade! 
 F-16 Jets Explode After Mechanic Fires Cannon From Another Parked Jet In Bizarre Accident  
 	lol   "Multiple reports indicate that a mechanic servicing the parked aircraft accidentally fired the six-barreled 20mm Vulcan cannon at close range to two other parked F-16s. Photos show one F-16AM completely destroyed on the ground at Florennes. Two maintenance personnel were reported injured and treated at the scene in the bizarre accident." 
 		Was it a nigger or a woman? 
 Whoa if true!  
 	I’d like to see that cunt actually try to prove the statistic he pulled out of his ass.   
    If people don't start exercising their second amendment rights soon, it will be more then just Steven Crowder and his group receiving leftist violence and aggressive threats from fat communist soylant Npc's. 
 		I know how to install a virus into their programming.  All you do is use their programming against them and they run like hell!  Their egos are based in quicksand.  But it really is not possible to be a Democrat and not be an Npc.  They are obviously all Retarded and at this point mentally insane for the most part.  The have no intelligence and that is a Fact.  This is FactUALLY how their brain does not function.  They are all a software program or polluted thumb drive. Democrats are all Retarded.  This is a simple fact.  But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons.  Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place.  Most immigrants fall into this category.  The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling.  They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function.  Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet.  They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive.   All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway.  They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction.  Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather.  They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains!  
 75 Yr-Old Pedo Joe Biden Leads 2020 Democrat Presidential Poll - 77 Yr-Old Bernie in Second Place  via  
 	Let's welcome  children's groper friend of retarded  - to the assault and mockery that awaits him from the    can't wait. 
 Maga. Vote Red.  Vote Early. 
 	And we don't worship the pedi file faggot muhammad. 
  
 	Arabs are semites, Jews are scumites. fuckin' nigger lover. 
 	Well, I notice that the local talk-radio republicucks are yakking 'bout antifa now.   Wake-up time?   We'll see. 
 			Politicians are reactionary. They don't do anything on their own. They are responding to what their voters have been bitching at them about. Proactive politicians do not exist. 
 				The strategy here is to harness the backlash among cucked suburban Republicans over Kavanaugh and the anger of the Republican base over Antifa to boost Gop turnout in the midterms 
 					What will that translate into policywise?   Is the Gop going to be "tough" on the mob? Please note their current policy agenda includes "prison reform" which is the exact opposite of their messaging. It is strongly supported by the Koch brothers 
 						Not if people like Hunter Wallace talk everyone who cares about using the Gop against the anti-white mob into removing themselves from electoral politics.   The problem with using the shortcomings of a political party as a means by which to scare people away from the process that determines its leadership and platform is that it results in the very shortcomings that one is criticizing.    If you want to meet your fate on the road you took to avoid it, abstain from electoral politics. As the agorists in the libertarian and anarcho-capitalist communities have demonstrated, abstinence is a great way to accomplish nothing while staying entirely irrelevant. 
 							Let's be clear about the results of supporting the Gop two years ago:   Being prosecuted by Trump's Doj, unanimously condemned by the Gop Congress, Antifa free to engage in serial violence every weekend, unprecedented social media censorship, historic monuments destroyed all over the country 
 								Let's be clear about abstinence from electoral politics:   Your fate is the same as dildotarian agorists.   Repeat after me: "Dude. weed." 
 												>Fellas fellas fellas, didn't you get the memo? We are all spinless jellyfish within an amoral, nigger loving society.  
 I would rather be an alive racist than a dead nigger lover. That is how his filthy white trophy is going to end up like when he gets tired of her.  
 Portland Antifa Violence Against Senior Citizens    
 	The daily, progressive, shitholization of Portland. Used to be a pretty damn nice city, back in the day. Only crazy people and masochists now drive downtown there on weekends. 
 		If there are no witnesses, and you can get away with it, run over or shoot every antifa faggot you can! It Will make you feel good killing off a terrorist! 
 A reminder; Dyke Haircuts make 95% of women ugly and look like a dude.  Women evolved thicker, more silky hair for a reason, not to chop it off and look embarrassing. 
 How many men have been thrown in jail because of false accusations . they should start their own  movement. 
 	well he Is a nigger so he would have raped someone anyway 
 				Sex change. Ok :)  
 						Did your chopadickoffme hurts honey?  
 										Now we have fun ;)  
 You left Christianity because some christians are retarded heretics? 
 Looks like minority enthusiasm for Trump is exceeding expectations!  
 	Minorities will never vote for Republican candidates.   Any minority group knows its survival rests in taking power away from the majority, who can still send the minority group away.   Whether they are "nice" or not, sooner or later they will act against the majority. 
 		Very untrue, and very unhelpful. There always are people among minority groups who are disgusted by their tribe's behavior and sincerely want to blend in with the majority. Repelling them is either stupidity or sabotage. 
 					Aren't they always doing that? If it wants nigger it should go to Africa. I'm sure they will be accepting. Lol 
 The anti-fa punks are planning to gather in cities nationwide for the mid term elections to cause havoc, chaos and attack Trump supporters.   We Can Longer Remain On The Sideleines Watching. We Have To Meet TheM Head On             #Usa             @6549lmartin                                          ,                                                                                @LBrooksRD                           
 	Why? 
 		Lol what a dumb cunt 
 		Lol what a dumb cunt 
 	Aw, no Butt Fucking for you guys. Pahahahaha   
 Might be trying to tell you one of them muzzie terror compounds is close by? 
    
 	Just sums the twat up. All wind and piss! 
 	Mixed couples are always miserable rejects. I see it all the time in the south.  
 		Their respective races rejected them. 
 			not fond of mixed race marriages.but mostly disgusted at seeing white and black couples. it nauseates me . the nigger is mocking the white race and the white is a traitor. 
 Just saw a Jewish name in triple parenthesis on Tucker Carlson. 
 	Don't believe me? 16:05 into this video you will see triple parenthesis on Fox News!    
 			And which our Uncle Adolf so correctly pointed out. 
 			And which our Uncle Adolf so correctly pointed out. 
  will Never be Prime Minister:  mocks Johnson's plummy voice and failure to grasp detail - and claims his biggest achievement is 'Boris Bikes', in searing attack.       So, anything The Massive Cunt Hammond says is a lie and/or the exact opposite, meaning Boris will be Pm lol 
 	Arrogant cunt he is 
 Good!   Staffer who 'doxed' Gop senators faces nearly 50 years in federal prison   Story:  
 	I seriously hope that guy's life is completely destroyed.  Not bc that would solve the problem bc he's just a pawn.  But just so he realizes how retarded he was to work for George Soros. 
 Breaking: More Charlottesville arrests!       This is disgusting. It is a witchhunt. This is also why retard rallies are a bad idea. 
 The same faggot who open there arm and where think muslim where there friend.But they knew depth down they were just being weak and to  tolerant of the intolerant.The same faggot who would lecture conservative who where somehow protecting them from those people. 
 Who's your favorite Dissident Right e-celeb? Reply if not listed. 
 		   - Exactly correct. 
 		   - Exactly correct. 
 Pipe bombs are not utilitarian tools of death, they're for optics.   Consider the calibre/honesty of those claiming to be targeted.   Accusations have become nearly as powerful as crimes themselves with regards to shaping public opinion, when the media stokes the flames.   Cui Bono? 
 	Democrats are smart in some ways but ham-fisted and stupid in others. I think this perp will be found quick and be a leftist. Probably some middle-aged retard who watches Don Lemon all day. 
  (YesWeCan.) A new  video titles ~ Usa Security take no chances with muslim women ,give her more than a strip search ~       [phpGab]  
 	no sympathy here goes with the territory - no likey Boom Boom 
 		Whoa! Sorry, I have no idea how that comment got attached to this video. It was supposed to go with another post about California and immigration. Weird!   Hell yeah that muzzie needs to be screened. Her and the rest of her ilk! Happens more to white people I'm sure. 
 		I want America to be 98% white. What's your problem, idiot? 
 		Want away.Idiot. Its not happening. 
 		It's fucking happening, moron. Honestly, people like you need to get out of America. Sick and tired of your stupidity. 
 		Well. Look at who he is married to and what they do act  and live.  And then all of a sudden out of the blue they change there tune I've had a bad feeling about him  the moment I heard that the was suddenly a a trump supporter.  How do we know he isn't s deep state siop? 
 		I just listened to the C-Span press conference in the Wh. Have a listen. You tell me. Kanye is a child prodigy, a very successful artist and business man, a free thinking man. He may not line up exactly as you or I, nor should we expect him to.his life experiences and his passion for America are uniquely his own.  
 		Kanye is nothing but a pawn of the jew, and anyone who got that far in music industry is by default *their* slave. 
 		You clearly don't know what a bot actually is. Bot would automate same messages. Clearly I'm not because im literally quoting your dumb shit. And bye, have a great day. 
 Purity doh. Ryan's mum fucked so many men that there must have been about 5 guys sperm in her cunt the day he was conceived 
 	Sigh. making their fathers, mothers and brothers proud are they? If you want to be that kind of 'Wimmin' creature then learn to weld and get to work. 
 	Sigh. making their fathers, mothers and brothers proud are they? If you want to be that kind of 'Wimmin' creature then learn to weld and get to work. 
 Nuts 
 	 So Many Things Wrong With This Twat And Only 300 Characters.Damn. 
 This is the Real Economic Collapse Blog:       This faggot is a fake:    
 What Prince Harry and Meghan Mudskipper’s kid will look like.           
 	my family both sides are blondes, red heads, blue and green eyes for generations.  Our dna analysis shows we had a 100% black mammy back in the 1600's.   had your dna analyzed yet?  I'd withhold commentary like your's until you do   Just sayin' 
 		Dna testing companies admit to falsifying African ancestry to screw with racists  
 			I won't ever take one. Unless I had access to a chromatograph or whatever the hell they use. 
 					Not me  
 					nor I. only a crazy would want that. 
 					nor I. only a crazy would want that. 
 We should be happy they do fuck their cousins.it's up to you Brit men to keep your women satisfied lest they marry muzzie and you will all eventually be killed or enslaved, depending on how much muzzie dick and ass you suck. Mad yet?  
 Muslime, Atif Masood, 42, a customer assistant at Tesco in Thornton Heath, Uk, has had a massive temper tantrum because a colleague farted in his face    Unlike normal men, who would either of laughed, gave him one back, or told him to fuck off, poor Atif decided to sue the supermarket for harassment and race discrimination!    Atif Says He Has Not Received An Apology, AnD Tesco Has Not Investigated His Complaint Properly!  Atif, 
 	Atif becomes a wet fart 
 		I disagree David. He's just a muslime cunt. He can't become anything. A cunt is a cunt. A fart is just a distraction. Atif is a weak male; he can't function with females around.   
 I'M Done. Wtf 
 	its also a fake tweet, but this bint will swallow anything  
 	its also a fake tweet, but this bint will swallow anything  
 	I speak from personal experience, never having been charged by police, nor accused to Human Resources, despite the fact that by the standards that blue hairs piously proclaim, I am a very bad man indeed. 
 	I speak from personal experience, never having been charged by police, nor accused to Human Resources, despite the fact that by the standards that blue hairs piously proclaim, I am a very bad man indeed. 
 Deep Purple - Highway Star 1972    
 	faggot 
 Cunt 
 Spencer was on Heel Turn and kill stream tonight.  Watching the kill stream is more black pilling than I thought was possible, if their audience is included in the group of people we call woke whites we aren’t making any progress anytime soon. 
 	Eh, it's just the retarded Daily Stormer operatives out in force. Fucking retards 
 South African Justice System: Black Man wants genocide of the entire White population in South Africa yet is spared jail. While Vicky Momberg a White Woman says an offensive slur got sentenced to 3 years in prison.  
 	Well the nigger state needs to look out for their niggers. Brotha's got his backs! 
 Cornell to Spend $60 Million on Increasing Faculty Diversity  via  
 	 $500 per student  year in nigger tax.   Those graduating with a master’s degree during that period will have over $2,500 in student debt due exclusively to their university’s desire to encourage brown people to apply as faculty members". 
    Greg, a married father of 4, stopped at the rest area. While he was washing his hands, Thomas & Manuel came in & stood on either side of him. He noticed that 1 of the suspects was holding a gun & turned to run, when he was shot in the back. The suspects then fled witho taking anything. Greg survived, but was paralyzed from the waist down. 
 	Filthy nigger scum. Every nigger on earth should be eradicated. 
 "We're the Piggy Bank Everybody Wants to Steal From," Trump at the 91st Annual Future Farmers of America Convention on the art of trade deals: "We have all the cards." Think like winners. Work hard. Play harder.        
 		Why are you lying? 
 		Haha 
 		Haha 
 Blair Says 50/50 Chance of Second Brexit Vote, Urges Labour to Block Deal    
 	Country says, Blair is a criminal cunt who should not be listened too 
 Britain's Islamic Party/Labour Party drops complaint over Corbyn wreath coverage after email leak ‘compromises’ process:  
 	Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, supporter of Hamas, Hezbollah and Ira terrorists, caught lying about the reason he was laying a wreath at graves of Hamas terrorists - then lies about the reason for dropping a complaint against 6 newspapers who reported on it  You Can'T Trust Labour  You Can'T Trust Corbyn  
 		Fuck off Labour cunt 
 Gib stickers, cunt 
 Based Loomer bringing it  
 	And she knows a false flag when she sees one            .just ask her tire  
 		Faggot retards promoting "based jew in a maga hat" please God will they just shut up or kill themselves 
 	Yep, and that's what's been happening here in Usa 
 	Yep, and that's what's been happening here in Usa 
 Dyke witches organizing a hex on Kavanaugh , lets get something going for Ginsberg    
 This ain't scientific and the chart is from 2016, but guess which States will surprise the pundits this mid-term election? Red Tsunami. 
 	Crossing my fingers, toes and eyes on that. 
 		Blacks support for Trump is at over 20% (was 8% in 2016)   Hispanics support for Trump is over 35% (was 28% in 2016)   Polls say Whites support for Trump went down 10% since 2016 but I fail to see why, with all of the Economic news. Why would Black/Hispanic support go up and Whites down?   Come November, the media pundits will need a few noodles to hang on to when the Red Tsunami will wash over them.   Still - Go Vote. 
 				Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding    We are in a War but refuse to admit that we are   The Unholy Alliance between The Left and Islam         #Q  
 				Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding    We are in a War but refuse to admit that we are   The Unholy Alliance between The Left and Islam         #Q  
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 		Speaking ones mind. like how evil the Altright and Christians are? lol. We will purge her 
 				Deny what Robert? Your psychosis is really getting out of hand. I think someone is living down by the river in a white van. and his name is Robert.  Purge her of the Jezebel spirit of course.  
 					Smart people see her for what she is. A subversive cunt that needs to neutralized. 
 First off, his name is Never going to be cleared. That's how a  works. Second, the whole attack is a political smear. That should Never be rewarded. At this point Kavanaugh has no choice but to go forward. Going back is annihilation. 
 	Does that faggot actually think Kavanaugh could step down and just go back to being a Dc judge? If he stepped down, they would destroy him.  His career would be over.  Its like apologizing for everything. Never apologize. 
 God says it like this.  For the nation or kingdom that will not serve you will perish;  it will be utterly ruined ~ Isaiah 60:12   What is the deal with all the anti-semitics on Gab? Do you wish to challenge God? There is a reason why the Usa has been blessed for so many years! 
 	Catherine Nixey   The Darkening Age   The Christian Destruction of the Classical World 
 		I get Biblical archeology magazine and the bible is from scraps here and     there.  Some were put into different versions and pieces were filled in by guessing.  Probably still missing scraps not found or in the possession by looters.  As mere humans, no one can truly comprehend God but the Muslims Allah sure isn't God in any way or form. 
 			"As mere humans, no one can truly comprehend God but the Muslims Allah sure isn't God in any way or form".   -Lets play with your illiteracy!   When you spell "God", you mean this one?    Or this one?     Because there isn't only one God. 
 				Jesus is supposed to be the son of God, not God himself.  Nowhere has it been said he was the one that started the creation of the universe.  How it started, nobody knows.  Maybe with one spark that contained everything that would go on natually since he made us at least smart enough to figure things out by science.  Everything wasn't made in 7 earth days.  Impossible. 
 					"Jesus is supposed to be the son of God, not God himself."   - Even you are a Christian, you don't know that Jesus God .   One person in the triad.  But you avoided to answer me.   Is Neptune (Latin Neptūnus) a God? 
 								The shit poster with a tiny dick  has been triggered. I don't believe in all this   retarded nonsense.let's debate about it. Lol, what a maroon. 
 Henrik's latest video: Sweden To Expel 6-Year-Old-Orphan Back To Ukraine       Henrik looks closer at the case of Denis, a 6-year-old Ukrainian orphaned boy, slated to be expelled to Ukraine. A broken and corrupt migration agency deport children from European countries but keep the borders open to 3rd world 
 	That Ukrainian kid is  more dangerous to Sweden than Muzzie rapists. 
 	You Need To Be Put In Prison ! Liberal Criminal . The food sat in the sun until it spoiled full of worms you feckless cunt while  Puerto Ricans  people suffered so you could use it as political fodder 
  
 	That Cunt Bitch is Sooooooooooooooooo Fucking Ugly ! 
 		 
 			Lol.  
 			Lol.  
 Taylor Swift Endorses Brett Kavanaugh Supporter via   
 	who thinks this twat and what she has to say is of any interest to anyone. 
 U.S. Army Veteran and trial lawyer Kurt Schlichter has sensationally claimed that the mail bombs targeting the Clintons, George Soros, Cnn and others could be a leftist scam.   Ben Shapiro says anyone who suggests that is "deranged".    
 	Shapiro = Cunt 
 The 2016 election of Donald Trump was so traumatic for some liberal snowflakes that they’ve reported symptoms of Ptsd, according to a study released.    
 	Whos the annoying faggot on your show right now alex? 
  strengthens our crime rates. 
 	and Nigger economy (goolag that shit, it's worth the keks)  
 What's your obsession with nigger porn? Can you debunk anything I've said or are you just retarded?  
  
 		Fact. 
 		Fact. 
 Alt-Right Faith Goldy gets cheated by local Tv station refusing to broadcast her election campaign ad for Mayor of Toronto. Station knows it's required by law to sell her that air time but also knows the appropriate court wouldn't rule against them until After the election.     
 	Shes Jewish 
 		Her Name Is Goldy Faggot 
 	Meanwhile. 
 		Rent free. 
 	I've did a new one. 
 		Awesome!        
 	da joooossss 
 		 
 		Oh it seems someone got pissed off. 
 		Snitch Gibson is a crybaby little bitch.  Just ignore him. 
 Cnn: President Trump Insults Female Journalists During Rose Garden Press Conference  
 	An Insult would have been , calling her a cunt . 
 Pretty sure I would have heard about this if it were our guys. Could justice for Antifa be coming down the pike?     
 	Rise Above out of California got the hit on "conspiracy to riot" go check Brad Griffin's feed.  
 		That's a b.s. charge. Same as those "hate crime" charges levied against Fields. 
 			All of this is. It's Zog punishing the goyim for standing up to it. I mean, look at the bumper lipped praying mantis looking ass nigger DeAndre Harris. he didn't get shit time for his attack there, & got over 160k from GibsFundMe. Antifa doused our men in vile fluids and threw rocks, nothing happened at all to them. Mudshark has a coronary, it gets Sainthood 
 That was a reply to Yet  Another  Dumb  Religious  Cunt  Who  Just  Makes  Lame  Insults  And  Never  Even  Tries  To  Debate  Intelligently . and I'm not 'triggered' I'm fucking bored senseless by ignorant idiots ! 
 And here it is folks what studies find. sigh 
 	Duh.  So is this high Wakanda science? 
 		But niggers aren't borderline retarded or anything. That'd be racist. 
 	I honestly thought it was a parody at first.  You ever love freedom So Much that you reserve it only for people that think inside your little Kosher Boomer box? So Much Freedoooom! 
 	I thought Gab was a Frei speech platform. Frei. Oh!  
 		It's the 'servant-leader' principle. If you don't serve the Jews, how can you be a leader? 
 		Well, one good thing to steal from them, "Does it serve White people?"  To some degree with have this with the 14 Words, but I find that I have to also make an effort to not let my intrinsic nature as a White man be exploited to work against my people. 
 		Well, one good thing to steal from them, "Does it serve White people?"  To some degree with have this with the 14 Words, but I find that I have to also make an effort to not let my intrinsic nature as a White man be exploited to work against my people. 
 Block this Jew cunt    
 >beautiful white anime girl fucks up a nigger   that video is Sugoi 
 Timber nigger gibs lmao. They don't want anyone cutting in on their free trailers and fire water stipend lul 
 	I guess he really is a racist. 
 	I guess he really is a racist. 
 These are not youth`s, they are sub human, Nigger vermin. They are socially unevolved, degenerate trash. 
 The "tolerant" left folks!   "Voting is a lie that benefits the right. We should just murder our political enemies instead." 
 	Isn't this fat, Commie cunt a teacher?  /pol/, I don't suppose you could find out where it is that she is indoctrinating young people? 
 Is that his nigger loving whore in that pic? 
 When you Vote during the Midterm Elections on November 6, remember that the Democratic Party wants you to spend your hard earned tax dollars so that illegal immigrants have access to America without citizenship. 
 		'your borders'.where are you at and why do you have any say about Our borders?  
 		'your borders'.where are you at and why do you have any say about Our borders?  
 like vampires exposing them to the light of the day 
 	Lmfao speak the truth and bring the vampires into light ! Lmfao they die horrible death dude   
 		it's time for all good people stop sleeping! redneck Up! Lmfao  
 		it's time for all good people stop sleeping! redneck Up! Lmfao  
 and by blacks you mean as long as their black asses where in the house before the sun went down they yep they were 100% in favor of nigger rights  
 Must See: Grassley Releases Timeline of Ford Investigation -- Shows Feinstein and Democrats Lied Throughout Process  
 		She is a Jew, who is evil, does not equate to all Jews are evil. Just like there are Whites who are evil, does not equate with all Whites are evil. 
 				And then along comes you, proclaiming that a teeny tiny minority of the world population, vastly outnumbered by Whites. has {{{Jewdi Mind Controlled}}} that superior White race. You people are such fucking retarded pussies. 
 Go be a nigger somewhere else. 
 Nationalist - It's not a bad word anymore!    
 	nationalist was never a bad word, only the low iq skank nigger globalists said it was  
 City of Selma hands out layoff notices to 68 employees  
 	Oh man, the Us government must have reduced the handouts to the nigger government of Selma. 
 Based Katie Hopkins Visits Hebron, Where a Jew Mass-Murdered Muslims, and Kvetches About Islamic Terrorism    
 	that buck toothd cunt got some ballz huh? 
 "no one is just an individual" A collective is made up of individuals, faggot, and not many individuals are in your collective because it's retarded utopian commie shit. Reminder, the nazi elites entertained themselves with degenerate art in the bunker while the German people were being butchered outside. Fuck off. 
 How to be a  faggot online:   >see the problem  >admit the problem  >refuse every even remotely plausible solution that relies on controlling women's whoring behavior  >proceed to call women he never met whores   cc  
 Definition of a moron  
 	We have seen the proof of that at the Faggot Pride Parades ! 
 How Amazon's Minimum Wage Hike Benefits Jeff Bezos  
 	Written by a retarded lolbertarian. 
 		Yeah probably pretty much.  
 		Her dad was probably like, "Well I'd rather my daughter be with a black guy than a raci. Oh  
 		Her dad was probably like, "Well I'd rather my daughter be with a black guy than a raci. Oh  
 It's official, Harvard University has sunk to all time lows. This nigger ruined football, ruined shoes, now he's ruining universities. What's next? Is Kaepernick going to get a Nobel Peace Prize? What a disgraceful nigger.    
 Getting excited for bohemian Rhapsody tomorrow 
 	faggot 
 Time to install miles and miles of razor-wire fences at the border, as well as I-beam triangular barriers for vehicles.   Have the military build the wall, rather than waiting for congress to pull their thumbs out of their asses.   At this point, the choice is clear:   America will have Barriers or it will defend itself with Bullets, or it will be Borderless. 
 	The wall will never be built, and immigration will never stop. 
 			Actually they will replace cowards like you. And everyone will be better off because of it. 
 			Actually they will replace cowards like you. And everyone will be better off because of it. 
 Hey faggot if you have proof then post it, if not shut the fuck up. Because the onus is on you to prove its a fake 
 Fucking retard he Shoahd his own acount 
 	Trump has china by the short hairs . they ain't going anywhere. We already won the economic war . they will fold like a cheap suit 
 	Trump has china by the short hairs . they ain't going anywhere. We already won the economic war . they will fold like a cheap suit 
 		Nigger ain't a color. Most niggers are black, but not all. Those kids are fucking niggers. 
 Electoral college Keeps slavery in the dusty nether regions.  Who votes for someone as politically  retarded as Cortez? Socialism = Slavery!    
 Eric holder, so we are going to allowe gun stores to sell illegal firearms, and not track the weaponry. Never go full retard  
 Hatstorm mot barnens tidning: Håll käften  the mportant question is - what does that illegal feral rapist muslim nigger rising threatening finger on viewers do on that image? It has no place here in civilised Christian white world! 
 Brilliant Ann Coulter wrecks Norwegian journalist: Mass migration will end all cultures    
 	Coulter needs to do a European Tour and tell these Idiots that they will be dead very soon, their sons will be dead and their daughters will be new Muzzie Breeders with children named Mohamed  
 wow, I've actually lost people bcause I marked a Sfw image as NSfw.   Serious biz. 
 	Wah? 
 		Well,  they're retarded then. Fuck'um if they can't handle a mixup 
 I am retarded hear me hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
 >Trump invites a Black citizen to speak to the entire world in the Oval Office.  >SaltLeft: Omg Kanye'S Puttin' Us Back In Shackles!     What did Donna Brazile mean by this?     
 	Well, Donna knows that she is generally speaking to low information, shallow puddle people, who do not remember anything past a week, and only in short fragments of header information.  She can pretty much state anything and the Dem base will believe.  They could throw shit on the wall, and they would all scream "Picasso!"  
 		I wondered why Brazile Nuts were called Nigger Toes 
 Ich poste das jetzt ohne Kommentar   Kann jeder sich selber seine Gedanken zu machen  "Ahmed, einer von uns" 
 	Ganz ehrlich, ich habe nicht das geringste Problem mit Ausländern, die hier hart arbeiten und sich integrieren und eine Existenz aufbauen.   Nur mit den islamistischen Merkelschmarotzervergewaltigergästen kann ich so gar nichts anfangen. 
 			Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 			Gibt echt einige von so Negern die einfach die Pakete abwerfen und mit ein wenig "Glück" auch noch selbst unterschreiben . 
 			Bei der Post beschweren l. !, 
 				Haha, bei der Post  beschwähren!  Dhl muß weck Notfalls beim Volksgerichtshof klahhahagen 
 				die Hermes Fahrer sind noch schlimmer.nix lesen .nix sprechen ! 
 			echte Integranten gibt es auch, klar. Aber nur 12 in ganz Schland 
 			 
 			Oder es war einfach nur ein stinkfauler Lieferant, der seine Tour abkürzen wollte. Oft genug erlebt. 
 			Oder es war einfach nur ein stinkfauler Lieferant, der seine Tour abkürzen wollte. Oft genug erlebt. 
 	real shit dude gotta love flaming hot women 
 	real shit dude gotta love flaming hot women 
     While corporate media complains about whites calling the cops on loitering blacks, blacks commit actual violent hate crimes against white people for their race every day in this country. The pigs never make a serious effort to catch the perps unless the victim is a jew 
 		 
 		 
 Only the Jew knew that by an able and persistent use of propaganda, heaven itself can be presented to the people as if it were hell and, vice versa, the most miserable kind of life can be presented as if it were paradise. ~ Mein Kampf 
 	Only a paid troll would quote Hitler and expect to be taken seriously. 
 		fuck off kikesucker faggot 
  
 	When you get to the bong high your really addicted.Super fucked up.Only president to snort cocaine and smoke weed in the White House. 
 		This Half Muslim Nigger Is Not A  Born American. He Is A Fraud, And Needs Destroyed Period.  
 This keeps getting better and better. 
 	The self-importance of some people just astonishes me when I actually put some serious thought into it sometimes 
 		They've been mollycoddled their entire lives. It's no wonder they can't handle reality. Unfortunately, just like everything this cunt has ever done. It's probably just drama whoring. 
 	And here we sit in the Usa arguing over if our Supreme Court should be 4 Jesuits and 5 Jews, or 5 Jesuits and 4 Jews. 
 	 
 		and catholics still try to tell me it's not been totally jewish since it's inception. 
 		Lol this loser  was bragging about Danish soldiers defending moslems in Bosnia  and attacking Christian Serbs. Catholics have been slaughtering Europeans 1000 some years now. 
 		 
 		You are a meme master indeed. I might use some though, just so you know :). 
 		I don't make them I  just drop them :) 
 		You and yours participated in a massive slave trade Against White Europeans, warred and raped your way through villages, engaged in human sacrifice,  but claim the moral high ground now?  Fn idiots.  
 		 
 	because they all suck sand nigger cock 
 It's way more than just  the Senators.  The list goes on and on of what he's done including witness tampering.  Democrat Socialist?         Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: If you would like your name added (or removed) to these posts, please let me know below                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                                           
 	Faggot Soy Boy ! 
 	String that dirty old Commie cunt up. 
 	You need to start posting more Nigger Jamal, I've ran outa stupid shit on here to laugh at. You're not doing much to break the stereotype that niggers are too lazy to breath, considering all your' greasy ass has to do is push buttons lmao 
 Who the fuck would want to do that, you would have to be beyond retarded to want to live with a bunch of shit 3rd world people. If those people were capable of not fucking up their own societies, they would have little reason to leave them in the first place. 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	Someone please slap this fucking faggot in the mouth.  
 Yeah Don’t give a fuck Bud. They’re nigger demons to me. They should be sent to Africa so nature can run its course.  
 The left is so contradictory. Things that the Scotus overturned that the majority of Americans wanted  include racial segregation, abortion restrictions, gay marriage bans, etc. One guy gets on the court and these clowns want to give up all these things. The left can never see 2 ft in front of the, let alone the forest through the trees: 
 	If they can't win to control it, they want it destroyed.   They didn't win the last Presidential Election, so they want to abolish the Electoral College.  When they lose, in November, they're gonna want to abolish Congress and the Senate.  I'm wondering when they'll just commit mass suicide. 
 		Hey, democrat here. I, and everyone I know, don't want to abolish Congress, the Senate, or the Supreme Court.  However, arguments could be made that the Supreme Court needs term limits, and that the electoral college is outdated.  Have a nice day. 
 			 
 				Another retard without a clue. Why should two states alone (Ny and Ca) determine the presidential election? because under "popular vote" that is exactly what would happen, disenfranchising the other states. The electoral college was setup for that reason. Now shutup and go make someone a sandwich. 
 Imagine having this much of a victim mindset. Truly pathetic. 
 	delusional twat 
 These young ladies would like right-leaning voters to stay home this election.   I hope right-leaning voters will keep that in mind. 
 		More Nfl fans? 
 		I have a cat with a higher Iq than these morons. The cat knows better than to bite the hand that feeds it. 
 		Stinky Nig chicks.boyfriends in prison? Hooche mamas! Pu! 
 No need for words, Just actions Dancing Queen? 
 		Im for setting up machine guns on the border. 
 			Hell yeah. I bet wetback border jumpers stop their shit. 
  
 	So the nigger slice/stabbed his eye with a "something"? Looked like a quick eye stab and a punch with the other arm.  "Get your concealed carry today. Would you like to know more? #2A    
 I guarantee if an Antifa faggot put down his dildo and shot a bunch of "fascist Nazis" at a rally the left would celebrate. So no I don't care about anybody dying. 
 		The masses need a narrative to give them the courage and permission to not only exist, but to thrive. Politics, race and religion go hand in hand. The (((main stream))) Purged this concept from Christian Hindu churches, thus causing the decrease in membership. But thy can’t destroy the Word. We can rebuild churches. 
 		The "Word" is worthless. srry not srry 
 		The "Word" is worthless. srry not srry 
 This dickhead here, White Is Beautiful, wants to send me a pic of a rough looking black bird to make his point. Send me this pic of a fat white bird, his mum, by mistake. Told you Gab was hilarious folks lol 
 	God, if that young lady sat on your face, you wouldn't hear the stereo.  
 		And he says My girlfriend was fat mate  
 			Btw Johann, that's one tasty bird. 
 				Beautiful girl mate. Was seeing her three years ago. Then she had to go back to France to start uni. Seeing a French geezer now. Lucky twat lol 
 	working as programmed 
 	Libertarian: Gov't control of schools makes kids dumb  Me: I'm sure your advocacy for open borders and the resulting flood of low I.Q. invaders burdening our schools have nothing to do with this.  Libertarian: Fuck you racist! 
 	Libertarian: Gov't control of schools makes kids dumb  Me: I'm sure your advocacy for open borders and the resulting flood of low I.Q. invaders burdening our schools have nothing to do with this.  Libertarian: Fuck you racist! 
 Simpleton! Doesn't she realize that those "white men" fought and died for shitheads like her to have the freedom to voice their toxic opinions?    
 	if this is what a university education does for you then god help us all in the future with retarded morons like her spouting bullshit  
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 	Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away,, scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? or the fact i made u bow down twice. kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
 		nigger 
 This is piss easy, if you need a Phd to solve these easy question  then by god our fucking generation is gonna be retarded as fuck   the whole "the majority of the 100IQ students got only 5/10 of them right"  pretty much shows who goes to Academia these days  
 Hi I'm special because I like penis in my anus. 
 	Try say that to children one day oh sorry you can't the cunt fuck to make children or try fucking frog ript ript  
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 		  Keep telling yourself that, faggot  
 Alt-lites threw nationalists under the bus after charlottesville    Nationalists threw one another under the bus over trotskyite style strategic or ideological differences    Hannity and Ingraham are throwing the proud boys under the bus and have already forgotten about Alex Jones.    It wont end until Marco Rubio becomes frontrunner in a 2024 landslide loss. 
 	The whole optics thing was cancer and so were the people who thought it actually mattered as if the outcome would have been different since we've seen time and time again it's just hard power exercised on a selective basis against Any enemies of the system and never against any extrajuidicial thugs like antifa no matter the evidence. 
 		 I agree, although it did seem that during the optics schism a lot of people seemed to argue the whole point was to get the media to report on us favorably (which is retarded on so many levels). 
 Even though Gab is having an Identity Crisis and all, I still prefer Gab over Twitter for several reasons. One such reason is this: 
 	I like twitter better except I get shadow banned really fast. 
 		But you can Say Nigger here 
 Michigan female student accused male student of rape has been sentenced to jail for lying     
 	This nasty looking dyke just wishes someone would give her attention. but just the fact it looks like a guy, I'm not surprised most guys wouldn't touch it. 
 I think the skull portrayed as Muslim is actually a nigger skull. Due to millenia of inbreeding the muzz skull would be two skulls fused together as conjoined twins, or some other freakish defect. 
 Why is the nordic resistance movement throwing up the nazbol salute and wearing a "revolution" shirt? Reminds me of Breivik's nazbol salute. 
 		Except I didn't call her crazy, I called her a filthy whore. Learn to read before you make retarded comments again. 
 Democrat New Jersey Senator Cory Booker Accused Of Sexually Assaulting A Man          #1A #2A                        vs      
 	I called it months ago !  I said.This Asshole Is A Faggot.Its Written All Over HIs Face.HIs Enunciation Of Words.HIs Body Language.He Is A Flaming Faggot ! 
 You take nigger sloppy seconds if you want.  I won't even touch a woman that fucks niggers.  
 Twitter Rules Louis Farrakhan Comparing Jewish People To Termites Doesn’t Violate Guidelines      
 	Wow, he'd feel right at home around here. 
 		No, he wouldn't. He's an Anti White cunt 
 If the news media is scanning this please tell the DemoRATS This message!  We do not condone violence or mass shootings Of Any Kind.  This has nothing to do with us patriots on Gab Site.  You Dems calling for Gun Control has not worked For Years, well proven, in fact you have the strictest gun control in Illinois and still many get killed yearly in that state.  Guns alone by itself does not kill But You Dems Kill People.   YouR Leaders Maxine Waters, Hillary, Brennan, And False President Obama, Pelosi And Schumer > Supported And Brought Upon By Fake News, Has Been Calling For Violence Since The Very Beginning When Potus Was Elected In 2016.   The Fbi And The Doj Has Become Extremely Very Corrupt Has Become So Biased, So Politicalized Under The Direction Of The Democrats While You Support A Traitor Named Mueller Who SoLD 10 Grams Of Heu To Russia To Be YouR Special Counsel.  Proof State Department Cables.   Now here is my point.  Your  black psyops and political attacks to us Republicans has reached the breaking point.  We are a few days away from Nov 6th elections, your Tactics Of CHANGInG Our Votes, DOInG VOTInG Fraud, CREATInG False Flags, Hoax'S Of Any Kind, YouR Treatment Of Kavanaugh, YouR HAndLInG Of The Fake Bombs, COVERInG Up A SUpER Clean Spic And Span Van, ARRESTInG A PERSoN thereby SETTInG Him Up,  Is Really PIsSInG Us Red Base ToTALLY OfF.   You Democrats have Gone Way ToO Far, and with your Fake News And SoCIALIsT BeLIEFS trying to spew your stupid propaganda of fake news, attacking Potus Constantly Since 2016, Calling For Violence And Uncivility has hit the peak, and such will not deter our intentions to vote for Potus Trumps Red Wave Momentum.  We have every intent to Vote You The Democrats Out Of OfFICE.   You the Fake News Media And Free Speech SUpPRESSION SoCIAL Media Sites Such As Twitter And Facebook To Name A Few, can post and splash this post all over the news, because we all know the Truth.   The corruption and the stink you Democrats have created with your far left extremists and call for open borders, gun control, making bad trade deals nearly destroying UsA by causing the Great Divide is not wanted by any reasonable UsA Citizens with common sense, so get out of my beloved country and go live someplace else.  Red Wave Nov 6H, We Support Potus Trump 100%  Vote Straight Republican Ticket!   Thank You President Trump For FightInG For Us, Now Its Our Time To Fight Back For You! and vote straight Republican ticket. 
 If the news media is scanning this please tell the DemoRATS This message!  We do not condone violence or mass shootings Of Any Kind.  This has nothing to do with us patriots on Gab Site.  You Dems calling for Gun Control has not worked For Years, well proven, in fact you have the strictest gun control in Illinois and still many get killed yearly in that state.  Guns alone by itself does not kill But You Dems Kill People.   YouR Leaders Maxine Waters, Hillary, Brennan, And False President Obama, Pelosi And Schumer > Supported And Brought Upon By Fake News, Has Been Calling For Violence Since The Very Beginning When Potus Was Elected In 2016.   The Fbi And The Doj Has Become Extremely Very Corrupt Has Become So Biased, So Politicalized Under The Direction Of The Democrats While You Support A Traitor Named Mueller Who SoLD 10 Grams Of Heu To Russia To Be YouR Special Counsel.  Proof State Department Cables.   Now here is my point.  Your  black psyops and political attacks to us Republicans has reached the breaking point.  We are a few days away from Nov 6th elections, your Tactics Of CHANGInG Our Votes, DOInG VOTInG Fraud, CREATInG False Flags, Hoax'S Of Any Kind, YouR Treatment Of Kavanaugh, YouR HAndLInG Of The Fake Bombs, COVERInG Up A SUpER Clean Spic And Span Van, ARRESTInG A PERSoN thereby SETTInG Him Up,  Is Really PIsSInG Us Red Base ToTALLY OfF.   You Democrats have Gone Way ToO Far, and with your Fake News And SoCIALIsT BeLIEFS trying to spew your stupid propaganda of fake news, attacking Potus Constantly Since 2016, Calling For Violence And Uncivility has hit the peak, and such will not deter our intentions to vote for Potus Trumps Red Wave Momentum.  We have every intent to Vote You The Democrats Out Of OfFICE.   You the Fake News Media And Free Speech SUpPRESSION SoCIAL Media Sites Such As Twitter And Facebook To Name A Few, can post and splash this post all over the news, because we all know the Truth.   The corruption and the stink you Democrats have created with your far left extremists and call for open borders, gun control, making bad trade deals nearly destroying UsA by causing the Great Divide is not wanted by any reasonable UsA Citizens with common sense, so get out of my beloved country and go live someplace else.  Red Wave Nov 6H, We Support Potus Trump 100%  Vote Straight Republican Ticket!   Thank You President Trump For FightInG For Us, Now Its Our Time To Fight Back For You! and vote straight Republican ticket. 
 	You're the cunt who would deny the ability for men and women of conscience, integrity, and character the means to defend themselves. Shame On You.  
 You have twat you got a spot  
 You have twat you got a spot  
 The left is a disgrace. 
 	That's not a political party that's a circus. 
 		Hitler Was Right 
 			All jews are gay creatures just like you. Hope Russia removes gay israel from the globe and make soap from you faggot creatures 
 Flat Earthers full retard mode episode 2 Redux  via  
 But here you are faggot  .bwahhhhhhhhhhhahaha 
 Kanye is a quadruple stuf oreo, a stepanfetchit and uncle tom " house nigger " for the white massa in the big house : Diaper Boy trumpuke.  They are biggest white and black self absorbed assholes in America 
 Common features shared by Muslims & Western Liberals:    - their hatred for Christianity  - their hatred for decency, diligence, talent  - their contempt for honest work  - their love for unearned wealth, narcissistic control over others   - their sadistic preference for tyranny to watch others subjugated & suffering  - ie, they are all mentally disturbed Nazis. 
 		Most people are so ignorant, they don't know the difference between communism, fascism, socialism, or freedom.  .and, they don't care to learn. 
 			I've already got a clueless one showing the ignorance. Weimar Germany on steroids today anyone? 
 		You can’t possibly be this clueless  
 			Enwhiten me! 
 			Enwiten you.now that speaks volumes for what I’m referencing  
 		No Nazi ever told me I should be replaced because I was white, or tolerated his (((relatives))) doing so. 
 		You're a lolcow.  
 			Idf paid Troll Soldier. Off to the oven you go. 
 			That wasn't for you, goofball. Ps unpaid troll.  
 			That wasn't for you, goofball. Ps unpaid troll.  
 This man or woman or thing is a disgusting obnoxious racist bitch.    
 	Black people can't be racist! 
 		If the same all encompassing tone all Black people are Retarded! Generalizing a whole race sure is popular with many retarded Black people!  Thx Jews! 
 Thought crime!  
 	most of kanye's fans are white fools who just love to be flogged and whipped with his white hating lyrics of kill the white devil. he thinks whites are fools. he's not too far off. 
 		you white faggot nigger lover. you are scum you little white worm.Lol 
 Well. Bush did the phone thing.  Don't get me wrong he was always on the Obama team but yea. that Obama phone deal was all Bush. Just like everything else though the nigger took credit for it  
 I need a little help from the Gab Fam here.   Anyone know who this guy is?   I've seen his face somewhere before.   I just can't remember where or when.   I think he works for the government.   But I'm not positive.   Any help will be greatly appreciated.   It's driving me nuts. 
 	Well "Q" says he is working as the silent executioner (psyop) Many patriots believe he is a spook, gathering information on people to protect his own ass Remember he owns part of the company that leased the helicopters that shot up the people in Las Vegas. His old ass will swing with the rest if so. Time will tell 
 		Prove that #Q is fake. Go ahead. I'll wait. 
 			I do believe Q is a psyop. At Christmas last year we were all waiting for the first of the year for the arrests to start as per "Q" Guess what we are waiting for this year.  
 				Unsure your education level, but try to conceptualize this. Meanwhile, prove that #Q is fake. Your beliefs don't matter.  info is Global now. Here ya go.    
 					My beliefs are mine, I wont change them because someone else believes something else. I am an American As far as my education, you might be surprised. I know we all want to hold on to a hero, my belief is its not "Q" The enemy has many, many faces.  
 						If you want to believe, then believe 
 							Pretty sure I'll do what I want anyway. But help us all out. Prove that #Q is fake. 
 								You do what you want  you’re a hero takin down the cabal no chance you’re mentally retarded stuck with the brain of an 8 year old! 
 Love and support your race, my white brothers and sisters.   Whites (European-descended peoples) are only 7% of the world's population. We have the right to exist and the right to our own ethno-states.              #Q    
 	You dummies keep crying about "the right to love your own race".  You have a gazillion ways to do that, starting with Irish clubs, Italian clubs, German clubs, Greek clubs, etc etc. There are parades all over the country every year. Greeks aren't the same race as Germans, etc.  
 		I'm of British descent. My husband is of Greek descent. We don't have the same Dna. You simply are retarded and don't know shit about race.  
 ''Universal truth'' = jew-speak. But we already know that. You bow your back and bend your knee to a jew. Abrahamic religions are truly a cancer. 
 	"'Universal truth' = jew-speak" has to be the most retarded thing I've ever read on this site, and I've seen some shit. 
 Kavanaugh   No. I thought you were buffoons: 
 	dumb ass fuckin nigger 
 Well, talk about rock and hard place.  The new unit got flooded with pot smoke the same evening I settled in, very sick Atm.  Hopefully, the regional manager will understand my situation and dissolve the lease.   In the meantime I will be staying with family until I can find smoke free/ drug free housing.  If such a thing exists. 
 	Sorry that happen. I hope everything goes well.  
 		It gets better, got a storage unit and when I went to get some things I noticed that my window was popped open and my tablet and PS4 was stolen from my living room.  Luckly, they didn't take my stereo system, pc or Tv.  I took those to storage so now there is nothing in there a nigger will take.  That's 2/2 
 Hillary Clinton: "Women's lives, women's narratives - they've been historically dismissed, condescended to."  
 	Who cares what this old cunt says. 
 This sick left punk roundhouse kicks a female pro life supporter   
 	Was arrested yesterday ,could do 20 years for previous attacks. Canada laws are limp :):) 
 		Understand he was caught last week for giving $50,000 cash payments to every Muzzie family that enters Canada. Investigation was opened last Friday because it was from the VETs fund .  
 		Understand he was caught last week for giving $50,000 cash payments to every Muzzie family that enters Canada. Investigation was opened last Friday because it was from the VETs fund .  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	love it, can think of 1 person i would use this on. and only because he is a total fucking retard that isnt interested in civil discourse. 
  
 	see this would of been on i would of cut lose from the tree. 20 yrs ago we were past the nigger thing niggers are dumb and forget i guess  
  lol no 
 	Lol i wonder what sort of "Premium content" this faggot has. 
 	I am not elevating animals to human status or implying that they should have the same rights as humans, but they do have a natural right to keep their lives and to be free from harmto live without being killed for meat, fur or leather, etc. Carnivores and omnivores kill out of necessity, but it is never necessary for humans to kill for food (except in survival situations) considering we are the only species that knows how to grow crops and that we can't kill for meat without the use of tools or weapons, which reveals what our natural diet really is.   > "Fueled by your hatred of Christianity"     
 			Faggot 
 	Trump is very aware of the Jewish Question.   His answer to it is "outright Zionism". 
 	Trump is very aware of the Jewish Question.   His answer to it is "outright Zionism". 
 How stupid are you? Did niggers have a Christian kingdom with monarchial houses based on bloodlines, that stood taller than all the known world for 1,000 years? Did the jews?  I will tell Yashua himself that you have a cunt for a brain. Your rhetorical, provoking comments don't mean shit for real men.  
 Swamp Thing: Undercover Video Reveals McCaskills’s Extensive Efforts to Deceive Voters | Sean Hannity  
 	this cunt is fuckin toast 
 Watch: Muslim refugee says she is ashamed to be called "Canadian" and live in Canada - Assimilation Impossible!  They Must Leave     
 	 
 		The Muzzie skank is Not Canadian!   If she doesn't like living in Canada, she can pack up her tent and her rages and Gtfo!   Oh yeah, take the rest of her stinking tribe with her!   
  
 	As an American you are required to carry a valid Id on you. What's the big deal about showing Id when voting. You have to show Id for a doctor's appt. 
 		no he should get the f out 
 			con-yeah gonna make all dah 13 yr ol white keeds woth brain prolems cause da 25 yr ol freshman nigger pick dem up an drop dem on der hea all better 
 Megyn Kelly Is Eyeing A Return To Fox News   
 	Fuck no! Sadly, the faggot offspring of R. Murdoch are likely to want her. 
 When you’re a liberal and the Ceo of a liberal company and support high taxes and then the liberal mayor of your liberal city imposes high taxes on your company and you oppose it because you have to pay more money    
 	Somebody egg that lying Cunt in public please 
 The purple haired pro-abortion dipshit who roundhouse kicked a girl who had a different opinion than him is trying to raise $100,000 on GoFundMe because he lost his job as a hairstylist after the assault.  If you didn't see the video. it's attached. 
 		He'D Enjoy It.   
 		He'D Enjoy It.   
 	 
 		not even close. 
 		not even close. 
 Than apparently your screen name is a lie . how can you say white is Beutifull and go out and fuck a greasy stinky nigger . you are a poser 
 Innocent Kavanaugh :   Whatcha hiding there Di?   Feinstein wants Fbi report sealed from public.    
 	Bwahahahahahahaha   StinkStein the dual citizen Communist has got herself backed in a corner. She has pulled the noose tighter around her own neck.  LockHerUp 
 		Yep   I'm sensing it's all going down.  Especially when you hear from Pos Traitor Cunt Hanoi Jane Fonda calling for violence & killing all Trump Supporters.  The rats are in total panic. The look on their faces is priceless. The Gitmo Hilton awaits them all with the Rat Soup as the Soup Du Jour & Stale Bread with Dirty Water.  
  
 		  
 		  
 ’s Ties to the   Report  
 	News facts, all should know,  revealed by Mn Rep , the day he was voted in by Retarded Minnesota Democrats.   * what happened to her for weeks after by Commie  when they deny everything she says, only to hear it from  himself, swearing in on Koran scum cult.   *  will have all the connected links related.   Shock them with reality.  Ellison & scum cult  Agent partner  are  members.  Running The .  Seat 1 & 2.   pulling mower backwards over feet, some might see a flicker of light wearing thongs.    
 Faith Goldy Being Denied Advertising   Toronto Mayoral Leading candidate    
 	Lmfao she is in no way  shape or form leading. as if .hysterical  
 		Anything else you fucking cunt Loser. Start thinking for yourself 
 Rt Imamofpeace    The Intercept says if you mention the crimes of a Muslim, then you’re an anti-Muslim bigot.     
 	Fucking pussy wife beater. Someone gif him in a redneck wife beater tee 
     Wir sind  (YesWeCan.)  Motto: **Wenn Medien nicht mehr ans eigne Volk glauben (wollen), wer versagte!**    [AutophpGab]  
 	Viel Gluck! No sarcasm.win Germany back.this will require Men to Stand Up. Do not be deterred. Think of Arminius and free yourselves from the Fascists who would enslave you.  
 		Murica in a nutshell."No amount of planning can replace dumb luck".  Then as Bismarck said, and he knew everything about the the eurotrash inbred retarded elites."There is a Divine Providence that protects drunks, and the United States of America".  Join in, The Divine, not "god" is how.Seek and ye shall find, so says the Master.  
 	Why work?  If you work, your money is just going to subsidize your replacements or single mothers that impregnated by your replacements.  I'm also on white man strike.  I'll keep leeching off productive people until I have stake in the society. Definitely don't ask me to die in wars for Jews. 
 		Ffs! You lazy twats, the lot of you it seems. How does it feel to have to be supported by black and Jewish working folk then? No doubt you're all breeding like bloody rabbits too. You are the white trailer trash they talk about in the Us aren't you. 
 			It's their country, not mine.  I don't have any stake in it at all.  They better get used to dying in wars for Jews though.  I'm not doing it. We can't even get a wall we voted for despite ctrl of government, but we can fund walls for other countries.  The country doesn't belong to us. 
 				Convenient excuse to be lazy and live off other people's hard work too isn't it ;) 
 					2/ I'm not exactly lazy though.  I work out 5 days a week, 2 hr/day.  I read extensively, I write music, paint, occasionally do free lance work under the table (i.e. no taxes). Kind of like black market in Soviet Union.  As long as I'm not contributing to my replacement, I'm proud.  
 						Mate! Living on Welfare that other people pay in taxes and working on the side is lazy. You're stealing money from genuinely sick and elderly white people too. This is what our lazy underclass do here and they vote for socialism to get more of other people's money. Did you vote for Clinton for that reason? 
 							My goal is to drain the system.  I want the system to crash as soon as possible because it doesn't represent me and is actively trying to eradicate my race from the planet. I want to make people uncomfortable, they will never act so long as they are prosperous and have bread/circuses. 
 								And you do that by living on Welfare other people kindly provide on pain of imprisonment. Yeah. Great Rebel for the Cause you are fella. Bit like my mate's left wing "anarchist" son. Lives with her rent free at 27. Very anarchistic lol 
 										Is it really bizarre?  What's the motivation?  To get money to buy shit?  Things/money don't really mean much to me.  So long as women are anti-white/anti-western single mothers, feminists, having nigger babies, gender non-binary or whatever I have very little motivation to society. I actually have a vested interest in this society being replaced. 
  
 	And you still Dont live in Vietnam?    Why.ooh yea no free shit.no hand outs.nobody but you to blame for you.You have to work and provide for You.you also havent turned vietnam into a welfair country either.if you did that to them.They Would Call You A Nigger 
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 		The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right," therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites.   Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 							The Context On Your Page Suggests Your Wannabe,I Care Less About Any Religion,As For Race I Will Kill A 5'4" 114lbs White Girl Wearing A Che Guerra T-Shirt Just As Easy As A 6'2"240lbs Nigger And Everyone In Between,Some Real White Worrior Will End Your Coward Anonymous Life,Address Me Showing Your Real Face,Or Fuck Off Faggot 
 Convicted Leaker Chelsea Manning Says Life In The U.S. Like Living In Prison (Video)  via  
 	You retarded tranny feel free to leave anytime you coward you won’t leave you are all talk you fake cunt 
 I think we should start arresting these leftist mob protestors who destroy property, intimidate people, scream at the sky and otherwise disrupt daily business and admitting them into mental institutions where they belong.  This is not normal behavior.  This is not protesting.  This is not near normal behavior.  These people are mostly all college age kids who have been indoctrinated by a leftist ideology hellbent on dismantling the rule of law, the rule of ethics and the rule of respect in our country.  These people are of no use to society, and they don't appear capable of contributing to society at all.  They need to be diagnosed and treated in a facility by professionals trained to deal with their behavior.  This is not a joke, I'm not blowing smoke.  These people are a danger to society and to themselves if they aren't treated.  The next order of action should be to either discredit these liberal indoctrination camps or put people in place who can teach a curriculum worthy of calling themselves institutions of higher learning.  It may take a generation, but it'll be worth every ounce of effort in the long run. 
 	Who's we? These cities where this is going on has gone full retard they control their "law enforcement" their leadership is complicit! Not happening in my city, is it happening in yours? 
 Anti-Kavanaugh protesters being arrested as they chant "I believe that we will win!" and I'm just like "Yeah, but you also believe that people can change their gender and Christine Blasey Ford is credible so, you're probably gonna lose". 
 	Don't be silly. No-one believes she is credible. As feral and povo as these kids look, remember most of them are kids of doctors, lawyers etc. Why are the most radical communists the ones in good jobs, while patriots have been persecuted and removed from good jobs? 
 		 Fuck off you hook-nosed nigger - your subversion won't work around here. 
 Rabid Racist Pensioner Thrown Out of His Fav Shop for Telling Black Wankers to Sod Off Back to the Jungle. Fat Sounding Cunt Involves Herself. Did She Want Dat Dick?    
 Head Shot Killer spreading terror in Occupied Chicago.   2 Executions of Random strangers in 2 Days by .   Residents in the Rogers Park neighborhood are in mourning, and searching for answers, a day after a 73-year-old man was shot and killed while walking his dogs.      
 	Good chance its not a nigger doing it.for once. They tend to fire 50 rounds and only hit 1 person. But then again it is Shticago so anything is possible. 
 .This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.  2:41 pm - 27 Oct 2018 
 	Sending prayers out tonight to those Americans of the Jewish  murdered exercising their constitutional right to worship God. I pray that God comforts their broken hearts. I pray these prayers in the name of Jesus.        
 		The Jews hate and blaspheme the name of Christ, they even believe he's boiling in feces  Please fucking kill yourselves you retarded boomers 
 	Let's ask him  
 	Let's ask him  
 False.  Dick Van Dyke Is Not dead. 
 	I have deleted it. Thanks for letting us know it was a spam. 
 		Not only not dead but.lifelong Democrat and Bernie Bro. 
 		Ur welcome  
 		Dick Van Dyck is alive and still a Dick. He's a Trump hater and a Bernie supporter. Not worried about his next vote. I liked the fake story though! 
 			Probably on the sauce again. 
 			Probably on the sauce again. 
 Only faggots you got are degenerate jew golem npc creations. You worthless nigger lover.  
 Daily reminder that not all  are running ProgressiveOS.     
 	Imagine actually being bereft of your own inner dialogue that your creativity had reached this low a point.   Zero self-awareness. 
 		Oh, look a kike faggot made himself a meme. 
 	If southern Italiens and Spaniards are counted as White we need a 'real white' category. 
 		Lol Now even southern Europeans aren't white enough for the NatSocs. They certainly looked white with good tans when I went there :) 
 			Some suffered less from the islamic occupation (rape, mixed children). All parts of Europe that have been occuppied by Moslems still have weak economies and good tans. 
 				Be that as it may, but Spanish and Italians are still mainly white. I've been there. 
 						The Mafia in southern Italy reminds me of Moslem behavior. 
 							How about the Mafia in New York? :) 
 								You can take the Mafioso out of Italy but you can't take the Mafioso out of the Mafioso. 
 																lol 
 We're getting early reports that Mark Zuckerberg may have been banned from the Internet as part of the . Fortunately officials at Facebook quickly reinstated their leader once they realized the mistake. 
 	Look a real meme no wonder why we the left are freaking out look at it and that silly hiar cut sad cunt  
 	Sick virtue signaling Npc 
 	You Racist, you! 
 		I see what you did there?  
 	*whispers 'who is it?'  
 		Hahahahaha, me too! 
 		Thank goodness.  
 		Me too. 
 		Same! Not a fucking clue who it is.  
 		They all look the same? I Mean Hollyweirds Finest, Honest!  
 London Police Boss Defends Deputy Who Hid in Car During Westminster Attack, Says He Led Response ‘With Distinction’   Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick has defended her deputy after he was roundly condemned for staying in his car with the doors locked during the Westminster terror attack.  Sir Craig Mackey, who was Acting Commissioner at the time of Khalid Masood’s attack outside the Palace of Westminster, told an inquest he was at the scene when the jihadist struck, but remained in his car with the doors locked and watched as he fatally stabbed unarmed Pc Keith Palmer, as he had no protective equipment, no radio, [and] two colleagues with me who [were] quite distressed.   He briefly opened the car door after a plainclothes police protection officer who happened to be nearby neutralised Masood, but closed it again and moved out to start putting everything we need in place back at headquarters.   Sir Craig’s conduct has been roundly condemned by Police Federation representatives, retired officers, and serving officers who commentate anonymously on social media, with many suggesting he be stripped of his knighthood and police medal or even prosecuted for neglect of duty.   Commissioner Dick, however, has offered strong support to her Deputy  due to retire with a substantial index-linked pension in a matter of weeks  claiming he had absolutely no opportunity to stop the killer or save Pc Palmer. Anyone who suggests otherwise is simply wrong.   The actions he was able to and did take were to protect the unarmed police staff colleagues who were in the car with him, she added the actions in question being to being to stay put in his vehicle.   He went on to lead the Met’s response to the attack with distinction, she added.   Sir Craig has also been backed by Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu  but a perception that senior officers are circling the wagons around their embattled colleague is not being received well by rank-and-file officers.   A credible police leader would charge the enemy, risking their own life if necessary, when their Constables are being killed in front of them, tweeted ‘Inspector Gadget’, a popular police blogger and author of Perverting the Course of Justice.   Mr Basu fails to acknowledge [that] the highest ranking police officer at the time drove away whilst one of his men lay dying behind him, chimed in another pseudonymous officer.   An Mp with no protective equipment tried to save Pc Keith Palmer but [Sir Craig] couldn’t even stop to check on him. Unacceptable.   Forget risk assessing an incident, forget weighing up options. It’s past that point. A police officer is under attack and you’re witnessing it. Go And F**Cking Get Involved. A colleague, a brother needs help and needs it now, added a third.   As senior officers are so keen on implying in the media it was one of Your officers who needed help, then and there. And You drove away. There is nothing. Nothing. Anyone can ever say that changes my mind on this. Craig Mackey is a coward and not fit to be a police officer.   Commissioner Dick has been no stranger to harsh criticism since she took up her position as London’s top cop under the mayoralty of controversial Labour politician Sadiq Khan.   Full Story:     
 	Common Purpose Dyke defends Common purpose Cuck. 
 Faggot who kicked a pro lifer chick gets Busted!  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	My view of 'Alternative lifestyles' is completely benign, but all this shit is making my laissez faire attitude transform into one of disdain. 
 		Yrs ago.i didnt care.i used to have faggot friends.  But when they declared war on Christianity.all bets were off.  I asked my now ex friends where they stood on the war.  My reply to them.We Are Now Enemies In This War ! 
 that nigger iz fucking pzycho! 
 Rt :    Theresa May says 95% of the Brexit deal is done,  asks: Should we give the Pm more time?   
 	95 % is not done we the vote that leave want to see true % bet money it only 25% because she say us not us the population you mean us may evil European union cunt s she will never break away from evil  
  Now Live: The Psychotic Left Pledges To Intensify Violence After Kavanaugh Confirmation!  Watch the uncensored video feeds at: infowars.com/show     #1A     
 	just a bunch of sand nigger cock suckers wanting more sand nigger cock to suck 
 A compiled collection of police brutality footage. If you support the cops and advocate , then watch this video and rethink what side you're on. Police are all hive-minded. They all think about violence and always engage in it whenever they think they can get away with it. Every man and woman of law enforcement in this country is responsible for all the brutality committed by corrupt officers because they're all corrupt.    
 	No pumpkin they Do Not think that way.go get some real statistics.stop with the Bullshit propoganda.asshole 
 		.oh ouch.hubby fucks me just fine sissyboy.and you.you’re a clueless cunt 
 Very important!   I guess when it comes down to it, I want her to be kind to *Me*.   Any kindness to others needs to be on an entirely different basis!   lol 
 	c/c  Showing these to my sis. Losers play on her big heart w sob stories to take advantage. A friend she was hung up on caught up w her 8 yrs after he cut her off, refusing to talk about it. He played her, lied, was cruel Af, & basically called her a cunt for not happily sacrificing her life to others. She can't trust anyone rn. She'll like this. 
 	c/c  Showing these to my sis. Losers play on her big heart w sob stories to take advantage. A friend she was hung up on caught up w her 8 yrs after he cut her off, refusing to talk about it. He played her, lied, was cruel Af, & basically called her a cunt for not happily sacrificing her life to others. She can't trust anyone rn. She'll like this. 
 I'm in the Lagos airport. Cnn is on at the bar. A twat is in tears as the vote is happening. Guys are laughing. Good times. 
 	>Lagos Anglin identity for Zman confirmed 
 		Speaking of Lagos, Google Images shows that place is as First World as it can get. Why aren't all the Africans rushing there instead of coming to Europe? 
 		Z-man is talking about Baltimore. 
 	I hope nobody here is tired of winning. 
 		He hasn't done anything yet.  
 	I'd like to go to a bar, just to antagonize the leftist trash. but I'd no doubt go to jail for beating their asses, even though I wouldn't throw the first punch 
 	I can't believe guys are openly raping in the airports. Oy vey! It's anudder Shoah!  
 	Lagos, whose cornflakes did you pee in to have to go _there_ . that’s my preferred new city for the Un.  ( Which shows you my disdain, and merciful nature: Not in Car) 
 		Unless he's traveled to the dark continent, Zman refers to his home of Baltimore as "Lagos on the Chesapeake" (or some such). It's an ongoing reference.  
 		ahhh. THanks had not caught that yet 
 	People are always crying on Cnn. Spritz rubbing alcohol in my eyes and I would be crying on Cnn giving a splendid performance worthy of an Emmy too.  
 	Crush your enemies, see them driven before you and hear the lamentations of their women. 
 	oy vvey 
 	 
 	Gold! Take care, I lived three years in Lagos and it's a dangerous shit hole!  
 	Hello 
 	Hello 
 Nazis Should get punched. And Commies Should get helicopter rides.  That is all. 
 	And  is a Pedo, you useless  goon 
 		Oh no!  You insulted Vox.  Surely that will make me fold up. 
 				I'm probably crying now.  Probably. 
 					Found it. The worst banter on gab. 
 						Why do you say mean things that hurt my feelings? 
 							jfc how many lockers have you been stuffed into (rough estimate is ok) 
 								I'm in one now.  Thankfully, the jocks let me keep my phone this time. 
 								I'm in one now.  Thankfully, the jocks let me keep my phone this time. 
 Judging by the new loading screen, BioWare went full retard with the "stronk womyn" bullshit in . And the lips on that nigger jedi, wtf? Looking for a new . Anyone have any ideas? No WoW or GW2. 
 Charity Fraud 
 	hes on film in a faggot orgy somewhere 
 That's because she's a fat cunt 
 And they want to legalise this shit.    
 		i assumed no such thing. i described categories of individuals, and how retarded they are. do you fit in the category? i don't know you, so how would i know, other than from this original post here, which seems to indicate you at least fall in category 1 of the 2.   ie. settle down, beatrice. 
 		i assumed no such thing. i described categories of individuals, and how retarded they are. do you fit in the category? i don't know you, so how would i know, other than from this original post here, which seems to indicate you at least fall in category 1 of the 2.   ie. settle down, beatrice. 
  
 		try to down vote this  
 		try to down vote this  
 Well.that's retarded 
 Lied about being a "Dr". No license has been found. She said she used her cell phone to call a friend after it happened. Cell phones were practically non existent in 1982. They cost almost 4000.00.  She said she ran to a Safeway after the incident. Safeway didn't exist in that location until 1986. She is a Liar. Rachel Mitchell says it more eloquently. 
 		I don't like that word but in this case it's appropriate and spot on as the Brits would say. Tally Ho. 
 		It Sums Up A Lot Of These Democrats No Matter What Gender They Identify As. 
 		It Sums Up A Lot Of These Democrats No Matter What Gender They Identify As. 
  
 	Shut up you faggot (((Jew))) dick sucker (((Dump))), you are knowingly allowing these (((Jew))) media outlets to exist just like you are allowing the wet backs to invade all the while pretending to care. Fuck off (((Dump))). 
 Capitol Police have arrested a Congressional staffer who worked for Sheila Jackson Lee D-Tx for doxing Republican Congressmen via Wikipedia. 
 		He probably has a Harvard Law professor.  
 		He probably has a Harvard Law professor.  
  
 	  Let us undo the Liberal Retard actions from the Barack Obama administration. 
 Justifiably.  
 	Hillary is on the Daily Caller rejecting a call to civility.   Feinstein is a fucking traitorous cunt clearly.   At what point do you start arresting these fucking traitors? America can do this Far more easily than Australia. 
 how embarrassing will this frog eating faggot become? 
       
 	Every time the cunt opens her mouth , she pisses me off. 
 	Every time the cunt opens her mouth , she pisses me off. 
 This U.S. Senator is on a mission after they tried to destroy Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh   
 	this guy is takin y'all for ride. he's as swamp as swamp gets 
 		and he's a faggot 
     This particular group did a few punchy songs which remain classics to this day. This was one of them   Daddy Cool - Eagle Rock    
 		faggot kangaroo bitch 
 I give God thanks for this beautiful day. 
 	I will pray for God to cure your mental illness of homosexuality.  I suggest you change your profile from "Vegetarian faggot for Jesus".  I hope you can resist the temptation to do the vile fudge pack act. 
 So you are a faggot and a kike? Lmfao 
 What kinda pervert does it take to sit there, clap for his lies and still support communist candidates agendas?  Must Get Out And Vote Republican in just a couple of weeks. Vote Early! 
 	Nigger is so full of gay shit no wonder he shits rainbows! Shut up and sit down my nigger! 
 Saddest thing is she gave herself over to that damn nigger in the first place. What was she thinking? Was he 12" or something? Money, unlikely. Demeanor of those fuckers is angry to enraged. Maybe she was just totally submissive or a masochist. damn shame. How sweet she would look w a White guy. 
 In Retard Land 
  
 	I reposted because I'd rather be called Racist than Scared. 
 		What if someone calls you a Faggot for doing that? Askin' fer a friend, mind ya! 
 Orange cheeto man like evil moustache man confirmed 
 	Fuck you and that stupid cunt Hillary and that coon that goes by the name of Obozo! 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 	In response to  's poll: Who supports the Jews on Gab that spew hatred for whites? Who try to act like patriots but call us supremacists if we dare to speak out for the rights and interests of the white race. 
 		Wow.amazing!    
 				We disagree that you can't support Both! 
 				We disagree that you don't have to call everyone a Nazi that openly supports the white race too. Don't we?  
 				Competitors don't support each other. They compete. 
 				And you mean what exactly? 
 				Never not supported white race.but we are not going to not support the Nation of Israel, just because we love the White race too! 
 				We were not calling those who love the white race 'nazis'.the ones who hate the Jewish race, thus are Nazis by their own words! 
 				You are stuck on a 70 year old broken record. What about the Kalergi plan that was crafted by Jewish Zionists. It is being carried out today and its sole purpose is the extinction of the white race. Google it I dare you. 
 				Because it's the most coveted & fought over Country on Earth.as they are God's people, & people can't accept that it God gave them the Land! 
 				Because it's the most coveted & fought over Country on Earth.as they are God's people, & people can't accept that it God gave them the Land! 
 	Torba can't escape his jewishness it seems.  
 Eric Holder: ‘I’m obviously not advocating violence’  
 	the nigger needs dead  
 Gay alimony forced over commitment ceremony 15years ago   I will be accepting apologies from everyone who said it couldn't happen            
 	Now actual ass for faggot males is as expensive as a piece of ass for straight males :) 
 White sharia was a retarded meme that poisoned the well for any talks about gender relations.   
 Didn't see a redneck in the video  
 Protesters lined the streets of Chicago after a jury found officer Jason Van Dyke guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laquan McDonald.   
 Protesters lined the streets of Chicago after a jury found officer Jason Van Dyke guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laquan McDonald.   
 I hate Americans referring to the woods as the bush ! That’s an Australian term ! 
 	That's because we have an Australian network infiltrating America and covertly changing you into Ockers. 
 		But we're the sneakiest fucks in the world. Just look at our politicians -- no one would ever suspect they were dangerous and corrupt, rather than simply retarded and ridiculously incompetent. 
 Haaaaa yes! The street shitting, nigger loving whore is gone!    
 Cunt 
 	Youve repeatedly had the difference between Jewish communists opposing Israel and opposing Jews themselves explained, but you dont care, because you are a bolshevik pretending to be natsoc. 
 		Take a loan from a beggar and buy a smart phone.    You're a fucking idiot.     
 		Take a loan from a beggar and buy a smart phone.    You're a fucking idiot.     
  
 		I wish we had a national alert for every time a leftest family has had the misfortune of the atrocities they are so willing to let slide for the downfall of America.   
 		I wish we had a national alert for every time a leftest family has had the misfortune of the atrocities they are so willing to let slide for the downfall of America.   
     Vermont Lawmaker Quit Her Job Because of Alleged 'Racism'   The Red Elephants 
 	If any black person thinks Anywhere is "too white" they're  to move their retarded ass to .  
 Rabbi Sholom Rubashkin was pardoned by President Donald Trump    child labor violations  illegal drug manufacturing in secret laboratories, the rape and sexual abuse of workers at his meat processing plant and unprecedented levels of animal cruelty .    
 	I watched some crime show all about this leprous nigger destroying postville  
 Do you live in nigger land where all things grow ? Im from the Cold North, its not mutch i can obtain here on a normal spott of land. If i want to grow things i need to get a damn farm acording to law. And its not that easy. The chekels controll to mutch of the normal mans life. You know this so piss off! 
 "majority of europeans in human civillizaton have lived under white christian european ethnostates"    you retarded fucking muppet.    our existence goes back 10,000+ years that we know, all but the last 1400 of those years has been under pagan rule. Rome, Carthage, Egypt, Minoa, Greece, Germania, gaul, all pagan white empires and ethnostates 
 	Does this mean we can tweet nigger at her, or is that just "her" word? Also, if women are niggers, does that mean they are also kitchen monkeys and frying pan chuckers? Or Soap Opera munchers? Lipstick suckers? Garden hopping bunnies? 
 Rt :    .@WhoopiGoldberg, instead of insinuating that my sons are potential future abusers, you might want to explain why you defended actual child rapist Roman Polanski?  I don’t believe it was ‘rape’ rape. - Whoopi Goldberg on Roman Polanski  Cc    
 	Oh yeah, Polanski butt fucked a 12 year old but that wasn't rape? Stupid ass cunt Goldberg Everyone Hates You! 
 The Origin Of The Word Nigger Derives from the word niggardly, old english, look up it's meaning 
 Cnn’s House Nigger Bakari Sellers: Based Kanye West Is What Happens When Negroes Don’t Read  Candace Owens Offers $100,000 for Debate (Video)    
 Turnbull will be remembered in historyas what?              
 	Turnbull will be remembered in history as a Labor reject & a Lnp traitor.        
 		The most vile evil son of a fucking whore. Remember Abbot them in with a landslide, The cunt lost almost all but one seat, is that a sign of a good leader? pigs fucken arse, lets hope the parasite  dies quickly, and we will shovel  Camel shit in his grave, don't incinerate the cunt, it will Couse the ugliest pollution 
 		The most vile evil son of a fucking whore. Remember Abbot them in with a landslide, The cunt lost almost all but one seat, is that a sign of a good leader? pigs fucken arse, lets hope the parasite  dies quickly, and we will shovel  Camel shit in his grave, don't incinerate the cunt, it will Couse the ugliest pollution 
 .@taylorswift13 has notably strayed away from politics throughout her career, but she broke that silence on Sunday writing on  that she'll be supporting Tennessee Democrats this November.      
 	How Sexist is that ? Cunt Power. 
 Gay wetback group coming to No Va   will push for higher wages for behind the home depot dumpster bjs    
 Not so much Jews. 2nd biggest Twitter shareholder is Saudi. Criticising Islam on Twitter gets you banned, they don't seem too bothered about antisemitism. 
 	The Adl is literally one of Twitters trusted flaggers. I lost an account for saying I was tending to my cattle cars and another for calling Mexicans illegal invaders. Jews at the Adl did that. Maybe things are different in Old America.  
 		Islam is the main cause of suspensions now. There are loads of Corbyn's socialists posting antisemitic shite who are still there. Same as morons calling for all whites to be killed that Twitter ignores. 
 				We have an Islam problem. Stakipanis are just part of it. Somalians are big into drug gangs. Yeah I saw the invaders. Yet again if Jews are helping them it's left wing Jewish morons. The same ones who bring illegals into Europe. 
 					All non whites in white homelands are a problem. Atleast you acknowledge the Jewish involvement in the Ngo’s orchestrating this. Now if you could only see that the only difference between left/right Jews is muh low taxes. Other than that, they have a cohesive group evolutionary strategy  
 					All non whites in white homelands are a problem. Atleast you acknowledge the Jewish involvement in the Ngo’s orchestrating this. Now if you could only see that the only difference between left/right Jews is muh low taxes. Other than that, they have a cohesive group evolutionary strategy  
 He set her up in a way.  She was going to be screwed regardless of what she did. Don't take the test and you're lying about your "Native American ancestry" or take the test and be proved a liar.   She was an idiot for claiming Native American ancestry and then crowing about opportunities that opened up for her Because she lied about her heritage.  Did she really imagine that Native Americans were going to support some white, liberal,  elitist cunt who screwed some actual Native American by appropriating their heritage for her own gain?   Yeah, probably not.  Especially when one of her actual ancestors was a member of the militia that rounded up the Cherokee Nation from their homes and set them on The Trail of Tears to Oklahoma.    Elizabeth Warren is just the latest flavor of libtard stupidity.  Yes, regressive liberals.you are All starting to look alike. Bitter, violent,  lying, cheating NPCs.  You owe the Cherokee Nation an apology,  Warren. If you had Any sense of decency at all, you'd apologize for your mistake and fund some promising Native American children with scholarships so they have better educational opportunities.  Most of those kids are dirt poor and their schools are shitty. ( Like the inner city schools that you liberal fucktards haven't done squat about for 50 years.)   I don't expect you to do anything so honorable because that isn't in your Dna either.    
 Another thing about today's events that concerns me is seeing the AltRight being conditioned to root for Any white Republican, just because they're "our team".     Are we going to turn out like blacks who support the most corrupt black politicians out of racial loyalty?     I'm all for white identity politics, but I don't want to see the J-Right exploit it. 
 	Yeah.I don't think that's a risk. 
 		Even if these white Republicans don't give a damn about whites and continue to prioritize Jews above all others?  
 			Nobody thinks they're /ourguy/. 
 				Judging by the tweets and gabs from the AltRight today, I'd beg to differ.  
 					Let people enjoy the White man's Win today.   Let them be happy for a change. 
 						Well. martygraw 404'd himself, so I'll be happy about that.   Resume with the white pills.  
 							I heard an Antifa faggot threatening to kill himself if Kavanaugh won. Maybe it was Marty  he was always spamming Antifa memes! 
  when I see what I presume is a grown ass man’s social media profile with a picture like that I immediately assume that person is a pedophile. Maybe I’m wrong, but judging by the way people are treating you we might be onto something. 
 	Judging by the profile pic. so you'd kill someone based on a profile pic.   NatSocs in a nutshell. 
 			What a load of nonsense lol  There’s no such thing as a right to pedophilia. You can’t possibky argue you are just defending the right of people to violate the rights of minors.   I don’t just disagree with pedophiles. Pedophilia isn’t a choice people have the right to make. You clearly do not understand the nature and source of rights.  
 				Drawings don't have rights, dummy. 
 					But that’s not what we are talking about, dumbass lol 
 						Actually, it is. 
 							Actually, it isn’t.  
 								Yes it is. Unless fictional characters have rights your arguments are invalid. 
 					Looks like a pedo. talks like a pedo. defends pedo’s rights.   Just might be a pedo. 
 						False. Pure conjecture and no better than the left's presumption of guilt argument. 
 						False. Pure conjecture and no better than the left's presumption of guilt argument. 
 	Every Black kid I knew in Detroit came from a family. I was a poor White kid from a broken home. My mother was an Og Me First Man Hater and my dad was a communist. 1985. 
 		We all have scars, since you're not afraid to show them, I would say you escaped that shit. 
 			Working on it. 
 					I’m sorry to hear that, bro. You show a strong will that you are able to fight it off. I’ve seen more than enough people lose that battle. Glad to meet you. 
 						Believing in something greater than yourself makes the difference in my experience. Self-destructing is easy, but carrying the guilt of your actions and their impact.morphine wasn't worth it. 
 							It was booze for me. I crawled into the bottom of a bottle for six months. 
 								The addiction itself doesn't go away, but we can control it by having control of our lives. Every time I've relapsed it has been over that, but the alternative to being sober is pure fucking misery. But imho, when you know hell you're able to avoid it, if you truly want to. 
 									I'm an absolute faggot regarding drinking, any distillate makes me gag, I'm like a thot on spring break, to get me drunk you have to hide the alcohol with a ton of sugar, or beer, I love beer, made me support Kavanaugh even more than I thought possible. 
 Shitlibs have reached a new low - Stupid goddamn Jew media forgets that people actually are capable of thinking through their headlines and hit pieces.     Because What man - outside of a faggot - who is relatively a Chad (as Kavanaugh was in the 80s) did not drink and have sex with girls who were willing/their steady g when they were 17?  Pfft.     
 Okay.she is a nice stupid cunt but she is still stupid, still a cunt and I don't need your permission to think it or say it. So, um.Fuck off.  Thank you.  
 I hear you, its just so insane to see them through their lives and culture away, I have a step daughter that thankfully I dont have contact with but shes a nigger lover, one put her in hospital, she miscarried etc yet shes one of those dirty White girls that does blacks.not welcome in our home! 
 Police: Man on Balcony Kills Puppy with 'Sniper Rifle'    
 	Imagine my surprise when this took place in Florida (non-existent), would be almost as surprised if the nigger tried shooting the rifle while holding it gangsta style. 
 	Snoop is a faggot bitch ass pussy 
  
 	Once upon a time there was a cunt. The cunt invented a social media platform. At first, all was well. Then it dawned on the cunt that he had created something that gave him power. The cunt abused that power. It became a drug. Then he recruited other cunts to help abuse power even further. Then one day the cunt abused one too many people and the tide turned. 
 Ex-boyfriend says Kavanaugh accuser Julie Swetnick threatened to kill his unborn child, ‘was exaggerating everything’  
 	anybody ever see the movie Fatal Attraction?    This is one fucked up cunt 
 Lauren Southern Isn'T Fit To Walk British Streets!  The Government Made Sure O Limey Faschist!  . ! 
 Lauren Southern Isn'T Fit To Walk British Streets!  The Government Made Sure O Limey Faschist!  . ! 
  
 	this cunt is a spook. 
 Jews killed hundreds of millions of goyim in their quest for world domination through movements such as Marxism and Zionism. Mute me spineless faggot 
 Triggering fucktards.   Dems Vs Repubs by the numbers.   *last 50 yrs   Years held Presidency  Repub-28yrs   Dem-22 yrs   Total jobs created   Repub-24 Million  Dem-42 Million   Stock market return   Repub-109%  Dem-992%   Gdp  Repub-2.7%  Dem-4.1%   Income growth  Rep-0.6%  Dem-2.2%   (source politico, bloomberg, Usdl) 
 	Hey, cunt - I hope you choke on the shit you spew! 
 I’ve mentioned before that I do not like Cortez’s face. I posited that this was due to her extremely rigid facial muscles when she smiles, and then about how her expressions rival a contortionist’s act in a cheap traveling circus. But those reasons never explained my misgivings. Something was bothering me, something major, something sinister. And then, it hit me like a brick through the window of a Jewish deli: Cortez looks exactly like Satan. 
 	Hookers acquire these facial muscles from sucking nigger dick 
 I only drink - Liberal's tears 
 	I hope that you boil them first. maybe add some chlorine? 
 		figurative.except Taylor Swift's.I bet her's are still sweet, even if she is a misguided little retarded girl  
 Cory Booker Says It Doesn’t Matter If Judge Kavanaugh Is ‘Innocent Or Guilty’      
 	Can this cunt be removed from his position?  
 You can't escape it . 
 	Gotta have a nigger in there. The girl looks half chong. 
 Appalling Tim Kaine:   
 	Of course Kaine whines about "travel ban".   He is rented by the Muslim Brotherhood along with Corey Booker and Gilibrand, the crazy cunt from New York.       
 When the People   wake up inspite of the Sugar, Flouride, Propaganda, and Drugs why not add Lithium to the Water        Stay awake Deplorables and avoid the  
 	Mind Control? 
 		Why not just go directly to the "chew on Duracell batteries" part, I'm sure that someone is clinically insane enough to think that would be a good way to get lithium into your system. The worst part of the joke is that someone will take it as fact, I await the first retard to choke to death on batteries cause of lack of critical thinking. 
 Donald J. Trump Retweeted   FloridaNationalGuard     is here, but so are we. Stay safe, Florida.      9:34 am - 10 Oct 2018 
 	Just watch out for those nigger looters and rioters. They are more dangerous than the hurricane itself.    
 Lying Cunt Bitch ! 
 Did you know the Prophet Muhammad is Donald Trump's biggest inspiration?   51:48   And We have spread out the spacious  earth: How excellently We do spread out!    
 	How much Lsd is to much.Even I am having a problem reading your posts.Slow down relax and stop making a fool out of yourself.In America speak English. 
 		Look at this ignorant Nigger can't even spell . Mute Him And Report For Spam . 
 After Demanding Fbi Investigation For Weeks, Feinstein Refuses To Accept The Results! The DemonRats are so fake and hypocritical. Fbi interviewed all Ford’s witnesses, all deny her claim- Boom!   Time to Confim Kavanaugh Now! 
 	And leading the protests are niggers with unmanageable afros or fake ass horse hair. Blacks are poison.  Hispanics are poison.  Nigger lovers and mudsharks are poison.   
 Brett Kavanaugh was  involved in a deadly assault by throw ice cubes. lock him up!    We don’t need no serial ice cubist  walking the streets .   He was no choir boy he was a frat boy and I have the proof.    
 	Wow ! He tossed ice at a guy in a bar fight.   Well that settles it . Ban Ice ( shhh dont tell anyone they can throw bar stools )    Then we move to jail the bar owner for facilitating the use of ice in a crime at the same time denouncing mother nature for her allowing the recipe to be stolen !    What absolute fkn idiocy ! 
 			Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 				Dats Coco Jambo, Honkey!  
 				Dats Coco Jambo, Honkey!  
 >Liberalist   Faggot Sarg'nite confirmed. 
 ***Major Happening***  They Are Really Going For It  They Are Saying It Now  This Is What It Is About  This Is What They Are Attacking  ***Major Happening***   
 	Piss off. 
 		Shut up and bend over cunt 
 	I am bleach 
 	I am bleach 
 I doubt the DEMonic skeleton is cornering her for her lunch money? 
 	Snapshot at a dyke bar? 
 Macron. France's President.   Free mason. Look at the result. 
 	Pédé! .means faggot in French btw 
  one day you fantasise about holidays in Portugal the next you realise you're a smackhead prostitute with a diseased cunt in a pile of shit council flat 
 I don't understand why the  community likes to add so many fucking letters to their  damn name. Isn't that shit long enough already? Like let's get real you either   or . Either got a cock or a cunt so until people are walking around with alien parts you got 3 options.  
 this crazy cunt was preparing her whole life for this moment in the sun to unload her Big Lie on the world. 
 this crazy cunt was preparing her whole life for this moment in the sun to unload her Big Lie on the world. 
 I wish President Trump would sent this motherfucking no good bastard to gitmo!  America is absolutely crazy if we use his machines he fixes them every year! 
 	Put that cunt out of his misery!  
  
 	God is not one-eyed. The one eye symbol is for Lucifer. That's why it's on the dollar bill.  
 		Take Odin's dick out your faggot Pagan ass first! He might get jealous! 
 mentally retarded liberals are brain dead animals.  
  
 	Someone give that mental bint a hard slap! 
 	Someone give that mental bint a hard slap! 
  
 	how did this Idiot get elected in the 1st place? 
 		Something in the water in dirty Jersey. I mean have you ever been to New Jersey. The place fucking smells. That and there are a few nuclear power plants scattered about. New Jersey is Literally Toxic. My apologies to anyone who lives in New Jersey, but you know what I'm saying. 
 			Yeah.  The water is toxic.  Do the opposite of what boomers tell you.  Filter your water.    Only the most retarded people among us are unable to research the history of drugging water supplies.   Ie, boomers.   
 Hahahahahahahaha!  What A Little Snitch!  Crybaby Ass Motherfucking Tattle Tale Bitch Made Faggot Ass Cock Sucking Snitch Bitch! 
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 		Why does Cantwell have to talk about Jewish stuff all the time? Why does Patrick Little talk about white nationalist stuff all the time? Why does Alex Jones talk about conspiracy theories all the time? 
 		Are you a power bottom? 
 		To answer you: idk. It’s kinda cool to talk about whatever I want on here. That’s what makes Gab cool, right? 
 		Why would you ask that?  
 		Why would you ask that?  
 Sara A. CarterVerified account  3h3 hours agoMore  Booker: Withdraw Kavanaugh’s Nomination ‘Whether He’s Innocent or Guilty’   (Booker is a loon-A-Tic ) !    
 	Who could give a shit what this nigger in a suite says or thinks.stop giving the bastard free ink. 
 		Curb stomp 
 		 
 		 
 Former Canadian Pm Harper Doesn’t Fear Trump, But Bernie Sanders And ‘Extremist’ Dems    
 	Hillary and Soros helped to defeat Harper in favor of the retarded asshole, Justin Trudeau. 
 The price of being a  for the     
 	jimbo looks like he's enjoying a one on one with jackass joe biden! 
 		You like that shit dont you faggot 
 Beautiful. This is how we make the world a more equal place for all people. Please repost, spread the word of god.  
 		 
 		 
 That's total bullshit! The leaders are extremely anti-Xtian! Why else would they bring in millions of Muslims? Also, the Pope is a total faggot pedo that likes to lecture on "Antisemitism"  
 Couldnt have happened to a nicer Poverty Pimp than Maxine.    Check out ’s Tweet:  
 	And This Nigger Bitch Is Still Walking Around, Someone Please End Her Asap.  
 	And This Nigger Bitch Is Still Walking Around, Someone Please End Her Asap.  
 	And you keep posting the same fucking videos over and over everyday. 
 		you're a kikesucking faggot 
 Maxine Waters responds to mailed bombs: 'I ain’t scared' . She doesn't have enough brain cells to be scared . 
 	step on the gas. there's a nigger in the street 
 		Washington State (Wa) Voting Guide for Dummies for the 2018 General Midterms Elections: Home of Seattle: Vote Trump Alex Jones Kanye West Jim Brown over Michelle Obama Hillary Clinton 2020    
 			Your writing? 
 			Yes 
 		 
 			I know, I know, I was having fun with that one.    .*grins shamelessly* 
 			Thanks for the "straight man" material, it was fun Anthony. 
 			Indeed  
 			Indeed  
 	He was born a double loser.a cocksucker and a nigger.When it comes to hosting he's a lemon 
 I appeared on National Bugle Radio with Dr. Patrick Slattery the other day:    
 	Why not inform us prior to the event? 
 		I need an Irl assistant with me on the road.   I have loads of volunteers, mostly part-time ones,   but I need an Irl executive assistant who is in it for the cause, willing to put in the hours I put in, for little to no money, just food, shelter, a loaner cell phone and unlimited data for it. 
 			Come to Nh and pick me up. I'll drop out of college. 
 				That's the plan, we need to create more white children. Don't forget the 14 words. However, I don't want to be a nigger and leave the mother. That's not who we are. We protect our nation, family, folk, and our ideas.  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	What is Andrew's fascination with blocking? First it was presented as "curating your posts" and now "disassociation" whatever you call it, it has the same function as a block button which Gab swore it would never implement. No matter how many times we tell you we don't want this, it always comes back around. This site is starting to act like every other big tech site.  
 		 This is a long telegraphed move by @a to attract idiotic small time ecelebs like  who can't confront criticisms of their retarded ideas with debate, and must block. 
 		 This is a long telegraphed move by @a to attract idiotic small time ecelebs like  who can't confront criticisms of their retarded ideas with debate, and must block. 
 Obama slams Trump, Republicans while urging Midwest crowds to vote  
 	Obama is a cocaine fueled fag & traitor to our country . . . which isn't his country. Back to muzzie land asshole!  
 Shoe salesman. 
 	raised by White people given everything hates white people = Nigger = Primate 
 The president of France 
 	Cuckold Cunt married a cougar probably looking for a foursome &  the chance to suck More black cock! 
 It just never ends. 
 	Superman wasn't just White; he was also a super genius. That generally rules out the nigger playing the part. What, we are supposed to believe a Black could even construct a modern civilization by himself without White help. Have you seen the niggers trying to feed themselves in Zimbabwe. Keep cooking up politically correct schemes Jews for your pet niggers 
 			aww, little nazi scumbucket Lord Humungus  thinks he can insult? Must be a big satanic pervert with all his sexual dreams and perversions. Only can a little dick like you pretend to be tough online. Yawn, just another nazi homo pedophile  
 	 
 		Nope. You're a retard and don't know what I'm talking about. 
 Riemann was like a retarded baby seal that stuck its tongue out on the Antarctic ice glaciers walls sanz  
 The same cunt who in the next breath will whine about gun control. Completely worthless human being.   
 Islamist cunt Anjem Choudary to be released next week    
  
 	Never again will I watch a  game! Same goes for , never again will I let them make one penny from me !   Yes Barry, you did that! You & the      always destroying, never creating anything but trouble!   What did you do with the hotdogs at the Wh Barry? We remember, you treasonous !    ! 
 		I looked the other day, everything on Netflix is all African American, Australian, British, or anything else requiring subtitles. Sorry you idiots, the last thing I want to do at the end of the night, is read sub titles. Everything Obama touches he ruins. It's deliberate by Soros.  
 			it's all nigger fantasies and Wakanda type Bullshit! not real. 
 Not only do they not say a peep about these niggers but they and their children worship them. They love their sportsball and their nigger "musicians" .  
 Hulu deleted this tweet after becoming the focus of countless jokes and being mocked for several hours straight.   Even companies are willing to backdown from Sjw talking points if the heat gets too hot. 
 	 Chinaman kicks black islam ass. 
 I would torture that cunt with a blow-torch and a pair of pliers.satanic bastards 
 New Q 3!               
 	Qlarp doesn’t do shit except make retarded posts that people Who can’t use the internet jack off to.  
 SadOik just another loonyLeft Liar    
 	who cares what a faggot muslim satan worshiper says or thinks. 
  Boycott The Notamerican Felon League  
 	Only niggers and nigger lovers still watch the nigger felon league.  
 So, it looks like the Scum Bag, faggot liberals are winning again! Good bye American Patriots!  liberalism will destroy our country and all we will do is sit back and let it happen! Peace out . 
 Then you must be a dim witted gullible and completely devoid of compassion for other human beings. Your subscription will also be used to fuel Paul’s cocaine habit . 
 	Interesting remark. You know Paul has a habit then? You must be a fecking dealer then! I know Paul and he never takes drugs. 
 		They both are you dick head, its well known. Anyway how is the old sexual assaulter, when's the cunt back in court ?  
 		They both are you dick head, its well known. Anyway how is the old sexual assaulter, when's the cunt back in court ?  
 November midterms should be considered a critical point in the war of good vs evil. It determines whether we continue to watch America prosper or digress to the past decades of liberal destruction. Your commander is counting on your vote. Vote Republican. |  
 	Do you realize how fucking retarded you sound? In a war of good vs. evil you are going to leave victory or defeat up to a vote? So dumb. So so dumb.  
 you a fucking pig jew faggot kike jew loving sandnigger kike faggot jew loving idiot 
 Photo: Caravan Protesters Paint Swastika on American Flag, Burn It in the Street   
 	Potus signed Deployment Orders for the 82nd Airborne Division of the United States Army, instructing them to deploy from Ft. Bragg, Nc, to the U.S. southern border at Mexico. They are using force and it is now highly likely that Us military force will be used against them if they try those same tactics at the Us Border 
 		We will see.  Right now I have lost hope that Trump will put teeth in it.  It will Have to be by executive order or a faggot judge will block him and he will back down like a pussy. 
 The toll is higher for some than for others. 
 		Girl takes a thousand Asian dicks, no problem. Girl takes a thousand Latino dicks, no problem. Girl takes a thousand White dicks, no problem. Girl takes One nigger dick, she's fucking worthless. 
  is this you, will broadcast on twat 
 He is one of The Best in    By day, he rules in favor of    By night, he is throwing    Days filled with disappointing #9thCircuit   Nights filled with action & great    You thought  protests would stop him?   Say hello 2        
 	Lemon.the faggot maggot with an ego the size of jupiter  Avanti.the whore schrew with herpes and syphilis making him a slimecunt  Soros.the murderous jew prick who is without a doubt As evil as satan himself  The trifecta of sin 
 And here it is folks what studies find. sigh 
 	very intelligent, you dumb ass nigger 
 	All cities are, Zog gulag 
 	 You don't even know what you are talking about boy. Go bully your mummy and drink some titty milk.  
 	Now you Listen Here Son, The only reason I'm your Father is because I jumped the queue at the brothel. Show some repect for your Father or I'll tan your hide and give you two thick ears! 
 	 , Sounds like the Kingpin in an 'Asian' grooming rape jihadi gang to me! 
 	 , Sounds like the Kingpin in an 'Asian' grooming rape jihadi gang to me! 
 "white womyn must divorce themselves completely from white men" 
 	So which banana tree did this Nigger Chimp fall out of.  
 The Film The Left Tried To Abort   After a mighty struggle, the film, Gosnell: The Trial of America’s Biggest Serial Killer, finally opened in movie theaters nationwide on Oct. 12.   Like the effort to prosecute a real-life monster, Dr. Kermit Gosnell, the effort to make the movie was hindered at every turn because the Left studiously avoids doing anything that might call into question abortion on demand, its holiest of sacraments. Indeed, support for unrestricted access to abortion unites the entire Left, from labor unions to Alinskyite community organizations to environmentalist groups to race-baiting legal defense funds.    
 		Gosnell mostly took out non whites right? 
 		Gosnell mostly took out non whites right? 
 	I believe the Japanese and Chinese would disagree with you, the Persians had a vast Empire at one time, and were the Mayans taken down by Jews? You're so precious, child 
 		I am not a racist.  I am a liberal white male so obviously it is impossbile for me to be racist.  All Jews and Democrats are Blatantly Racist and Sexist Pigs!  But they are retarded and cannot actually understand what a Fact Is!  This is a real problem since they are all programmed monkey brains.  The masses do not need FactS to believe anything anymore, so they can be programmed with complete lies like we all started out Black. If we did, then exactly how did we get white then? When a interacial couple produce a kid, the kid is no longer white.  They can get blacker, but the white is gone. It is not the other way around.  So your theory is the opposite of the truth. But that takes common sense which is not so common. 
 	Another moron that knows nothing about dogs 
 		butthurt nigger pit bull owner detected 
 They Never stop encouraging  to refrain from having .         
 		no,I was talking about your Mama.and probably your little sister too!  bwa haa ha 
 		no,I was talking about your Mama.and probably your little sister too!  bwa haa ha 
       Lynched nigger Frankenstein decorations all the rage this Halloween.    
 It is coming to a political climax. May Must be unseated.    
 	Just look at M. Gove - The twat 
  
 	Go for it nigger lover. Hell, I would let you borrow my gun if I could watch. 
 	Ha .I recognize the one in front .Valerie Jarrett! 
 	Europe is becoming a massive urban zoo  
 	Europe is becoming a massive urban zoo  
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 Southern born ,southern for life . No one retires and moves north .  
 	Southern Ken redneckninbred sister fucking retard is what you are. Bye bye monument. You guys lost the war and you just keep on losing.  
 That sounds like crying, which of course makes me laugh.  The bad girlfriend lash back is really you.  Are you still getting your Beverly Hillbilly Van plan together to go join the other Covington Cultists?  That's a lot of being right all the time. 
 That sounds like crying, which of course makes me laugh.  The bad girlfriend lash back is really you.  Are you still getting your Beverly Hillbilly Van plan together to go join the other Covington Cultists?  That's a lot of being right all the time. 
 David Cameron demanded we believed Islam is a religion of peace. I hate that cunt  
 David Cameron demanded we believed Islam is a religion of peace. I hate that cunt  
 Dead Cunt 
 Dead Cunt 
 	  Your link isn't working. I found it here, looks to be the same, but the stupid cunt never let go of the flag, not arrested yet.    
 Another 'expatriate' from Twitter, tho I still use the little blue bird, as I avoid going too hardcore there. I'm Bruno from Portugal, 31 years old, homosexual (not a militant / activist / degenerate of the dozens). I'm new to Gab and I'm enjoying it so far. Especially the free speech. 
 		Lmao! Thanks for the mute, hater! ;) 
 		Lmao! Thanks for the mute, hater! ;) 
 		maybe you should try hunting me down 
 		maybe you should try hunting me down 
 	 
 	Thousands of people banned off Facebook, Twitter, each day. Are you talking about that? 
 	Can't wait to see his next election!  They're so blindly sure that they have right think and everyone must agree that they bull along alienating even their own base, driving them into our arms. 
 	I hope nothing terrible ends up happening there. But, if this shit, and lack of law continues there, something huge will happen. Someone will die in a riot or something. Sadly, you know, the right will be solely blamed for it.  
 	I hope nothing terrible ends up happening there. But, if this shit, and lack of law continues there, something huge will happen. Someone will die in a riot or something. Sadly, you know, the right will be solely blamed for it.  
 The left cunt meme- Npc 
 Boycott Nfl Nonamerican Felon League 
 	Yep, We still  in my house! 
 		Doesn't Nfl stand for "National Faggot League".Ever since they started Hiring Male Cheer Leaders. 
 Renova Mídia   Bolsonaro 60,9% vs Haddad 39,1%, diz pesquisa Crusoé    
 		You're probably not welcome anywhere b* die alone 
 		You're probably not welcome anywhere b* die alone 
 Let's send a whole bunch like them to the border!   I would sleep like a baby. 
 	Muslims Are Afraid Of Dogs, Hate Them In Fact.  So We Nee A Million TRAInED Muslim EATInG Dogs.  Time For Dogs To Settle The Score With TheIR Sand Nigger Opponents 
 Tom Arnold is calling for President Donald Trump to be beheaded.   The Left's calls for violence has gone on too long.   This is terrorism  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Smfh                            #1A #2A        #Qanon8Chan     #PatriotsFight   #Q  #TrumpTrain  #WeThePeopleHaveHadEnough  #TheFallOfTheCabal       #NoSanctuaryFunding  #NoVisaLottery   #NoOpenBorders  
 	Speaking ss a senior citizen, I’m wondering if it’s time for his cognitive function test.   
 		Does this twat think he is some one? 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 These are the people who think they’re going to be fighting in a revolution. 
 	He doesn't look like a faggot to needs to get his ass kicked, no 
 		goodnight Punished Arcade Gamer Pan Am-Chan 
 		goodnight Punished Arcade Gamer Pan Am-Chan 
 If you have a paypal account, now would be a good time to close it. 
 		Fuck off twat  
 Let's give credit to Kavanaugh's based wife who stood by him and held his hand and pulled him through this mess.     
 	"Based wife"?  If a wife won't stand by you while a retard is making up stories that have no evidence about rape trains, then you're better off having her leave you.  There's nothing "based" about this. 
 A bit more like it! 
 	Is the cunt in the middle still running around on the floor the satanic cunt please please god have it killed and his witch wife to 
  
 	No fuxs given. Won't Die on Nigger Hill . Idiot Cucks.  
 Here he is taking the piss out of a Light Heavyweight Kickboxing World Champion. Are you going to go and sort him out too coward  ? lol 
 	Are you really do scared that you need to beg for help from Gab users? You show cowardice throughout your life. 
 		Beg for help? I simply showing everyone what a thick Marxist twat you are. Do you have a problem with that or something? You only have less than 200 followers so it's a bit hard for you to show everyone yourself. You should be thanking me :) 
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				sandnigger's made up the camel jockey fucking abrahamic Bullshit Not White Europeans ok ,fucking half ape niggers did ,Why The Fuck would you Shame us White Folk with nasty vile desert dwelling sand nigger shit Why ? 
 South African Tv: Most programmes on Sabc 1, 2 and 3 focus on Africans, their struggle during Apartheid and how ''bad'' white people are. Tv series: Most have black main characters. Other programmes have a few white characters/actors and another % of colored and African actors(e.g. in 7de Laan) below: 
 	Nbc nigger broadcast corporation 
 If you can’t laugh at a steroid-abusing nutcase Florida Man Native American (Hispanic (Filipino)) occultist male stripper who makes fake bombs and lives in a white van covered all in memes   Well, gosh darn it, who Can you laugh at?    
 	I'm hoping that tomorrow's episode will have an attention-whoring brother who loves talking to the media nonstop, while laughing inappropriately and bragging about all the comps/free sushi he gets thanks to his brother. 
 			Least attractive male stripper I've ever seen! 
 				Years of cocaine & semen. 
 			My diagnosis precisely  His mug looks like he was picked up in the bushes @ roadside bathroom. 
 				Was he not? 
 					Riddle me this gab.  How do you have Twenty Charges spanning decades, many mugshots (like this one) and still only ever serve 1 year probation even after violating it?  Fbi  
 						I'll take "Deep State Assets" for a thousand Alex. 
 						So many holes 
 						So many holes 
 my son is het and played football.fuck off faggot sport bitchboy. 
 His name was Brandon Arndt. He helped his black elderly neighbor only to be killed for his good deeds. Perhaps no one ever gave him this sage advice, avoid the groid.    
 	"tragic misunderstanding"  shit like is this why i'm pro Nigger execution squads  whatever the judge has planned for these Vermin is too kind considering they get to live   fucking niggers should be lynched and burned alongside their sheboon grandma  disgusting vermin.  
 We were not polite with the British when we wanted their boots off our necks, we shot them. The left wants us dead, they make no bones about. Only a retard would complain about how they are stopped.  
 ooooo shit      heres the twat with some sauce on it.    
 	Traitors get the first bullet. 
 		To the throat. 
 	Irony here too is that a Wolf in Sheeps clothing was literally the coat of arms chosen by the Fabian Socialists in England. Many Aussie politicians are members. 
 	A ziochristian 
 	As a True Christian, I have to wonder, if he is trying to educate us on spiritism wouldn't he quote scripture?   
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Make Ids free to anyone that can't afford it. End that lie/excuse right now.   You can go to any hood and offer $10 cash to anyone that can show you a valid Id. There would be lines around the block with the exact same muds with valid check cashing Ids. They have them if they need them.   
 	Make Ids free to anyone that can't afford it. End that lie/excuse right now.   You can go to any hood and offer $10 cash to anyone that can show you a valid Id. There would be lines around the block with the exact same muds with valid check cashing Ids. They have them if they need them.   
 	Why is he calling you a ball of processed spiced meat and gravy that is what a faggot is some so called centiant algorithms are quiet strange 
 Breaking: Rod Rosenstein Refuses to Turn Over Subpoenaed Memos :   Maybe he doesn't have them? Maybe he wiped them with a cloth?                                                                                                 @studentoflife                    
 	it's more of a "you're going to hang me anyways so I'm going down in flames for the history books"  
 		There is so much more to this case. Seriously, this guy's story is a catalyst to a lot of crap, and of course they aren't telling us the truth. This isn't the same thing as retard Reality Winner. There is much more that needs to be unraveled. 
 You are such a faggot Ainsley nigga. Sc prime! 
 MartyGraw deactivated, fellas  Milton Friedman (do I even need the triple parentheses?) confirmed socialist faggot and B T F O for all eternity  You already know what the fuck it is   Again, shoutout to my man  for making that Milton Friedman Pepe like 2 years ago, what the fuck were we thinking lmbo      
 Lol.Lindsey Graham is On Fire !   Ty-minnman47 
 	don't get me wrong I need to signal that I'm right of that faggot but damn that's fucking funny  
 Caravan of 3rd world invaders now at 7000 strong!   If our Gov't does not stop this, you and I have to.   Prepare yourselves - those who would stand & fight to defend our freedoms.   The time draws near.    
 	Just go have another beer.  That's why we have Bp and Ice. No reason to go to prison for following an idiot and killing people. 
 		Eat dick faggot - stay home with the  and   - Let the Real Men handle your freedoms for you - fuckin pussy! Lol! Move your weak ass to mexico. 
 We should not be spending any funds on Climate Change funds like the Green Climate Fund. A complete waste of taxpayer money.   - Fraser Anning           
 	When did the West have so many faggot men? I feel lied to. The wild west, the civil war, were they fought with a bunch of smirking faggots too? 
 I did not want to hurt him. My intention was for people to stop hurting me.  
 	She thought it looked like a mushroom  because her cunt is like a deep dank moist cave where mushrooms normally grow! 
 	She thought it looked like a mushroom  because her cunt is like a deep dank moist cave where mushrooms normally grow! 
  
 	Why no, Bill Clinton used that Flag during his campaigning? 
 		 Fuck Nigger Bill! He Never Was a Southerner! 
 Very new here and this is my first post. 
 		Fuck off cuck. Actually read the bible, instead of memorizing one or two Jewish propogandised quotes taken out of context.   Go and suck Jewish cock. Cunt   
 				Oh , my brother is actually a Rinzai Zen Buddhist, and I took a class on Neo-Buddhism in the west compared to traditional Buddhism in East-Asia . But if I wasn't familiar with the term why would going to Google to be able to better understand you be an issue? 
 					not really reading your replies rn, I'm sure you understand 
 						Oh okay . I hope you change your mind later and read them. Anyways I hope you have a great rest of your day or if it's night a good full night's worth of sleep!  
 											  - No woman with one shred of dignity and self-respect would ever allow a "bi"-fag's junk into her bedroom. If he hasn't revealed his perversion to her- then he's got to be shot immediately- preferably by her father. 
 Wow just wow. New low     
 		(((White people))) 
 			(((Everything))) 
 				"Everything" didn't help Whoopi Goldberg get to where she is any more than actual white people. (((They))), however, played an overly represented role in that feat. Am I wrong? 
 					Have I missed out on the achievements & inventions by Black people that have changed the world?'please update me. 
 								I think I made it imminently fucking clear.  White people didn't do shit to put that nigger Jew where she is today.  You can thank an overly represented number of Jews for putting Goldberg where she is today. You don't need to go back to the invention of Tv, film, or electricity to explain how a nigger Jew was put in the position of making her absurd Jew minded opinings on the View. White people, my ass.   ". but alas ." Holy shit, you are a fag. 
 If we could only mute all celebrities. 
 			But I'd protect them from a nigger so. 
 No pizza for you! What a shame that these public bodies attract so many people who find it impossible to mind their own business.    
 	Right  so when I've been out grafting all day and burned about 3000 calories I get told I can only have a government approved pizza with nothing on it because some fat cunt who can't be arsed to move all day is errr. fat and need their help shedding twenty stone. Thanks, but that's the lard arse' problem not mine so don't involve me. 
 'A woman accused of trying to aid terrorist organizations through Alabama is being held in the Lucas County Jail.' She was trying to help Al-Qaida. You know you've got to be messed up in the head if you're female & help an organization that condones rape & thinks women are 2nd class.   Local Abc affiliate->  
 		Startling that an inbred, low Iq third world retard shares so much in common with the interbred, inflated Iq retards graduating from American colleges financed by federal money. 
 	Only thing worse than a nigger is a nigger lover 
 tommy robinson   come on support gab   if you want to be heard you can use your media power 
 	Fuk That Retarded Looking Zio-Dickhead Let Him Bathe In The Glare Of Common Media 
 If I could choose whether to take a big shit or to spend the day with retarded Kanya West . 
 Orlando mass shooter: Twitter account  Las Vegas shooter: Facebook account    nothing happened.    Pittsburgh shooter: Gab account    Oy Vey GOyUM Shut It Down, Dis Is Annudda Shoah! 
 		Liberal left like Madcow Calls Trump Hitler?  Hitler -> who was for  Dictators , Gun Control, Socialized Medicine, Big Government, Hated Jews, No Freedom Of Speech ? Omg Sounds Like The The Violent Left !      
 		Nice Try Libs ! Trump Far From Being Nazi ! He'S For Protecting Rights For Our Citizens - Not Take THeM ! Not A Globalist Like Bush Or Obama.  Nazi stood for National Socialist German Workers' Party)Socialism=Nazi Ideology Nazi On YOur Side .Trump Has Jewish Members In His Family !    
 		Nice Try Libs ! Trump Far From Being Nazi ! He'S For Protecting Rights For Our Citizens - Not Take THeM ! Not A Globalist Like Bush Or Obama.  Nazi stood for National Socialist German Workers' Party)Socialism=Nazi Ideology Nazi On YOur Side .Trump Has Jewish Members In His Family !    
 If you're offended by the word faggot or nigger, you're probably an Sjw. 
 		You’re a retard then. Full on retard too. Walls have Never In The History Of The World Stopped ANYTHInG. ummm,.gee to Giant oceans on each side?  and cheap foreign labor makes EVERYTHInG You Own Affordable. You wouldn’t have shit if it want for them. But trumpsters are retards- useless pieces of shit. 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 		So, you’re really this stupid?  Lmfao!  I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 					Yes, I get it!  Your mother and sister and daughter are the same.  I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad.  Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 																"Oy Vey, you goyim are so dumb.  Why don't you be conservative and follow a nigger fucking gay Jew like me?"  Hello Jidf.  How's the weather in Tel-Aviv?  
 Wholesome life lesson from a redneck     
 There's 2 out of 7 churches in the Book of Revelation that did not receive rebuke from Christ and it wasn't because they had 18 kids and counting,  it was because they taught who the synagogue of Satan is!    
 	Stop your prattling. The Core Issue The Root Cause Of all your problems is that you and people of your generation did not have anywhere near enough children let alone Smart children, to propagate the race. You Fucked Up. You Should Have Listened To The Catholic Church But no, you wanted free stuff and abortions and divorce. You reap what you sew. 
 		You’re a Nazi socialist retard who didn’t fulfill her God-given duty to have many children and now wants to blame muh Jews for her deriliction of duty. And you are saying nothing new. 
 Oy Vey - they couldn't get the flying junk out because it wouldn't fly.    
 		I mean if any frigging branch of the Us military could, you know fly extra personnel and parts to a base inside the UsA, maybe.you know to keep the frigging half $Billion dollar stealth fighters from becoming scrap.working night and day for a week they could have gotten the planes to safety. Air-Tards 
  
 	Soros owned paid this guy for 8 yrs.Mohammedan obama was globalist Soros’s nigger slave.How did Mohammedan obama leave office with 20 or is it 30 million dollars.Soros plan of dividing destabilizing America was Mohammedan Obama’s 8 yr agenda. 
         @2sense                    
 	I believe Bill and support his efforts to have this rabid dog fired. The moron that sent this email should be sued for slander and the attacker should be jailed for assault and lose his job. 
 		I've taken a screen shot of your comment. You called an African American man a "rabid dog". I am emailing this to that company and proving to them that Bill and his friends are literal neo-nazis.  
 			Macintosh you're a cunt calling everybody on Gab racists.  I bet you're the guy that abused the disabled man. 
 Retard Alert 
  
 		All that studying, getting straight A's and she still can't figure out what a nigger is. Maybe in her last moments after getting raped as the rock came crashing down on her skull, maybe she figure it out? 
 	Fucking Vile Cunt ! 
 "thank God it doesn't have AIDs yet. how much longer do i have to do this?" 
 	Why do we whites always have to pose with nigger babies like it's some kind of popularity contest? Have you ever seen African leaders picking up white kids to win voter approval? Nope Never, because they don't give a fuck about white people. We need to return the favor. 
 What a funny little nigger 
 Nikki Haley.   - Supported attacking the people who are fighting Isis in Syria.   - Bolstered the fake "Russian election meddling" narrative.   - Told young conservatives to stop fighting the culture war & act like Never Trump losers instead.   Good riddance.    
 	she is also a practicing Sikh, And Methodist. She uses Nikki and sounds American. But her Real name is some muzzie sounding shit. but a Paki.her family is interesting to dig on, too. 
 Haha, she is a hero. Don’t forget that  
 	I know agreed, i love that fucking cunt 
 	I know agreed, i love that fucking cunt 
 Bull-fucking-shit! 
 	Nicholas Giampa Atomwaffen Aspie Romeo killed Juliet's parents   Samuel Woodward Atomwaffen Aspie 20 killed gay lover to keep it secret.   Did you find that photo of Dylann Roof's watch yet?   Notice anything about his watch?   Don't photos make storytime more fun? 
 		Causation =/= correlllation 
 			Sure, not Every Aspie gets out of Mommy's basement and away from the supply of Hot Pockets on Demand to go shoot up unarmed teens or little kids.   But not Every Psychopath does either!   Causation not equal correlation fits Psychopaths also.   Do you have a more robust argument?   What are Your comorbidities?   You can "stim", flap your hands. 
 				Well done admitting how flawed your argument is!  Now you're getting muted! 
 					Audrey    Your very claim that me saying  "not every psychopath actually kills either!" is a "win" for you is autistic reasoning.   Neurotypical people don't want to get anywhere near a psychopath, whether they actually kill or not.   Your lack of common sense gave you away! 
 						Retard alert eceryone! 
 File this under -- Stfu Nigger -- No more badgering. I had to check my calendar and my location to know that this happened in 2018, Andrews said.   ttps://www.foxnews.com/us/iowa-teacher-accused-of-wearing-blackface-at-halloween-party-naacp-leader-says 
 Leftists mobs are out of control and Democrat leadership does nothing but encourage their lawlessness and violence.     
 	What republican women in ny  that commie cunt governor told yall gtfo 
 	Bigly 
 	June, bout time. 
 	Aw come on.don't be so hard on the Beaver.oops.that sounded a bit naughty too.sorry. 
 		Too funny when i saw it as a kid I thought June (Bb) was matronly.now I think she is smokin' hot.what a difference a few decades make huh? 
 		she was hot though.i just picked on her b/c she was his teacher 
 		she was hot though.i just picked on her b/c she was his teacher 
 Lets all be clear, Lying Ford has not one shread of proof and I will never believe her. She is lying cunt and needs to get the f$;& outbid this country. I’m fact I want her to be investigated for lying to officials and have the Fbi investigate her 
 The Whore of Babylon (6 of 6)    
 	the pope is a dope and an argentine communist. fuck the faggot pope 
 Well then theres you a walking talking pile of fecal matter. another faggot blaming others for their problems. go kill yourself victim. 
 Will be interesting to see what happens in Florida election. I originally thought the Puerto-ricans infect the election really forgot about all the little brainwashed retarded munchkins threatening to turn the state upside down. Sadly, Florida May Be Going From Sinkholes To Shithole. 
 	All Jews and Democrats are filthy despicable Racist Sexist Pigs!  But obviously they are so brainwashed Retarded they don't realize what morally degenerate scum they are! 
     Dedicated to my new best snowflake Npc buddy     Another Oz Rock classic   Men At Work - Down Under    
 	kangaroo fucking faggot hippy cunt 
 1,2,3,4,=Sand niggers fuck em (((All))) And 4,is not Aryan at All ,A mixed sand nigger with a white is not Aryan they are mutt's And most of all  
 Rt :    Alyssa Milano Confirms Fbi Investigators Have Not Reached Out To Her To Get A Celebrity's Opinion On Kavanaugh Yet    
 	Fbi: Ok guys we're about done here but we better check with a dumb ass leftist celebrity cunt before we end our investigation.   Hahahahahahaha! 
 You and your faggot Cruz can go sucky sucky like you did in '15 you stupid fuck, lol. 
 Its not a problem, because  1) He's an African American Nigger   2) He's a Democrat 
  
 	Go fuck your retarded mother and stfu. 
 America must fall. Hopefully Trump gets Kennedy'd, that would be the most helpful thing he could ever do. Second thing would be losing. 
 			that still doesn't take away from the fact you are a fucking faggot of the highest order for all the world to see.ha ha ha b 
  
 	What assholes. Faceplant is a huge cesspool of retarded Bolsheviks. 
 His Name is Joshua Kidd: White Air Force Tech Sgt. Murdered by Black Burglar Near Shreveport, Louisiana   
 	you mean nigger burglar 
 The fate of the HB8. End of the line for the HB9. Diversity + Proximity = War. #D+P=W         @3DAngelique 
 	This doesn't surprise me at all. She fucked up in the very beginning she was driving around with a nig. Living in a nigger country. She was asking for it. 
 They aren't remotely funny.    The retarded crap my kid watches of idiots making fun of themselves playing video games is funnier, and it's worse than watching paint dry.  
 Arrested: Man Who Roundhouse Kicked a female Pro-Life Leader arrested and Detained.      
 	faggot  
   
 	Not really. The wall won’t be built either way. No matter what either side says, they know we need immigration. Only stupid people think we don’t. 
 		We don't need poverty-stricken,  illiterate,  uneducated,  unskilled,  non-English speaking,  illegal,  criminal breeders who come here to soak up social services meant for legal citizens.    The Wall is being built.  This Fact has been pointed out to you on several occasions by several Gabbers.  It will be finished because we have a President who keeps his promises in spite of the lawless,  moral,  Democrat degenerates he has to continually battle in Congress.  
 			It will never be finished. They tell you anything to pacify your stupid shallow minds, but the reality is that without immigrants, you’re American companies will move production out of the Usa. Trump is economically ignorant. So are you.    
 					Obviously you aren’t familiar with history or economics. 
 					Obviously you aren’t familiar with history or economics. 
 Any of you jack-holes on Gab that are friends with the shooter, please let him know he fucked up things for everyone due to his actions. Tell the retard for me, that I hope someone offs him in prison and saves us from him sitting on death row for his entire life. 
 	In my experience, some women are devious as hell.  If we're supposed to be equal with men, then why are we treated differently? 
 		Gender is a part time construct depending on which gender is doing the constructing! 
 		I think men are going to need to start keeping yourselves away from sex, and starve these sluts. All these school girls making false allegations against boys is very distressing.  I have nephews in High school. Piss a girl off and your life is ruined with a false allegation. 
 			This is why I think we need to protect both our young men and women by reinstating the age old tradition of chaperoning. 
 				It's more complicated than that.  This is about race.  They are targeting only white malee to keep us from breeding. This is a demographics battle. Less white males means more socialism 
 					Well, neither of my teenage girls are even contemplating dating at this time but both have conceded to chaperon dating when they do.  Imagine some shitlib coming out to ask them on a date and they say yes, but they have to check their parents schedule first.  Will definitely keep predators and exploiters away! 
 					Chaperone means that dads gotta become a bit more hip.  3 hours on a date doing boring ass teenage stuff. Better you than me 
 	It used to be that having honor and integrity was just as much virtuous as keeping oneself pure until after marriage but now these days they would rather people believe those selling themselves than they would have us belief those with virtuous characteristics.  
 Jordan Peterson: Kavanaugh Should Step Down from Supreme Court to ‘Have His Name Cleared’    
 	Jordan Peterson should Stfu and keep his Canadian ass out of our politics. He should stick to writing about the worldwide issue of marxist commie postmodernism. 
 		Then get lost from Canadian politics, redneck 
 Perhaps I could put a finer point on this. I shouldn't call people shills for a mere viewpoint, but anyone calling me a shill should be viewed with a great deal of suspicion. I'm the most accountable guy in the movement. In any movement, for that matter.   I take calls from the public, live on the air, and the frequent pranks and shitty calls should make it obvious that I'm not filtering for content. Despite my vocal dissatisfaction with Gab's lack of a block feature, I still use this as my primary social media platform, and lots of people who I muted forever ago still use my comments as a place to spread subversion. I rely upon my audience for my very sustenance, and the idea that I am being financed by powerful people is so profoundly ridiculous to anyone who knows anything about me, because living "paycheck to paycheck" would be a huge upgrade in my financial life. I've been banned from all major social media and payment platforms, and in all likelihood I am being ostracized by Mastercard and the highest echelons of the financial system. I put my life and freedom on the line for our cause, suffered tremendously for it, and remained vocally dedicated to our cause throughout all of it.   It's entirely possible that I am completely wrong about everything I say. I've been corrected more times than I could list here. If something I am saying today needs to get added to that list, literally anyone can make the argument against it on My Platform and I will thoughtfully consider their viewpoint and respond honestly.    To impugn my motives in the face of all this is so ridiculous that I must assume the people doing it are either batshit insane or acting with malice. 
 		"Brett Kavanaugh" Ah, yes, he of the patriot act fame. What did he do immediately after getting the job? Hire more affirmative action nigger than anybody else. Clearly a man sympathetic to Wn causes. 
 "The limo company owner, Shahed Hussain, has been located but is currently out of the country, state police said in a news conference Monday afternoon. Three vehicles have been seized in the investigation, and authorities are examining the airbag control module in the crashed limo -- essentially the black box. . "   ?   "Hussain once worked as an Fbi informant after he pleaded guilty to driver license fraud in 2003," the I-Team reported Monday."    
 	Sand nigger limo. Don’t give those people your business. I never go into a convenient store owned by them. Never  
 Sentencing Delayed For Brave White Teenager Who Defended His Racial Kin Against Black Savages At Charlottesville.     and others. Do Not forget our/guys/ left behind! It's important!     
 	If he was some gutter spic or nog he'd be out already. 
 	fuck the left   
 what a cunt    
 Someone here on Gab--can't remember who--told me that Trump very deliberately punctured John McCain's legend, leaving McCain powerless to stop the Republicans from reinventing their party and making it what it should always have been.    Lindsey Graham admitted as much. He told Atlantic Editor-in-Chief Jeffrey Goldberg, "When they write the history of the Senate, John will be in the first paragraph."    To me, the past is the past. McCain is dead. He is an ex-senator. All I care about is the present and the future. Both Graham and Susan Collins are Shining.     That tells me that McCain was far more malevolent than we knew. I have no doubt that he used whatever means necessary to keep the Republicans from actually helping us. Bitter, angry, hate-filled people must always inflict suffering.    Always.    Trump demolished McCain, and then McCain died.    And now we see our senators being the people we'd always hoped they would be.     
 	Graham still supports amnesty for illegals, all 20 million or so. He is the same old faggot we've always known! 
 It’s a sad day but I’m done worth Taylor Swift. And I’m sure it will come as a surprise to her when a huge portion of her fan base does the same.     
 		Sad but true. Done with here too.  
 		Sad but true. Done with here too.  
 Finally Someone Recognized Religious Freedom. Too Bad It Wasn'T In The UNItED States . . . .    
 	What is with these Faggots and Cakes?  If it was not to rub our noses in their perversions, what else could be the reason to ask for a cake with Political messages? Would a Faggot baker (if there is one) be happy to bake a cake that says : 'Homosexuality is Sin'? Uk Supreme Court, a cesspool of left wing cunts, amazed me today. 
 Theresa May given 72 hours to save her job. Finally, the end is near     
 		I like to call her Treason May 
 		this is the biggest scandal ever , makes no sense y we would do this to ourselves , can't imagine if we at war with another planet right now lol what a joke we r , fukin embarrassed for us  
 		She is with the people in the nwo, she is playing. She is not with brexit. If she was, she was proberly threatened to not be with brexit. She is scared person, that's why she easily sided with the people in the nwo. 
 		She is with the people in the nwo, she is playing. She is not with brexit. If she was, she was proberly threatened to not be with brexit. She is scared person, that's why she easily sided with the people in the nwo. 
 I'm rapidly coming to the conclusion that to save the white race, America needs to be nuclearly obliterated. It's the font of all evil in Western civilization and even the majority of supposed 'white nationalists', once you scratch the surface, are total patriotards.   People like  and  and righteous others, can claim asylum with me. 
 	lets try mushroom clouds over israel for world peace first 
 		Let's be honest, it's the same thing. 
 			no, nuking Nyc or san fran would be the same thing, much higher concentrations of jews.   Propaganda is for the masses, get rid of the funding for that and you have world peace.   cut the head off the snake 
 				Well, I've just had a supposed 'white nationalist' tell me that he hopes me and my family get raped by Muslims, (and this is a guy who's apparently a 'gud guy' here on Gab) so I'm feeling that it's actually America and its general national pyschosis of being utter cunts that is the problem, so I'm afraid you all have to go.   Usa: Nice experiment. Didn't work. 
 					it worked until 1965, easily reversible, kill jews deport non-whites liberia2 
 						Well, I would say the 'Usa' was the natural sordid result of the degeneracy which flowed from the Enlightenment. It currently extols and promotes all of the individualism, philosemitism, degeneracy and all-round shitness that encapsulates the era of so-called 'progress' and as a result, needs to be taken out, permanently, if ever whites are to prosper. 
 								No, you've got me all wrong. I just want 'America' and all those who cling to this failed civilizational experiment to die horribley, preferably in some nuclear incident, to get rid of them finally and atomically. Once these vermin are eradicated, Western civilization can have some hope of restarting. Tradtionalism, monarchy, decency, etc. 
 									Start with the nucleus of the problem, drop a nuke on rothschild blvd in israel and massacre and see how things pan out from there 
 									A country whose first immigration policies said the only citizens could be white men of good character? that completely excludes all non-whites, and jews with the last clause 
 									A country whose first immigration policies said the only citizens could be white men of good character? that completely excludes all non-whites, and jews with the last clause 
 Bette is kicked off the plantation. Wait until Candace Owens gets a hold of this 
 	Wait a second! White people can’t even say (literally) the N word anymore? Is it now the word that shall not be named? 
 		Ya, cause she’s an honest credible person deserving of leadership.  She even fucked huge segment of own party last cycle.   Twat 
 Yes, but they are satanists just like the Jews are!  There are psychopath GOYs obviously which they buy to help implement their globalist bullshit! The brainwashed retarded left are all just Npc's for the fitlhy Racist Jews! Are you going to deny that the Racist Hate groups Adl and Splc exist?  
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 2020 Democratic Dream Team    
 	A muzzie and a dead guy walk into a bar. 
 I can honestly say that Sadiq is using Brexit as a means of averting from the violent crime wave throughout the city of London. 
 	More people in London voted for brexit than voted this cunt for mayor 
 Bill is a rapist 
 	 Bill Clinton is not only a rapist. Bill Clinton is a pedophile, adulterer, murderer, fraud, human trafficker "lolita express" "haiti" "africa, con artist, communist, traitor. I know please fill in the blanks.   But Brett Kavanaugh is a gang rapist. And felt up an ugly cunt who is an Cia operative.   
 Britain's Islamic Party/Labour Party drops complaint over Corbyn wreath coverage after email leak ‘compromises’ process:  
 	Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, supporter of Hamas, Hezbollah and Ira terrorists, caught lying about the reason he was laying a wreath at graves of Hamas terrorists - then lies about the reason for dropping a complaint against 6 newspapers who reported on it  You Can'T Trust Labour  You Can'T Trust Corbyn  
 		Fuck off Labour cunt 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 There’s a whole network of them. all linked to 4chan and Pepe accounts. Lmao my sidesssss     
 	The retard is astounding. I couldnt even pick on such pathetic beings 
 New York City Legalizes 'Third' Gender 'X' on Birth Certificates, Mayor Signs Bill   "New York City's First Lady Chirlane McCray also weighed in. "For the first time, all New Yorkers will be able to get a birth certificate that reflects and affirms their lived reality," she said."   .She should have said that this reflects and affirms their mental illness.         
 		His daddies will choose xer gender, biggot. 
 		His daddies will choose xer gender, biggot. 
 Well, well, well. It looks like orangutans over at Abc are regretting their treatment of Roseanne Barr.    
 	It wasn't racist the bitch is Iranian not a nigger and saying somebody looks like a monkey isn't racist but Obama looks a awful lot like Curious George  
  
 	Go be a nigger somewhere else. 
 A 'first minister' being afraid of Steve Bannon even while his presence is on a different date than hers.   So much for   The twat probably got the job for being a woman, not for competence.   
 I have empathy for my fellow human beings, these soulless creatures that manifest themselves as democrats are not human, but are evil incarnate, make plans my brothers and sisters, these vile beings will be, in the very near future, at our door and it is up to us to decide what we are willing to sacrifice to stop the insidious infection they will bring to us 
 	Dj,  Nov. 6th and your day of Truth & Consequences draws nearer by the hour. Those early voters do Not favor your side. Either way the 'vile, evil incarnate beings' are coming to a neighborhood near you soon. Like the Walking Dead, they cannot be stopped at the ballot box. Lock your doors. The Boogey Man , in his black majesty, is coming to  a theater near you soon. ha  
 		Hell no. But I don't believe you. I've butt fucked too many white gals in my lifetime to know that 'once they've had nigger cock, they can never go back to those pencil thin cracker weiners'. haha Whose your daddy-tee? Me that's who. You may hate niggers but deep down you love me. haha 
 Pentagon Intel: Globalists Want Trump Dead By March 2019. Alex breaks down how the Un and Soros control our borders through UnESCO, after Trump canceled UnESCO.     
 	Go for it. George Soros and his family will be dead within days. Then cunt hiLIARy and her family will be next and then the 0bamas. Fuck with the heavily armed and pissed off Americans and see what happens. Kill the families of the globalist bodyguards and then see who is willing to take a bullet for them.  
 It's looking more like a retarded Le 56%  Boomer. 
 Twitter Reportedly Won’t Suspend Louis Farrakhan For Video Post Comparing Jews To Termites   
 	I compare Jews to Niggers, rats, roaches and shit. At least this racist black Nigger is truthful. 
 I Smell A Rat With The Clinton, Obama, Soros, Cnn Explosive Device Story  Styxhexenhammer666     
 	Yeah, the fact that the bomb looks like it was constructed by a retarded 7 year old child that watched to many Wile E Coyote cartoons?  
  
 	The only good, faggot loving, Obama voting Fbi traitor is a dead one.  Disband the Fucking Bumbling Idiots, take away their retirement, and make them have to get jobs in some shit hole Niggah Democrat controlled county.  Fuck the Fbi. 
 Rt Thomas1774Paine    ‘We Simply Cannot Allow People to Pour Into the Us’: Video Resurfaces of Obama Echoing Trump’s Concerns (Video)     
 	See! Even the Nigger said so! 
 @a  Gab Fam:  The House of Saud is the 2nd largest investor in Twitter.  [Here is Prince Al-Waleed meeting with Jack Dorsey]  If you have been kicked off of this platform, please support Senator Rand Paul's Bill to end arms sales to Saudi Arabia. 
 		Yes! 
 		the best thing Putin and Trump could do is launch a joint nuclear strike on the Muslim world wiping out at least 90% of them. take out Mecca first! the job would require at least 2,000 nukes. 
 		the best thing Putin and Trump could do is launch a joint nuclear strike on the Muslim world wiping out at least 90% of them. take out Mecca first! the job would require at least 2,000 nukes. 
 If my son brought home Candice Owens as his new bride, I'd congratulate him.  Both brilliant and pretty.  
 	I hope you get nigger aids 
  attacked  for sitting with white people, degraded his mental health issues, called his presence in the Oval Office a minstrel show, and mocked Mr. West’s late mother. This is .    
 	muudsharking is bad enough.but faggot mudsharking ?  
 	Reminds me of a joke what is the difference between a Pussy and a Cunt? Do you give up A pussy is the Awesome pink and wet part that every straight man like me desire, the Cunt is who owns it! Sorry Ladies not for your eyes! 
 The best part about Kavanaugh being confirmed is we can stop fucking hearing about it.   The Only story of the past two weeks!   It does however, make me wonder, what was the left hand doing while we were focused on the right hand?   This is why I almost never follow the news, it is mostly a distraction from the much deeper, more meaningful truths.   The (((media))) doesn't want you to probe into those truths so they keep you distracted with the bread and circuses. Politics as we know it, is quite literally political theater. Case in point, our Potus was a reality Tv show host.   Keep in mind that those in control understand that Republicans will be in favor of anything that the Left opposes, do you really think we aren't being manipulated?   I consider the Kavanaugh thing a win, but only from a propaganda perspective. Normal people are beginning to realize that the Left is a cult of lunatics, which is good for us, but only if we can steer them in a better direction. The Right is full of cultists too (looking at you ) and we would be wise to not fall for the okie-doke.   Chances are Kavanaugh is just another normie Conservative pro-Israel type, plus he's a Catholic, which is a huge red flag.   Stay focused on the ball guys, we need a wall, we need the State Dept and all other state and federal orgs purged of all these anti-White card carrying Marxists, we need mass deportations, we need to take down Big Social, we need to build businesses for our guys, we need to rebuild our nation from the ground up starting at the family level, then the neighborhood level, then the town level, then the national.   Not to mention the epidemic levels of mental illness across all races, genders, socio-economic classes and political affiliations.   There is way too much going on and far too much that we still have left to do for the entire news cycle to be Kavanaugh, Kavanaugh, Kavanaugh all day long.   And I for one, will be happy to not have to hear about it any more 
 	The right were too busy memeing and jerking off to a faggot named South Carolina senator who is so pro open borders it is physically painful because he said a few admittedly amazing things. It is fine to make compromises where they push our goals, but there is an upper limit to that. 
 But you can't. You're not allowed to shoot a cunt hiLIARy supporter. Doing so will automatically make you a Nazi that is guilty until proven innocent.  
 i support the hanging of nigger nancy pelosi 
 	Traitors deserve a bullet. 
 	Anybody that votes for this liberal turd is nuts 
 	Anybody that votes for this liberal turd is nuts 
 You can render an entire set piece, background etc as a single thing and this saves processing power and memory but creates ten thousand headaches (a game's internal clock and how it measures this and how it's tied to any action at all for example) and what it saves is almost nothing.  Hence, smaller pieces.   Like a single cloud. 
 	Doing any pixel shit often requires the artist be a programmer as well. 
 		This is even if they are trying for quality otherwise the rules don't matter and often this means single pixel wide limb styles that you just know some faggot is professing to be a deconstruction of the rigid nature of geometry while in reality he's a nigger. 
 Boomers were not old enough to vote for the '65 immigration act, desegregation, or anything else. In California, at least, they turned out to vote for Prop 187.   The problem is as soon as they came of age, they did nothing to correct the mistakes of their elders and even made things worse. I can't think of a single boomer politician who isn't a sack of shit. 
 	Boomers are the people that worked 20 years and got a pension. They weren't going to fuck that up. The first "me" generation. 
 		" We started work at 15" Maybe some American teenagers would like to work as well and get some work experience? Oh, no, they can't do that because your kind supported and still supports cheap brown labor. Have fun being tortured by a nigger in some derelict nursing home. 
 News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
 	andrew, shut up 
 		lol. i got a similar thing, its called growing up in peckham. so whats your point cunt ? 
 this fat faced cunt has made a laughing stock of the Police in Newtownards.   he's the village idiot that some prick called George Hamilton handed a shiny badge.   " we don't need no stinkin badges ! ".   and we don't need this heap of shite that is only fit to fill a hole in a hedge. 
  
 	Colin Powell should be tried and shot for his role in 9/11 and the illegal invasion of Iraq. He’s just a Jew tool nigger  
 Writer for the Colbert Show wrote this Tweet yesterday.  She deleted it and locked her account right afterwards.   We will make sure this vile Tweet gets around so the American people know where to place their vote in November! 
 	typical liberal cunt 
 Cuckzynski is a muh pr cuck faggot and a ninnying nancy boy. Fuck that skinny fat doofus. 
 Mike Allen:   Kamala Harris: Americans Must be 'Welcoming to Caravan! Wrong! We do Not need to welcome them, just the opposite! If we allow this wave through even more will follow. Our economy is finally recovering, so let's just fuck it all up again?    
 	 
 		She Is The Satanic Jews Nigger For Office  Nothing More.  Msm Pushs Her (Jews) At The Behest Of The Satanic Order Known As "Liberals" Steered By Rothschilds Organized By Soros In The West And The SAUDIs In The EAsT All FInANCIERS And All With The Popes BLESSInG In Rome. 
    face book link .hmmm .never stop doing or being what you are   if you wanna loook on face book knowing they  cant be trusted or googel   is why im  im on Gab i will look,and be my normal self on line or in real life ,no camera is going to make me do anything i wouldnt normaly do   thats the only why you can win overload them    i take drugs im in internet Insulter so what.i run an insult room .on a program calls paltalk .you welcome to come in and say what ever you like   I Will All Ways Be Froom In Soul Body And MInD .Peace .Come To Paltalk.The Room Name Is.room owners cori shes a cunt cunty shes a cunt too   me im just a wanker Bollocks is my name and stuey the bals northern wanker but i love him .hes as gay as me just wont say so ,,,,seee you in the room    
 Unsurprisingly, the left is freaking out over Trump's "I'm a nationalist" line.   "Proof he's racist"   "Now we have what we need to remove him"   "Full racist takeover of Usa"   "This should frighten everyone"   The NPCs are going to be busy tonight.  With 3 words, he's triggered every retard in America. 
 	demoKKKrats are retarded.  
 	We must continue to pray for Our President  
 		Awesome !   Globalist defined   Hillary joke Hit   Npc exposed   Nationalist   Fully Funded Fun Fun Fun Fun !   Awesome ! 
 			Wow 
 	Awesome !   Globalist defined   Hillary joke Hit   Npc exposed   Nationalist   Fully Funded Fun Fun Fun Fun !   Awesome ! 
 		No Borders No Wall No Usa At All But Where is My Obama Care Bernie Sanders Free Stuff Gf? Will We Stand For Our Republic or Fall for Anything? Npc Meme Contest Challenge. What's Worse, Soros or China Apple Invasion?    
 		No Borders No Wall No Usa At All But Where is My Obama Care Bernie Sanders Free Stuff Gf? Will We Stand For Our Republic or Fall for Anything? Npc Meme Contest Challenge. What's Worse, Soros or China Apple Invasion?    
 If you actually call it "indigenous people's day" you're retarded 
 Those "finish the wall" signs at the recent Trump rallies shows without a doubt the level Trump's movement has sunk. It has become like a game show - the whole thing is entertainment at this point. It reminds me of the movie Running man back in the 80's where just blatant lies and propaganda are told to cheering crowds. 
 		Your a retarded fucking ass hole. grow the fuck up   
 Good. I'm glad I'm not the only one who spotted this for the attention-whoring whine that it was. On the Bbc website the same day as the Indonesian Tsunami. Oops wrong video. I meant to post the bint whingeing about a note telling her to smile.  
 Good. I'm glad I'm not the only one who spotted this for the attention-whoring whine that it was. On the Bbc website the same day as the Indonesian Tsunami. Oops wrong video. I meant to post the bint whingeing about a note telling her to smile.  
 	If (((they))) cast the next James Bond as a nigger I ain't watching it.ever. Bond ain't no nigger.  
 	See what a mess the Jew created we can't even come to the whole truth of thier wicked deeds and how they control us without fighting amongst ourselves. 
 Has America Become a Dictatorship Disguised as a Democracy?    
 	1.  We're a Constitutional Republic Not a democracy.   2.  If President Trump were a dictator Gab and your post would not exist. 
 		You didn't even read the article. You just read the headline and had a Trumpy melt-down.   And seriously? You actually believe that AmeriKa is operating as a {{{constitutional republic}}}?   God. you Trump-Tards are stupid. 
 			 
 				You ain't worth it faggot genxer 
 ? ?  ? ?   Ok.who knows whether to believe this.  Arrests? or remember Hillary had all the keys   Worldwide Blackout Of Internet This Weekend Icann     
 	2) No, my guess is they are installing network taps for increased throughput on their surveillance. Thank Obama the scum traitor muzzie piece of shit for this. He gave away as much of America as he could, the internet is most definitely an American invention/system. 
 Larry Elder on Twitter:   "Why don't we just escort the "migrant caravan" to Canada? They have single-payer."    
 	That retarded asshole Justin Trudeau will welcome them with open arms and give each one of them a free hotel room and $50,000 cash. Really, I’m not kidding. 
 Pay Attention  you dumb twat, You Don'T Speak For Women, Republican Or Independent You Dingbat!   Ya wanna know what women are Mad at you tart? We're Mad that bitches like you think you have some Right to speak for us, what we think, how we feel! We are Mad that you think We Hate Potus or believe he doesn't care about us. We are Mad That Scumbag Cunts like you think it's ok for blacks to sit on Don Lemonheads show & call Kanye an uneducated negro? While Lemonhead laughed!   We're mad that you believe just like in 16 that women vote based on their pussies, maybe you do you brain dead twat but we don't!    We're gonna vote based on Issues Like Due Process, Taxes, Civil RightS, Economy, America First, BOrDER Control, Ice, ELECTOrAL College, The Constitution    Here's another Fyi You Skank, you & your leftist buddies can Stop using "Oh but Trump incites violence by his aggressive talk at his rallies. .I'll pay for your legal fees etc" Make sure you listen up you tart, Paid AGItATOrS were Paid to go to his rallies & start physical altercations with Trump supporters It Is WeLL Documented. Another Fyi sweet cheeks it is Legal to defend yourself or a third party from Harm, it is ILLegal to Physically Attack Someone ya dirty bitch! 
 You should quit deleting your posts before I respond to them. You're the retard around here. 
  
 	. 
 		Christianity is dying all over Europe, and you can't do anything about that. 
 			2 billion christians in Europe silly bollox.  How many pagans.  Apart from hindus? 
 					You ate a jew just attacking christians with paganism.  Europe is christian and will remain so.  There will never be an pagan europe 
 							You stupid cunt all those christian soldiets who gave their lives so shit like you could disrespect them.  Hang your head you two bob slag 
 Heard about this on the latest TeDiouS, and it's triggering Af   Yeah, the yenta voiced cartoon and the jewish faggot Mr. Rogers in a manbun don't even come close to the reason for the rustling.    No #2A, no Electoral College, no compromise is what they want.    Just watch & try not to get rustled    
 	I wouldn't have a nigger slave. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	I agree, the founding fathers of this country wrote papers warning about the dangers of Islam. All should research and read these. Not a new problem. 
 	I agree, the founding fathers of this country wrote papers warning about the dangers of Islam. All should research and read these. Not a new problem. 
 Your stupid Communist Cunt who wants "Free Everything". 
 Far Left Comedian George Lopez Attacks Trump Supporter at Hooters (Video)  
 	Let that spic try that shit with me and I'll bury him. 
 I've thought long and hard about this and.I don't care.   This was a Saudi citizen killed by Saudis on Saudi property.   And so what if he was a journalist? If anything, that makes me think less of him, considering today's state of journalism.   There's nothing here that merits another potential useless, bloody mid-east ground war. 
 	    Agree! We do not need to be involved. We need to stay out of other governments business.   The only thing to concern us should be trade.    How they handle their own is their business. 
 		Even if that muzzie was a journalist I wouldn't care, but he wasn't. "Journalist" was his cover. 
 	 I have been saying this for years, and I will continue to say until the day I die. Hundreds of studies confirm this fact. Every race of people have a different brain structure. Not all brains are built the same. These inbred sons of bitches can't think the same you do. It is impossible for them to think the way you do because their brain is made different from yours.                          You are never going to change these people, they can't change. They are built the way they are. Inbred retarded brain damaged people.   
 	none of the 19 comments here have given you what you asked for sasha, which is high quality animation. everyone who commented should be ashamed. fuck that nigger who said superjail and fuck that other guy who said twilight of the cockroaches. and die twice to the triple nigger who said boku no hero academia. everyone should be ashamed. 
 		He said high quality, but based on the examples, he wants basic adventure with average visuals. 
 		no, read back through my timeline, i asked him directly if he wanted animation quality or quality stories. he said he wanted outstanding animation. i gave him 5 or 6 
 		No nigger, fuck you.  Superjail has excellent animation in terms of creative transitions in the psychedelic death sequences.   Twilight of the Cockroaches was great for its era. 
 My level of dismay at the cesspit that is the Uk education system grows by the day. The filthy left wing scum that have infiltrated it have ruined an entire generation.     
 	Yep,you won't believe the shite that will qualify in 5 years time.Some cunt will be operating on your heart with a degree in goat fucking. 
 obamination appearing at the most nigger infested school in Milwaukee on Friday. 
 Attention Everyone! Bitcoin is a serious breach of security as it is ultimately controlled by the Communist Chinese Government! The Democrats did not care about this so they just let it slide, but it is in fact treason against the American way of life!      
 	Bitcoin is not owned by any government or company, it is Decentralised. Do some research before posting trash. 
 		It's public property like a Communist state. It's a public ledger. If entire China had an electricity break, Bitcoin would crash. How is that not owning something? 74% the electricity is provided by the Peoples republic of chine. How is that not owning? You are nigger of the Chinese. 
 @a you chose them, faggot 
    Australian Government addresses the Child abuse epidemic in their country   Australia offers rare national apology to victims of child sex abuse   Sydney (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Monday offered a rare national apology, only the second since 2008, to victims of institutional child sexual abuse and their families, bringing some survivors to tears.   The gesture followed a five-year inquiry into child sexual abuse that delved into more than 8,000 cases of sexual misconduct, most of them at religious and state-run institutions responsible for keeping children safe.   Today, as a nation, we confront our failure to listen, to believe, and to provide justice, Morrison told lawmakers in the Australian capital, Canberra.   We say sorry. To the children we failed, sorry. To the parents whose trust was betrayed and who have struggled to pick up the pieces, sorry.   Expressions of national regret such as Monday’s are reserved for egregious misdeeds in which the state has played a role.    
 	Punishment for 1000's of Evil satanic Moslims that you and your predecessors brought in , most are podophiles  , rapists and criminals , to whom will you and that communist cunt apologize to? Un? fuck no, lets deliver a bullet to the Union thug and a crook the Shortarse cunt of the nation 
 		Greatest danger to the nation is Alp Communists and Green Fascists, that coalition of Satanic maggots need to fought even on streets till totally annihilated, Then the nation can breathe a sigh of relief 
 		When one talks about Alp or Green fascist a,, a white eastern European immediately smells a Communists as we remember it well, and their stench smells a mile away. Warning Warning evil lives amongst us besides moslim slime and African barbarians 
 		Nowhere on this planet has Labour or socialist, been known for any good but simply a satanic evil on earth, their annihilation is the only remedy ,if it does not work in the ballot box then , time for armed revolt 
 		Nowhere on this planet has Labour or socialist, been known for any good but simply a satanic evil on earth, their annihilation is the only remedy ,if it does not work in the ballot box then , time for armed revolt 
 ugly ginger nigger thing 
 Antifa starts fights but ends up bloody . Flash march Portland Oregon.  via  
 		looks like one of those portland antifa Sharps, same group with that faggot that got KOed not so long ago 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	his brown pets.burning the flag.  
 				Soros Is "white" as you like to call it. 
 					really?   did Whites die in "camps" in Wwii?   were Whites kicked out in pogroms?   why isn't the Adl and Splc called Kkk?  are Africans the same as Indians because of skin tone?  why do Jews have to show Dna to get in Israel?    
 						If you are referring to the people of India as Indians they are actually Caucasian according to 200 years of science. 
 								You obviously have no education in Anthropology.   And the term "Black Irish" was a reference to Irish with dark eyes silly 
 													Spud nigger   shamrock nigger   leprechaun nigger   green nigger    white nigger   the list is long   
 Fox & friends:    Steve Scalise: Some leaders on the left are inciting more violence instead of saying there’s no place for it    
 		Just what would happen if the left intensified their shooting where they left off at the baseball diamond? Would we respond? or just let things go as always? 
 			ohhh you want some huh? lol fingers crossed. 
 		Smart dog!    
 		Smart dog!    
 Jews 
 	So Soros is Jewish? Huh. Is Boot Jewish too? It's almost as if "conservative" Max Boot is more concerned about a "liberal" of his own tribe than about abstract ideological considerations like "liberal" or "conservative." Or something. I wonder if other powerful/ influential Jews feel the same way? 
 		Sounds like another Jew faggot David Brock, erstwhile bf of pizzag8's James Alefantis 
 So fucking what and what are the number rise in Muzzie bombings, stabings etc. Who gives a fuk about Muslims in a European country 
 So fucking what and what are the number rise in Muzzie bombings, stabings etc. Who gives a fuk about Muslims in a European country 
 She should have to spend six years in prison and lose her credentials .if she has any. 
 	Well he's black, if he didn't rape her, he's going to end up raping someone eventually. 
 		Blacks have the highest crime rates and rape stats. This isn't Twitter.  We can say Nigger here.  You mad?  Come on, this is Gab we all hate the (((Globalist))) Left that shuts us down everywhere else.  Sure this bitch deserves prison, but it's highly likely this guy will commit a crime of his own after being in jail that long. 
 Lmao remember when that nigger went from looking like that in the photo to crying, looking like a pathetic coon being arrested within 24 hours of the photo being taken? Rofl, these niggers aren't as tough as they seem. They won't even fairly fight whites. There always have to be four or five niggers ganging up on one guy. 
 Lol. This faggot is gonna be extremely entertaining til he gets Bullycided off of here  
 No, we know their tactics.you also knew they were coming.they have come in droves.that’s ok, we hillbilly Deplorables got this. 
 Just about the time I think that she can't get any dumber, she opens her mouth again and proves me wrong.   What this means is they want to do away with the electoral college and go to straight on mob rule by direct vote based on how the elite herd them. It would literally be one of the quickest ways to the end of the Usa, because it would thereby pay even more than it already does to invade the Usa with third world savages that then produce children at exponential levels and then have them vote for ever greater benefits and comforts in a direct or popular vote.   I would not underestimate their ability to whip up the ignorant masses that are herded by the elite to achieve just that, the ending of the indirect vote.   Just look at it now, the Census counts illegals, which we now know is at least 20 million, or the almost 30 million I have come up with, who thereby don’t just essentially get an electoral college vote for president, they also get representation in the house while American citizens and states are deprived of their votes and Representatives that would have gone to them. 
 	brainwashed retard with absolutely no intelligence!  Completely programmed robot!   
 Hitler's phone sold for $243,000, anonymous bidder. 
 	And its $300.00 less than the new Iphone 
 		I would have thought that it would have been a pink princess phone ? 
 			Yeah cuz ur a faggot n that’s the 1st thing that pops into a faggot’s head. Faggot shit 
 		Lol sand nigger lover  
 Sounds like a plan!  Every civilized country should do the same! 
 		not a libertarian. i'm actual liberal.  Islam has problems as already pointed out, but you don't get to pick and choose what people can believe in. You are the anti-American here and a hypocrite. You don't have the right to take away other's rights. 
 		Wake up! Islam and Moslems absolutely do not recognize any of your precious Rights.   None. Which is why you can either have a free and open society, or you can have Moslems. Never both. 
 		Wake up! Islam and Moslems absolutely do not recognize any of your precious Rights.   None. Which is why you can either have a free and open society, or you can have Moslems. Never both. 
 It just get stranger & stranger.            
 	Get the fuck outta here. Fake and gay. Op is just as retarded as the stupid fake boomer. Who let you people into the club? I want names! 
 "Free Speech" in quotation marks. 
 	Hey Redneck Randy.  Texas Redneck Jew Eric here.  Say bro', where do I get me some of that Jew media influence at?  I'm 100% Jew.  Got the Jew penis, the Jew hair And most fortunately the Jew Iq to go along with it.  I'd like me some bigtime media influence.  Do I have to send away for it?  Give 'em a copy of my Jew membership card?   
 	Hey Redneck Randy.  Texas Redneck Jew Eric here.  Say bro', where do I get me some of that Jew media influence at?  I'm 100% Jew.  Got the Jew penis, the Jew hair And most fortunately the Jew Iq to go along with it.  I'd like me some bigtime media influence.  Do I have to send away for it?  Give 'em a copy of my Jew membership card?   
 Hello fellow gabbers! 
 		You have a great day also! 
 		And you have a great day too! 
 		Great use of free speech dude. 
 		Great use of free speech dude. 
 For the love of God Dread - will you Stop following me!   creepy     
 	The spammer was at Torba's wedding.   Let that sink in. 
 		Was he/she/it following people around and impersonating others?   Makes sense. 
 			Lightfighter 6 used to have a blue checkmark and ran the biggest upvote botnet I ever saw on Gab - it could generate 500+ upvotes in minutes.   My hypothesis is this scummy shitheel helped jumpstart Gab with his botnet, and that's how he 'earned' his blue check - which otherwise makes no sense, not using a human name and not being a Twitter brand. 
 				Muh Sidephase    Muh BBGood    Muh Builder    Muh Satoshi    Muh Turbo    Muh SnuggleBunny    Muh Tamera    +Muh lf6   (Everyone accused of running bots against dread) 
 					BBgood, Tamera and Snugglebunny are too dumb to be script kiddies. 
 							Dread I’ve told you before if you’ve got something to say to me, have the balls to @ me.  Pussy.  Proving it over and over again.    
 								Preach sister 
 								He’s an idiot and rarely worth wasting time on. 
 								He’s an idiot and rarely worth wasting time on. 
 we need an fbi investigation 
 	Definitely a Rapist 
 		Give the Queen Bee a break, he was just trying to wash the taste of Muzzie ass out of his mouth. 
 I can't think of a single Nigger that deserves to live in America 
 This drunk bloke comes up to me at a club last night and boasted "my cock it twice the size of yours", I thought. ha what kind of cunt announces to a crowded room that he has a 2 inch cock! 
 This drunk bloke comes up to me at a club last night and boasted "my cock it twice the size of yours", I thought. ha what kind of cunt announces to a crowded room that he has a 2 inch cock! 
 Obama Had a Secret Plan in Case Trump Didn’t Accept 2016 Election Results  
 	Fuck that nigger  
  
 	Barry Santoros/Obama. Is nothing more then the coked up nigger that has sex with shemales. Michael, I mean Michelle. 
 I do enjoy trolling these libtards. Using my wife's Twitter account, because I'm perma banned for calling Jack Dorsey a fairy gay faggot in addition to calling Twitter out on their support of pedophilia. 
 He might come off as snobbishy faggy but make mistake that man is cold blooded nigger killer. He calls it "wildlife management". 
 	you're pretty stupid if you think censoring people further and pushing them into echo chambers is going to help the situation. do you also support censoring all muslims because their holy books inspire terrorism? It's foolish idiots like yourself who make the problem worse.  
 		Lol, now this homo claims that even just having a section of Gab for white supremacists is "censorship."  He's literally that retarded.  It's like he just uses random words that he doesn't know the meaning of, probably bc his parents found that entertaining. 
  dropped a bombshell video on the Senate race down in  and the lying manipulation being employed, emblematic of Democratic tactics around the nation:     
 	That video and Taylor Swifts dumbassery resulted in this.lol    
 		fuck the cunt Swift! 
 		This has been shown as Stevens all along . Your point please They tortured him for hours . Your comment seems like a defense where there is none .Please pick your battles wisely , Froghopper Froghopper 
 				Again , your point ? These people are terrorist plain and simple and your quest to defend them makes you a sympathizer .plain and simple . Now just cut and run as this is obviously over your head and you bore me with the whining .  
 					It says a lot about a person who would accuse you of sympathizing with terrorists because you point out the image they claim is of one mans torture is actually several years older than the death of said person.   Either way, you claimed an image of a man being tortured was Christopher Stevens, I said it wasn't and proved it while also saying I didn't deny anything about the story of what happened to him.  How unhinged are you that you call somebody at Terrorist sympathizer  for pointing out that you made a mistake? 
 						For fuck sake .give it a rest ! Has this just eaten away at your brain?  Do I have space reserved in your head ? Just relax , you'll be ok  
 								You're a sociopath. You lied to your audience then when I pointed it out you lie about me. Fucking hilarious. 
 												The only differences between kosher and halal are. #1.in kosher slaughter, the rabbi must fellatiate all the male animals, this has a calming affect. for the rabbi. #2.in halal slaughter, the imam must lick the anus of the animal, this makes the imam slightly more agitated. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Pretty sure he's married to a nigger, trying to confirm rn, the worthless faggot tries so hard to curate his online presence and repeatedly edits his wikipedia entry to hide the fact that he's a jew 
  
 	Seems these are retarded animals from hell . 
 The  from Nbc just keeps coming. Their pro-murder phony journalist Robin Marty - we know she's a phony b/c she did zero fact checking - is an evil, soulless cunt who doesn't consider 100+ murders the most prolific serial killing in history.    
  
 	donna brazile is a cunt 
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 	Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away,, scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? or the fact i made u bow down twice. kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
 		nigger 
 5 Incredible Moments You Wouldn’t Believe if They Weren’t Recorded  Redneck Edition    
 5 Incredible Moments You Wouldn’t Believe if They Weren’t Recorded  Redneck Edition    
 	A dog of a woman, and pregnant at 37?  Clearly Harry is of low-Iq. 
 	A dog of a woman, and pregnant at 37?  Clearly Harry is of low-Iq. 
 Give us your poor, hungry, tired, nonwhite illegal aliens with Hiv, measles, pertussis, rubella, rabies, hepatitis A, influenza, tuberculosis, shigellosis,  syphilis, etc, otherwise you're a racist Nazi. 
 	~~~ Ya Man,. Like,. Where'S Da Party ? 
 		A nigger exhibitionist pervert.  Probably hiding something tiny, that's why they use those fake big ones. 
      Has just been Muted & Reported for spamming tranny porn   If you cock suckers ever get around to tagging me with great looking naked Actual Women - "Not" men with Tits   I won't report you but I might still Mute you   Only Faggots Like Faggots   And you   Are A Faggot 
 		Their are a few that are very smart obviously, the vast majority are command and control robots.  They are programmed to control gentiles and I have seen it in action.  By using the holohoax as a guilt mechanism, their software is very controlling.  The controllers know the holohoax is desparately needed to keep the control and that is why they defend it to the death!  Once someone realizes it is complete bullshit, then their control is done! But I guarantee you that the typical fake Jew is dumber than shit! 
 So let me get this strait.  The Brits Discharged a British Serviceman For Taking A Picture With Tommy Robinson, and Then Disciplined 27 Others And Retrained Them, For Being In A Picture With Tommy Robinson   Sorry to say it, but Britian is lost. 
 	If Uk people do not protest, then they may as well just become muslim in Uk. Then become enemy of Us. As far as I am concerned the Uk gov is the enemy of Us already, since they take the sides of terrorist. I consider the Uk gov a terrorist organization. 
 		France (with their ~290 Thermonuclear Weapons) and large muzzie population should also be viewed in exactly the same way.  
 		France (with their ~290 Thermonuclear Weapons) and large muzzie population should also be viewed in exactly the same way.  
  
 	Trump is in the jews' pocket 
 		do you people ever get sick of calling every last person on the planet either a jew or agent of jews? You are worse than the leftists calling people nazis 
 			Truth is a stranger to the jew.more so to their ignorant followers 
 					I am a liberal but I sure as hell am not a Racist Retarded Democrat!  Jews are Racist human sewage!  Jews are the scum of the world and you are brainwashed retarded! 
 (((Soros))) covers them.  But now, some retard voted Npc, ruining the nice consensus we had going. 
 Just seeing a gang raped victim look so distraught is so disturbing.   Not    
 	Yeah, She Was Enjoying All The Attention=Complete Bullshit! She'S A Goddamn Liar And Evil Jewish Cunt 
    arrest this idiot ! 
 	Kuntzman=fucking kike faggot 
 Wrong 
 	We just bullycided this chick off the site. 
 			Who was it? 
 				No one of importance, some useless account that was going for a Manic Pixie Dream Girl vibe, very annoying to interact with, went by  if Irc 
 9/ Meanwhile, the white supremacists on Gab are doing the mirror image of what Antifa is doing on the left.  And everyone Gab is like "fuck those Antifa!" and then sympathetically going to the white supremacists and going "we're on you're side ."  They're laughing their asses off at you, but also being glad that you're retarded enough to be part of their group. 
 Mombot The Gamergate Guy Who Pretends To Be A Woman Doxed Wildgoose! 
 		Wrong handle, but yeah:  
 			I mentioned earlier, the faggot ended up blocking me just for being friends with Ralph. 
   To Run For President In 2020  Two-time failed presidential contender will not go away    
 	wasn't it something like 1.2 billion this cunt spent? 
 	1. You know what I am thinking?    All of this is Fake News and these are the same Sob's that tried to murder President Trump, his Family, and Pentagon Officials just 3 weeks ago and Vanessa Trump who was hospitalized 8 months ago and the Democrats were not outraged by their own behavior. 
 		2. Oh no, they couldn't care less but they expect us to care about some Bs they invented because their invented caravan Bs is not working.   We don't give a damn about George Soros!   We don't give a damn about Cnn!   We don't give a damn about any of you lying devils.   You created that caravan to persecute Americans because you hate Americans. 
 			3. You won't build the wall because you hate Americans and the list goes on and on.   We are not encouraging our people to murder anyone, however we don't give a fuck if all of you die, because you continue to murder us.   You continue to steal from us, lie to us, poison our air, food, and water. 
 				4. You continue to flood us with illegals and rob us of our hard earned money to care for people who have their own country because you hate us and can't stand to see us live life now and enjoy it. 
 					5. You people are lowlife filth and no one gives a fuck if you die. Maybe we could get something done if you were out of the way and don't worry we feel the same way about the Rino's, Globalists, Cowards, and Feckless Beta Bitches that have infiltrated the Republican Party.   Meh. 
 						6. Ricin-Laced Letters Sent To Trump and Pentagon Officials   Wochit News   Published on 2 Oct 2018       (Cnn)Two pieces of mail delivered to the Pentagon mail facility on Monday have initially tested positive for ricin, according to a Us defense official. 
 							The mail facility is in a separate building on the grounds of the Pentagon and the piece of mail which tested positive never entered the Pentagon building. The Fbi and the Pentagon Force Protection Agency are responding and further testing is expected to be done by the Fbi, the officials said. 
 								7. Trump's family threatened with suspicious letters   Usa Today   Published on 21 Mar 2016      Donald Trump's sister got a threatening letter in the mail a day after his son received a letter with suspicious white powder inside. 
 										fuck off faggot 
 	we shall see if the black community rises up against this "white devil" or not, cant wait to watch all this unfold muhahahahhaaa 
 	we shall see if the black community rises up against this "white devil" or not, cant wait to watch all this unfold muhahahahhaaa 
 Socialism. 
 	Brain dead cunt she is! wouldn't fuck her with your dick  
 The future is now, old man. 
 	When the war starts here don't think you should engage strangers. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
 The current political climate is a direct result of Barack Obama and his attempt to weaken America. The worst president ever. 
 	No the Usa is a product of Cultural Marxism -- the nigger is part of common plight, not the cause. Stupid Proles.   Communism not the house Nigger is to Blame. 
 Booker just torpedoed his Presidential aspirations trashing the United States  Do you agree?   
 	tell that nigger to move, better still, drag him to the border and throw him over. 
 I'M Done. Wtf 
 		Well i may be a dumb backwater guitar playing redneck but i kinda figure wackin a girls clit off at 13 is not the best idea or even healthy. 
 			They don't wait till she's 13 either. 
 			They don't wait till she's 13 either. 
  
 		Hey numbnuts, that actor is long since dead. 
 		Hey numbnuts, that actor is long since dead. 
 Soon.    
 	I think your facts are as specious as your humor. Linking Graham to the holocaust is as amusing as linking the Liberal Left to justice seekers. 
 		I think that people who try and fail to use the word 'specious' correctly should be gassed 
 			Many typos these days are the result of people using smartphones to "check" their writing. Wanting to gas someone for such a silly thing is another matter completely. Using common Nazi-speak.that might be worthy. 
 						The slippery slope is real 
 					Nah, check it out. Nazi pukes give themselves away with their diction. Attack away. Soon you will all be screaming your Nazi shit to each other in isolation. Relegated to MUTEdom. 
 					Nah, check it out. Nazi pukes give themselves away with their diction. Attack away. Soon you will all be screaming your Nazi shit to each other in isolation. Relegated to MUTEdom. 
 What's in your closet? 
 		Mass graves no doubt. 
 		Mass graves no doubt. 
 Is this how you treat shareholders, ?   I said 's plans to colonize Mars were stupid since there are plenty of problems here on earth he could help solve with his resources, and he got triggered and blocked me!    
 	his perogative. you were probably being a dick. go suck a sand nigger cock 
  
 	Obama Then: "The Future Must not belong to those who slander the prophet of islam."  Harris Now: "Americans Must be welcoming and tolerant to caravan."  **Same bullshit. 
 		fuck willie brown's whore and double fuck ovomit, mohammed, the koran and every muzzie 
 	It was an activist church. Clementia Pinkney was an activist who campaigned for Hillary that very day.  This incident happened on 6/17/15 and provoked a big anti-white backlash.  Trump announced his campaign on 6/16/15  I wonder if the intense anti-white backlash from media, corporations and government made people more or less likely to vote for Trump?  
 		So basically a standard negro church  Which makes them different, how, from the episcopalians or evangelical lutherans? They were no nation of islam.  I don't want to belabor this point any further.  
 		So basically a standard negro church  Which makes them different, how, from the episcopalians or evangelical lutherans? They were no nation of islam.  I don't want to belabor this point any further.  
 	Greek wouldn't that make Spartacus a Fucking White Male funny Demonrats hate White people until they need a hero to reference hahahaha 
 		Being the Greek brat that I am.Spartacus is the way Romans spell it in Latin. Not Greek. In Greek.Σπάρτακος.as in 'Spartakos' The letter U or Ypsilon in Greek.is pronounced like the letter E in English. Imagine what a difference.if it were spelled Spartaces. Lol  
 		Being the Greek brat that I am.Spartacus is the way Romans spell it in Latin. Not Greek. In Greek.Σπάρτακος.as in 'Spartakos' The letter U or Ypsilon in Greek.is pronounced like the letter E in English. Imagine what a difference.if it were spelled Spartaces. Lol  
 Dont engage with the soppy cunt hes as thick as shit 
 "White people cannot simply ask for an apology, expect forgiveness and plan to move on. Instead of being concerned with being forgiven, white people should focus on ."    
 	fuck you nigger Move to apefrica where you belong 
 Britain Releases Radical Islamist Preacher From Prison.  
 		 
 		 
                   #Q 
 		 
 		Please don't use the word "nigger." It just lowers you. 
 		 
 		lol, oh, wow, how impressive and original. idiot.  
 		beep boop how impressive and original beep boop 
 		beep boop how impressive and original beep boop 
 The tactically prudent thing for the White Right to do is sit out this midterm.    A faction which delivers votes for a coalition that's actively and openly screwing it while blowing off its promises surrenders its potential influence.    I voted for a White Duterte, and all I got was this Orange Jeb. 
 	The most retarded thing to say. Don’t vote? wtf? We live in a vacuum? Hand over power to the Democrats? Get the fuck out of here. 
 cats can't talk bud, were you institutionalized with Wictor or are you actually a retard 
     We need the death penalty back these people in a place of worship and this evil man came in and started shooting 
 		Varies by State. 
 		Ok never new that  
 		Yep. In theory we are a collection of separate States that have a few common rules allowing the Federal Government to do only a few things for us like defense (tho we have separate State level National Guard troops at the State Governor's disposal), money,and treaties for trade. Of course over time it has ballooned exceeding Contitutional limits. 
 		Supreme Court of course to arbitrate State and District courts. 
 		Supreme Court of course to arbitrate State and District courts. 
 He stares into your soul. 
 	Still not scarier than Sonic art on DeviantArt. 
 		DeviantArt is scary in itself. An entire world of perverted, psychopathic, demonic P's O S.and that just the mods. The user population is Full of pedos, faggot furries, SJWs and the toxic sludge from the bottom of California's sewer system. 
 		Or are you just throwing a fit because you can’t reproduce? Because dignified men of color sweep white women off their feet, who fall in love with someone who knows how to treat them with love, service, & passion? Don’t cry because the brown skin man has better game than you, nut up & go have a family & raise them well & stop bitching.  White genocide is a joke 
 				You seem so filled with hatred, I can’t imagine such a vile existence. I hope you feel better soon 
 						God bless you  
 												NiGGerS. 
 Find attention elsewhere faggot 
 Her tranny snatch is full of nigger cum. 
  
 		You are a spic whore. 
 He is one of them lol Fat cunt is a cheeseburger away from a massive heart attack lol  Michael Moore cheers ‘last days’ of old white men: ‘The dying dinosaur’   
 Psa to all of you that have not uploaded an avi for your account, please do so!     Once you start engaging with people here, you will see how annoying it is to look at notifs and see just a bunch of white circles and have no clue to who is enjoying your content! 
 	And please use your real and full name.  Eric Dondero,  Houston Tx 
 		No need to use your name. I prefer like many others to be anon. To each his own.   Just get a damn avi.lol 
 			No need to be anonymous at Gab.  At Twat ubderstandable to avoid the censors.  But here zero justification for anonymous  
 				Bullshit! I don't want my real name all over the internet! Doesn't matter what site you are on.   Is this your first time on sm? 
 					Fuck off 
 						Are you mad dude? Lmao 
 							"Hi! Unverified Anon here to encourage you to post your real name and address. Thanks in advance!" 
 								Lmao.you! 
 								you first  
 								Haha no  
 					Why not use your name.Everything on the internet is a open book.Facebook Twitter Amazon Netflix Google All have your information.If they really want you you can’t hide.Facebook gave out 50 million passwords.Yahoo Gmail same thing. 
 						I'm not on Any of those! 
 					What an idiot  
 					 is a known (((subversive))) Plz don't take his advice  
 					 is a known (((subversive))) Plz don't take his advice  
  
 	Oh, and he's already arrested.  Buh-bye soyboy.  We hardly knew ye. 
 		What kind of faggot are you?    
 The standards for politeness were clearly set by a pussy faggot cunt 
  
 	Give Obama a fun, it’s quicker. Plus you  guys are fucking retarded if you believe that in the first place. 
 		Republished 2 October 2018   due to dumb Goyim's short attention span  22 Sept 2018, John Paterson Phone Call Ofcom Press Office  Bbc Trust must be scrapped after Savile scandal, says new report The Bbc should not be allowed to police itself after the Jimmy Savile scandal, says a damning new report. Lord Burns appointed Ofcom Chairman. Sharon White, Ofcom Chief Executive, said: Lord Burns brings with him a wealth of experience and I am looking forward to working together as we deliver on Ofcom’s priorities. I am incredibly grateful to Dame Patricia Hodgson, who has provided expert stewardship to Ofcom as Chairman and Deputy Chairman over the past six years. Colleagues across Ofcom thank her for the contribution she’s made.   
 	How is Wuerl #3 now since he doesn’t hold a position in any department or the C9?  She makes that assertion but doesn’t explain. 
 		I was curious about that too 
 		And it just gives the press, even the press sympathetic to him, more cause to criticize him and lend credibility to the critics who’ve had him dead to rights all the time. 
 		And it just gives the press, even the press sympathetic to him, more cause to criticize him and lend credibility to the critics who’ve had him dead to rights all the time. 
 Another great anon-produced video earns a mirroring on the campaign Channel.  Nsdap or bust in the Democrat primary in 2020!    
 		You are just as pathetic you retarded sperg.  
 Throat-punch that faggot DeNigger 
 Convenient. Pipe Bombs and Jew shooting.When All the internals had Red beating Blue against all odds, again. And picking up seats. 2 week window. Right on time. No time sooner, no time later. It's retarded alright.  
  
 	What a rotten Pos! Illegal alien? Gtfo! Someone needs to cunt punt that worthless Pos all the way back home.  
  and :   
 	hey tech companies.make this nigger white! 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Another stupid move from Torba. Who could have guessed? 
 		I'm not leaving until they ban me. Which it looks like they're just gonna block me instead. Oh sorry, disassociate with me. 
 				ok 
 					Forreal tho nobody cares about your suffering. Stfu lol 
 					ok 
 					ok 
  
 		What he meant was,we`re sick and tired of the constitution sitting in the national archives,because it stops us from manipulating everything you do. 
 		 
 		 
 		Sworn to up hold to Constitution what a peice of shit. 
 		Sworn to up hold to Constitution what a peice of shit. 
  
 	Are you a filthy Jew or a stupid Nigger Your numbers are opposite  
 Susan Rice Expresses Interest In Challenging Susan Collins For Maine Senate Seat      
 		Fuck you, I know we won't elect a a nigger senator so go hump your goat. 
 Floriduh is white trash whigger heaven. 
 Published on 14 Oct 2018   "The Ginsburg Show - Nothing Much to See Here! "The age of consent should be lowered to 12 years of age." "Pedophelia is good for children."   ~ Judge Ginsburg  Ginsburg Shocks Us Again! Unthinkable For an Sc Judge!   [embedyt]     ~ Truth and Art Tv 
 	Ruth Buzzi Ginsberg senility watch 
 			Deleted 
 			Deleted 
 PolitiFact is forced to retract a story claiming Claire McCaskill didn’t say what she definitely said  
 	Politifact, snopes, and pretty much everything on the internet is a Lie! unfortunately it works for Retarded lefties as they cannot tell fact from fiction! Democrats are human sewage with absolutely No Intelligence! 
 so what about the christians, atheists, pagans, muslims, etc. in Israel? You don't want to exterminate them too do you? Will you leftists ever get over your hitler couldn't kill all the jews or european whites? 
 	You really need to check overseas news sources, now and then.   Especially Israeli news wrt such topics and issues. ;)   Hint: Christians have more freedoms and protection in Syria, than in Israel.   Reality is kind weird, but you can adjust. ;) 
 			Now, you're believing what the White Hat Videos produced for liberals to consume. :)   hint: If you think christians have great freedom in Israel, why is it so much harder to believe they have even more freedom in Syria?   Because your Tv said so? 
 				Because I am From the mideast, read the arab press and unlike idiot trolls/pro-russian bots like you, know the facts. 
 					Then, you know what the 'arab press' says about the way israelis treat christians.   .and, what they have to say isn't good.   Their accounts can be confirmed by other sources. 
 							"It is not what goes into the mouth that defiles a person, but what comes out of the mouth; this defiles a person.    "Let there be no filthiness nor foolish talk nor crude joking, which are out of place."   Read your book, christian. ;) 
 							"It is not what goes into the mouth that defiles a person, but what comes out of the mouth; this defiles a person.    "Let there be no filthiness nor foolish talk nor crude joking, which are out of place."   Read your book, christian. ;) 
 Any lip readers out there? I wonder what she's saying?      
 	Lick my cunt Now! 
  Fuckin nigger Loser. 
     This particular group did a few punchy songs which remain classics to this day. This was one of them   Daddy Cool - Eagle Rock    
 		kangaroo fuckin' faggot 
 Did you know that the Church of England sends "donation envelopes" to members of their flock who are too sick to get to church ?   Religion  Is  The  Root  Of  (almost) All  Evil  ! 
 	"Poll of Anglican clergy found that as many as 16% cent are unclear about God and 2% think it is no more than a human construct".            
 		I actually went to my mother's church, after I found out they'd sent her begging letters, whilst she was dying, and though I refrained from punching the vicar's teeth out I did give him a sermon I hope he never forgets ! (. the smell might have meant he crapped himself in the belief I was going to give him what he deserved !) 
 				"Slapping me silly" . hmmmmm  now that doesn't ring true . are you sure you weren't fantasising about a bit of Bdsm and finally getting the anal probing you so desire ? 
 				lol peter is a legend in his own mind. 
 				lol peter is a legend in his own mind. 
 	She was paid that's income did she pay tax on it 
 		Multple immigration offences and undeclared income - just you try that and see how it goes. SOme judges really need sacking - now! 
 			Tom the judges who ignore the law should be prosecuted  
 			Absolutely, judges are there to make legal decisions not excuses for illegal behaviour and chancers. Judges like that are part of the (Very Big) problem as it encourages others to do the same - and cite this case if they get caught. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
  
 	might be part of a predictive programming suite.or a retarded copywriter 
 Simon Lindberg joins  on The Public Space for an extensive interview on the politics and goals of the     
 	Why have you not addressed your connections to the Russian Imperialist Movement?  
 		You're cool with your leader going not the show of man who kidnapped a retarded girl to impregnate her?  
 Choose education, personal responsibility, or birth control Not murder! 
 		All hail potato queen ,Margret Sanger! 
 		All hail potato queen ,Margret Sanger! 
  
 	Considering my 2nd cousin an her cunt friends use false accusations as weapons like it's "pleasurable", I'm sure this system won't at be abused. An since the Rcmp got caught with their bullying ($1.1Billion) I'm sure plenty of falsely accused men will go "quietly" into social death.  
 I    
 	Ever see a nigger do Looksatme buygrocery while it's in a store its hilarious.yeah uhuh,yeah,sumadat,uhh,sumahdem,nah shheeeiiittt muh fug,Looksatme dragmuhfeet pullmuhcoatomuhhayid 
 She paid the toll! 
 	Reap what you sow you mudshark whore.  Good riddance, once less nigger baby maker and one less Democratic voter.    
 I didn't know Robert De Niro and Biden had received a package as well. As Conservatives we should not stoop to the levels the Dems are. But I know there are those out there that are Fed Up with the way the Dems are doing us in public, and in our homes. It seems like a two edged sword.   Investigation Intensifies as Two More Suspicious Packages Found Targeting Biden, De Niro  
 	No. Do not try to blackpill and claim that on us. No one here is That stupid as to sabotage ourselves this close to the election. Do not paint us as the ones stooping, you either are shilling, or you are just not wording this correctly.  Either or, I don't agree with how you put this idea down, so, enjoy Gab.  
 		oh who cares whether it's a democrat retard or a republican retard, or a russian, or a martian.  whoever has the Iq of a turtle and the morals of a wet fart.  People get hurt doing this shit, excited Le sometimes make the wrong calls, juries get shit wrong, and easily confused people get led astray.  This should be punished with the highest publicity and the lowest tolerance.  It's molesting an entire people, their total system of representation, and to call it terrorism is not strong enough.  the fact that it's bombtard joke 101 does not affect the severity of the crime.  letting the ones who started testing the line tackling congressmen, and antifa or libtards yelling people out of public places scott free are responsible for this as well, and i'd see them all in jail right from day one.  this is what leniency to anarchy creates.  i'd  see the perpetrators shot in public after a fair trial myself.  i wouldn't care if it was joe biden, auntie maxine or newt gingrich behind it. id slam the whole lot from the head to the hands in prison for 50years or shoot them in a blink and sleep like a baby.  the only compassion i'd have if it were a minor, or truly mentally diminished capacity i'd hold then for 20 years minimum, and see how retarded you have to be to understand shit like that is a nono.  if you can sign a welfare check or take an oath of office, or work for the gov't, walk and chew gum, attend college, get laid, phhhffft, whatever see you never. 
 sotomayor is a fat spic that probably has diabetes. breyer and ginsburg are both old as fuck and will probably have strokes soon. I predict by 2020 they all die and we have ted cruz, trey goudy, and alex jones on the supreme court. 
 Islam is Not a religion of peace.   Islam has a history of rape, wars, murder, pedophilia, beheadings, burnings etc.   Islam = Satanism.        
 		fuck off kikesucker faggot 
  
 	Faggot 
 I’d be in favor of opening an investigation into the allegations, absolutely, - Feinstein   
 	and how about all your stealing of tax payers money fucking cunt feinstein 
 Macron living it up with a convicted robber in the Caribbean yesterday! Imagine the derangement of the left if that were Trump? 
 	Nigger loving closeted faggot, f’in gross 
  
 	Filthy fucking cunt Ford is to humanity what syphilis is to romantic love. 
 Bwahahahahahahahahahahaha! Keep rattling their cages, Patriots! 
 	Uh-oh, did her handlers give her the okay to mention Q?  The Hollyweird types have been suspiciously quiet on the whole Qnomenon as a whole, and I haven't heard pretty much any mention since Maher took a shot.  Wonder if she slipped her leash for a second there, or if they're preparing for a bigger propaganda attack? 
 		These Msm faggots be the nutless type faggots tho u feel me? The Glow In The Dark Faggot M F C I A Agent Type FaggotS Tho Ya Feel Me? The MocKing birds indeed.here's Z-bigs darling to tell us what way the winds blowing:   
 Remember kids all states matter even ones called Wisconsin: 
 	why is this stupid old loser cunt talking like it means anything at all? Unelected Pos 
     Second one should be something like:   'Hating slavery because it retarded industrialization.'   
     Second one should be something like:   'Hating slavery because it retarded industrialization.'   
 	 No, and neither are 50+% of whites either. Take who you can get. Just don't count on those you do not know. 
 		 Blacks are 13%. Latinos are 13%-15%. I'm stating that we have a cuck &  retard problem to boot. Screaming about 'the blacks' will not bring anyone to your point of view. Or will it? I'm not preaching civic nationalism as any sort of answer. 
 	Yes I was getting kicked off about every 15 minutes I'd make a post and then I was gone. But I kept signing back on ! 
 		If i respond to a post it says "unable to post comment" then I click post again and it goes through, there is some dirty cunt manipulation going on by those faggots in Silicon Valley for fucking sure mate. 
 He sure doesn't need a weak cunt like you 
 Three Coppers stabbed in North London last night. No description of the perpetrators, but I'm laying bets on names like Jemal, Leroy Winston, Mohammed.    
 	How wonderful, they get to fully experience the "loveliness" that is diversity. Just hope they don't have such a severe case of Stockholm Syndrome that they blame themselves, instead of seeing the gimmegrants for what they really are (a bunch of inbred, freeloading retarded fucks.). 
  
 	Chelsea married Soros nephew.bet granddaddy Bill is already eyeing his granddaughter grooming her for . who knows what.   Bill Clinton and wife hillbilly are truly evil. 
 		 . 
 		And Trunp wants to fuck his own daughter. so. 
 		Curious q.Has she met her real father? I've seen pics of the man who claims to be her father and I must say, she looks a lot like him. 
 		Chelsie Hubble, Webster Hubbles daughter 
 		Chelsie Hubble, Webster Hubbles daughter 
 Hat tip      Jack Dorsey desperately vomits platitudes in recognition that he's fucked.    "Our purpose today, we believe, our superpower, is around conversation. And we believe our purpose is to serve the public conversation. And that does take a stance around freedom of expression and defending freedom of expression as a fundamental human right. Not just one within this country.     "But it also comes with a realization that freedom of expression may adversely impact other fundamental human rights, such as privacy and physical security. So we believe that we can only serve the public conversation, we can only stand for freedom of expression if people feel safe to express themselves in the first place. We can only do that if they feel that they are not being silenced."         Leftists care only about words, so Jack thinks that he's talked his way out of the coming catastrophe.    Here's what's going to happen:    The Democrats will blame the tech moguls for the midterm bloodbath. Leftist pundits all over the country will point to Twitter's blatant double standard and scapegoat Jack for energizing conservatives.    Nobody will change their behavior, so Trump will preside over at least two more Democratic electoral massacres.    Jack Dorsey is not a skilled liar, and he's actually pained by what he's doing. You can see it in he's eyes.    But He Won'T Stop Doing It.    Last night one of the greatest musicians of all time agreed to compose an instrumental piece for me. It's going to be about hate, idiotic rage, and insanity. He's very busy, so there's no date I can give you. But he's Extremely excited about the project.    I hope to persuade Roseanne Barr to take part.    My instinct told me to wait until the artist has the free time to do this. He said that if I went with another musician, he'd understand, but I'm going to stick with him. He's indifferent to the music world turning on him for doing a project that involves Roseanne.    "That's not a factor," he said.    The piece Will be composed, and a live performance Will be videotaped and put on YouTube.    So as you can see, the Jack Dorseys of the world don't matter to me. I forge ahead, and leftists continue to fail.    The musician in question has had his career taken from him multiple times, so he understands Roseanne and me--even though what I lost is nothing in comparison to what Roseanne lost.    A song for Jack Dorsey and All leftists, by Gentle Giant.    Now she sits by the riverside  Watching the waters glide by  With a sigh  And the things she put faith in  Are ripples just waving her by  With a sigh  She sees lovers pass by   With much more than a kiss  Ah this little girl who had everything   Finds she's nothing at all 
 	Dorsey ,twatter's founder is a twat 
 Nigger promoting miscegenation  
 dear dudes with wives/gfs who still support dr. ford,   the question you need to ask yourself is: "would she poison my food?" 
 	Contraceptives? Who said anything about that? Baby killing don't count you demented cunt as contraceptives. 
 James Woods:    Oh, and the spontaneous mob would have to walk 20 miles a day for a hundred consecutive days, without rest, to get here. That’s over three months obviously, and yet I guarantee they will all miraculously appear at our border right at midterm election week.     
 	Do you remember, when Castro emptied the prisons and sent them here. We don't know what lurks in this crowd. 
 		bill clinton took an ill advised break from diddling interns to try to talk shit to the then chinese premier about open immigration and human rights.  the premier looked at him like the fool he was and said without missing a beat, "how many tens of millions do you want to take?"."  clinton at his best a fucking retard 
 	1. Against my better judgment, I'm going to dive into the verbal sewer of "Issac (sic) J. Bailey".   "I felt a vibe similar to the one I had the first time I met Barack Obama, when he was visiting South Carolina during the 2008 Democratic nomination fight."   Translation: Muh color tingles!   Issac wouldn't feel them in the present of a white nonentity.   I wish FaceApp still had its race filter. I'd run Nimrata through the white filter. Here's Obama through the white filter from 4chan. 
 		2. "I thought her [Nimrata Randhawa's] political skill set was that impressive"   Why? What awe-inspiring abilities did "a little-known state legislator" have back in 2010?   No, 'being nonwhite' doesn't count.   No, asserting something does not make it real.   Except in the blank slate brain of an Npc. 
 			3. "But unless she does what Obama did and ignore conventional wisdom, particularly that coming from within her own party, she could miss the opportunity to become this country’s first female president."   To become the 's Based Brown Hillary.   If she ran in 2024 as Trump's successor, the Alt Right would be told to vote for the Aryan Avenger. Her.   The  would be ranting about street****ters one moment and cheering for her the next. Shes /Our Gal/ Now   Maybe Lady Lindsey could be her running mate.   2 Womynz   Republicans R Real Feminists Fam   The Alt Right will make memes superimposing Haley and Graham upon the very Confederate battle flag that Haley removed from South Carolina's capitol.   Coherence has never been a strength of our movement.   But we're working on loyalty.   Bill Mitchell, watch out. 
 				4. "Issac" repeats his ar-duh-cle's title in the body:   "Haley might be the Gop’s best chance to win in 2020"   He then explains his 'reasoning': Blompf's victory was propped up by   1. (you guessed it) muh Russians   So won't Putin's men prop him up again in 2020?   2. "an eleventh-hour intervention from then-Fbi Director James Comey"    How many voters cared? How many voters could even say what Comey did or even simply identify him?   3. unspecified "voter suppression" which he later implies means voter Id.   Cuz I can just wander into whatever voting booth I want in any country but AmeriKKKa and demand a ballot without an Id.   Again, why won't this eeeevil trick work again in 2020? 
 					5. "Issac" sees Nimrata as a good Uniparty hack. Look, she said the bromide!   "Haley has found ways to set herself apart from Trumpon Thursday she said in a speech 'in America, our political opponents are not evil,' a break from Trump-style politics"   They're not even really your opponents.   Kayfabe 
 						6. "Issac" cites this poll:   "Of likely Gop primary or caucus voters in 2020, 52 percent in New Hampshire and 51 percent in Iowa said they would consider casting their vote for the outgoing U.N. ambassador over Trump. None of the nine other potential Republican challengers  whom Applecart declined to name  were able to garner the support of more than 50 percent of the voters surveyed."   How meaningful were the other nine choices?   Who wanted this poll?   "The Applecart poll was commissioned by the advocacy group Defending Democracy Together. Its board includes several prominent conservatives who have been critical of Trump  Weekly Standard editor William Kristol, former New Jersey Gov. Christie Todd Whitman and former U.S. Rep. Bob Inglis of South Carolina."   Shocking   If people who want X pay you to do a poll, you can screen out participants who probably don't favor X.    
 							7. "Issac" asserts,   "Haley is a highly-qualified woman"   Translation: Nimrata is a nonwhite womyn.   "and a member of a minority group"   You can almost see the hearts in "Issac's" eyes. Big brown hearts.   "who shattered the glass ceiling"   Empowered!   "and destroyed racial barriers in a Deep South state"   Is she Ms. Mlk or what? 
 																		It only shows how much America has degenerated that this cunt can walk around in public Anywhere In America after doing that, let alone in South Carolina. 
 Reading From Hey Rube by  Hunter Thompson [Rip]   
 Reading From Hey Rube by  Hunter Thompson [Rip]   
 Breaking: Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder and aggravated battery in connection to the shooting death of African-American teen Laquan McDonald four years ago.       
 	Chicago "din du nuffin" crowd won a victory. The cops have been de-balled. Oh well, let the fuckers kill each other off. To bad the niggly bears aren't better shots.  
 Maryland woman allegedly sets apartment complex on fire because she was 'upset with ex-boyfriend,' officials say    
 		I worked in insurance, had to call Medicare a lot, always got a name of Moesha, Koesha, Loesha etc.  Funny days yet glad they're over!   
 		And You became fluent in Jive right?  Hahahahahahaha 
 		Thought the same thing, she sure is a winner lol. 
 		look at her face that one has 40%European Dna but do you think that mattered for Squat?  It'S PRIMItIVE Man Plan And Simple 
 		look at her face that one has 40%European Dna but do you think that mattered for Squat?  It'S PRIMItIVE Man Plan And Simple 
 		Well I don't think Mormonism is a "American society", it's like a religion or cult within a society.  Mormonism works well in a host nation for a few reasons.  1. Most mormons aren't polygamous. 2. It's not all consuming like Islam (i.e. there are secular and women of other religions to feed on) 
 			while I empathize with your opinion, Mormonism is a religion, a culture, and a society   it is without doubt derived from American civilization even if we describe it as a descendant of American civilization and not a part of America   despite mainstream Mormonism's rejection of polygyny, the fundamentalist branches use polygyny to grow   that's a lesson for us 
 					Ive been that guy with >1 gf/date [note: money isnt a limit]   I understand that makes other men angry   it's not hard to spin plates in this modern (post-1960's) era   but. polygyny (>1 woman marriage) requires women officially share a husband - most wont do that even if facing crushing loneliness   & many women wont share male attention b4 marriage 
 						As with chimps, if someone is hogging too many of them women, the betas will gang up on the alpha and kill him. Personally, I prefer civilization to constant warfare.  Read closely, it isn't good for alphas or betas or the tribe at all:  
 							In Anglo-Saxon common law the criminal element of murdering someone who is fucking your wife (crime of passion) often has diminished punishment. Degeneracy is frowned upon in the west due to the way Aryans evolved. Read Culture of Critique.  
 								[i'm getting a bit tired of "read [insert article]"   tell me whatever you want to say, or move along 
 														I didn't say they were the same, you stupid retard nigger.  I said along the same lines. 
 lol 
 	Nigger Muslim ! 
 they call me a cunt and a muslim, I must be doing something right, my offenses please 
 	 
 	 
 	South Texas Needs To Send Their Civil Engineers To Schools In Germany/Switzerland Rather Than Tijuana  
 	Hilarious  
 	Hilarious  
 Busy little cunt 
 Music-related, or else I wouldn't post these tidbits:    - Bohemian Rhapsody is a great movie, & I'm a massive Queen fan with a few connections to the band;   - 3 out of 5 members of the Nwocr band Inglorious have quit today. 
 		gay marriage. faggot 
 A lot of normies have made the move. Twat is run by Communist Cia. Who wants 2 support that platform? I now use duckduckgo, Gab, & the browser called Brave. No more Fuckerberg. 
 A lot of normies have made the move. Twat is run by Communist Cia. Who wants 2 support that platform? I now use duckduckgo, Gab, & the browser called Brave. No more Fuckerberg. 
 	How about just a free trip home and, like, a PlayStation? 
 	How about just a free trip home and, like, a PlayStation? 
 Stolen Valor! Prosecute the scum. 
 	 
 			Yeah that's a douche, but give the retard credit for not trying the "I Used to support Trump, but now."  Bullshit. Those are the worst ones. Trying to act like they Were with Trump, those are the most pathetic ones! 
 Democrats discovered asking non-citizens to vote in Texas          #1A #2A                         vs      
 	Dems are using the migrants now as their new nigger hordes! Keeping them down on the plantations as well now! Niggers are falling in line and toeing the line too. 
 Provide some hard evidence that faggot Hitler actually gassed Jews? Lol. He was too much of a homo to actually do it. 
 Faggot 
 			Blind in one eye and can't see out of the other 
 				many Jews would have nigjhtmares about that one.lol 
 				many Jews would have nigjhtmares about that one.lol 
 Yeah, the obsessive focus of MAGAtards on the day-to-day, hour-to-hour tweets, politricks & "Bombshells" is not a bit different from the pathetic huffers of nigger jockstap.  Wake me when Crumpf finally starts building the goddamn wall. 
     Lma, looks like they're about to shut down Gab  You can find me on Wrongthink.net and www.Minds.com, under the name Medjumper 
 	You go play elsewhere with Soros and his children. We'll stay here and move on with the Patriots of this Nation making America Great again. 
 		So if they shut it, you'll play as an army of one then? It called a backup plan you twat 
 		So if they shut it, you'll play as an army of one then? It called a backup plan you twat 
 Rt Thomas1774Paine    DeSantis: Florida Will Have Sanctuary Cities if Gillum Becomes Governor     
 	How in the world can people vote for this nigger 
  
 		nigger faggot 
 Sarsour getting patrolled like she's still back in Gaza 
 	Sarsour is a diseased cunt who should not be allowed in public. 
 Breaking News:  All Trump Supporters Will Be Rounded Up In Exactly 6 Months.  Enjoy Your Freedom While You Can 
 	yes they'll just get us all while we're blocking traffic, throwing bricks through windows, killing unborn babies, harboring illegal aliens, harassing people who do not agree with us.  oh wait that's not us. we're too busy working, paying taxes and following the rule of law. our badness 
 		He's a nigger who sucks white cock like Caitlyn 
 Wtf is wrong with these bitches, menstrual blood is disgusting wtf is wrong with you? Omfg get a fucking hobby you sick twat 
 Weird how  has time to criticize Kavanaugh for being divisive but he somehow missed 8 years of Barack Obama 
 	He owns a Liberal Retarded Brain. He is a Canadian. The Blinders of being both of the above.must be crippling. 
 Carl "It Depends On The Child" Benjamin () agrees with @a's stance against loli despite admitting its protected under free speech in Us because its.reasonable? And because of the "current climate".   Yeah, these aren't valid arguments. You are advocating for the ban of something because you don't like it & find it gross while allowing other things some people will dislike/find gross.   This is getting really absurd & everytime Gab doubles down on this they just look worse. I still stand by my argument that it should all be allowed as long as its behind a Nsfw filter with an accurate text description. However to do this Gab would need to fix an issue because the Nsfw filter hides the text And the image instead of just hiding the image.    
 	Will I have to  when I say Nigger from now on? I'm not against it. I just like it when things are clear. 
 Now the Moron pundits on Fox Business are saying that Nikki Haley would be a good running mate for Trump in 2020.   Stupid!  Mike Pence is a great Vp and women don't need visuals to make them change from not voting to voting.   Stop treating us like we are Stupid!   Damn Assholes Used Feminism To Get Votes Now This Bullshit!  Trump won plenty of women and will do so again! 
 		Was early on Varney, can't remember which particular moron it was, I have it on but am busy so not really watching, so sometimes I miss the name.  Check the website, may be there. 
 		Nikki Haley was Israel's best Un defender for every one of the past few years of Israel murdering Palestinians for whatever hair ball reason.  Trump has enough Jews around him, whats one more.  
 	Will she spit up a big green snot ball and spit it in her water ? She has before , that nasty filthy cunt bag  
 Stephen Colbert 'Late Show' writer: 'I'm just glad we ruined Brett Kavanaugh's life'    
 	I couldn't get any farther than the last couple weeks being "hard" on the country and on her. Cunt Hole - Wtf do you think it's been like for the Kavanaugh family whom You People attempted to destroy. That they Persisted and prevailed is in Spite of people like You and the Msm. Hard on You? Wtf Cares. It's going to be a lot harder when Kavanaugh sues for defamation of character, slander and libel. I hate these so-fucking-called stars, their sleazy shows and even Sleazier Whorine Writers. 
 Look! 
 	Wild? Seems about as domesticated as you can get tbh. 
 		At least the faggot part was right! 
 Gosh . that doesn't look gay At All. 
 	That's some fairy gay faggot shit there. 
 Our failure to mobilize and litigate on behalf of our political prisoners is more than merely a moral black eye, it's the kind of failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. 
 		So you and Jason Kessler want back in the bowel Movement? Fine. You are genuine whigger fuktards. By all means whup up the whiggers who are good for nothing else. I certainly can't keep you from fuktardation. At least you take Zog attention away from real "domestic terrorists" which are pretty scarce on the ground. 
 God dammit! Stop stealing my thoughts!   Your great great great great great great black grandfather wouldn't approve. 
 	Nate,Are You A Trick Baby(Hookers Kid By John Or Pimp)Your Sensitive To Nigger Jokes Or A Typical Wannabe National Socialist,Who Watched Romper Stomper,American History X And Think Your An Aryan Warrior,Your An Anonymous Coward Faggot,A Real White Warrior Doesn't Follow A Failed Flawed Political Ideology,He Serves His Folk,His Country,His Heritage  
 Public service announcement. 
 	Sagging is subject to a $500. fine in Kentucky. So, "Sagg it U faggot . 
 	 The Soyboy has puffy-ass nips! 
 		Soy boy is blind and disabled. He is being abused by this foul creature next to him. Fortunately though, he is blind, and has no fucking clue how retarded he looks.  
 im here take back word nigger! its just a word!  look you can be a white nigger so whats the real deal! with niggers? if blacks cant except it then they need heads exams! your more racisist then whites! and you know it! 
 	I muted to! Yes! love it! 
 	These comments are only going to speed up my mute collection, thx 
 	These comments are only going to speed up my mute collection, thx 
 Oct.2.2018   Us ambassador to Nato says it may be necessary to "take out" the new Russian intermediate missiles of the type Iskander, which Russia has tested in Kaliningrad. "Russia is breaking the Inf Agreement on medium-range missiles ," said Kay Bailey Hutchison "If diplomacy doesn't work it may it be necessary to deter", she added. 
 	Russia-China keeps pushing its aggression on Western Europe.   This is not to the benefit of either Russia or the West, but China surely benefits.   Did Putin get played? 
 		More shilling for Israel from our resident fake pro-White. It is not China and Russia being aggressive on the doorstep of Europe it is Israel. And the whole world knows it. 
 			Rarely are ones that speak so consistently on behalf of Jews & Israel found to be genuinely White. If they are they have a retard level of intelligence. Take your pick. it matters not to me. You both find the grave or the exit if Whites are to be saved. 
 Cunt 
 if Gab was filled with 100,000 Corneliuses, it would be at the top of Alexa rankings, a modern marvel, a shining beacon on the internet, surpassing facebook and twatter combined 
 	uh should we tell him or not 
 		nah let him have his fun he isn't harming anyone 
 			lol nigger 
 Bezos Loses $9.1 Billion.   
 	Headline Re-Write: Bezos Is A Cia Cunt 
  House nigger Kanye gets Btfo by some field niggers. 
 Feminism like Islam is evil personified on this world. 
 	I see feminism more like a bunch of fat, ugly women trying to force people to accept their ugliness and fatness cuz they think they are special somehow and lazy as hell too so theyllt blame their problems on the world instead of trying to make some changes in their own lives, and yeah its just as disgusting as Islam 
 				Could not have a decent one in the herd they would force feed her, shave her head and tattoo her ass and tits 
 				Could not have a decent one in the herd they would force feed her, shave her head and tattoo her ass and tits 
 Palo Alto University has removed Christine Blasey's contact info from their faculty contact list.   I'd love to call her to ask for an interview for my new show "Sluts-R-Us" on the Lying Cunt network. 
 So far, we have claims that "explosives" have been sent to:  >Obama  >Soros  >Clinton  >Cnn  >various other Democrats  All right before the Midterm Election.    And we're supposed to believe this? 
 	Hmmm.failed murder attempts.poorly executed.totally retarded and unprofesssional.hmmm.sounds like Antifa false flag! 
 The purple haired pro-abortion dipshit who roundhouse kicked a girl who had a different opinion than him is trying to raise $100,000 on GoFundMe because he lost his job as a hairstylist after the assault.  If you didn't see the video. it's attached. 
 	"fighting the fash"? Deluded with likely unresolved issues from childhood. Also massive violent cunt  
 Do the world a favor and kill yourself.   
 	Do the Tennessee trailer park a favor and kill yourself, you inbred faggot magatard Jew lover. I'm sure you molest the little retarded inbred girls walking around your white nigger southern scum trailer park. 
 This all just so happened to take place in Dws District.Broward County, Fl on Killary's birthday no less!  And he worked in a mail room? What a joke!          1/1024% White!    
 	true that! A brandnew $60,000++ vehicle on a mailroom guy's salary? And Never more than a 'petty thief' per police? And the vehicle windows tricked out like it was done by a professional artist or sign maker!   Obama's Ofa (Organized for Action) is getting sloppier and sloppier 
 		Faggot Democrat ! 
 You cow cunt throw shit in eyes of English people not the British people that European and other evil Islam or Muslim world some need do a Saudi Arabia on her chop her fucking up and throw her in a Barth of acid 
 		Empower uses such big words! Just like a 6th grader!  As much as u talk about sucking dick, it’s apparent that u love doing it!  
 				Am I the only one that feels sorry for a guy who Constantly wants to suck dick  
 					The jew cries as he strikes you! 
 						Do you  have Tourette’s syndrome? You keep repeating yourself! Sad 
 							This jew is harassing me for naming it. Sad! 
 								 Name in your Tourette’s? Take your meds!  
 														Your the one triggered soy boy 
 Gab.com Statement on Us Obscenity Law, Free Expression, and Loli Hentai   The poem Howl was nearly censored under obscenity laws in 1957. If you read it, you’ll note that it truely is a remarkable work of poetry.   In other words, it has artistic value in relation to the Miller Test, the three-prong obscenity test that is the United States Supreme Court's test for determining whether speech or expression can be labeled obscene.   The question of what is obscene and what is not is one of vigorous legal debate. Similar in nature to hate speech, the word obscene can be subjective in nature. The difference is obscenity laws have decades of legal precedent from SCOTUs, whereas hate speech was unanimously ruled as first amendment protected speech by SCOTUs in Matal v Tam (2016.)    Another prominent obscenity test is the Stewart Standard from Jacobellis v. Ohio, 378 U.S. 184 (1964) on what constitutes pornography and obscene content. This has been cited in Gab’s user guidelines since January 2nd 2017.   The Stewart Standard, more popularly described as I know it when I see it, is one of the most known Supreme Court phrases in history. It is a colloquial expression by which a speaker attempts to categorize an observable fact or event, although the category is subjective or lacks clearly defined parameters.  Now the difference between the poem Howl and hentai loli cartoons depicting babies, toddlers, and young children being sexually abused is ultimately all about visual obscenity. You can look at a poem, but not know how to read it. Say Howl was written in some bizarre alien language that no human knew. Would you say it was obscene? Certainly not. If the poem was read in 100 different languages that you did not speak, would you find it obscene? Of course not. Even if you find the poem extremely offensive, have those words seared an image in your brain that can not be unseen?   The same can not be said for loli hentai images that specifically depict what are very obviously infants and young children being sexually abused. The problem with the term loli is that it is very broad. It means different things to different cultures and groups of people. That is why we very specifically describe what we are referring to.   You can show that content to anyone of any language from any background at any time in history and they would have an instant reaction. That reaction would be overwhelming negative and very few if any would find artistic value in the content.   While porn itself would evoke a similar reaction, when the content in question very obviously depicts babies, toddlers, and very young children: under the Miller Test and the Steward Standard it would likely be deemed obscene by SCOTUs and most certainly by the average person.   Multiple Us states agree that it is indeed obscene and illegal. Under federal law 18 UsC 1466A loli hentai is a legal grey area.   Gab’s policy is to follow all applicable laws in The United States of America, the Constitution and the Supreme Court’s rulings on the First Amendment. We use the Court’s rulings, precedents and judgments as our guiding principles for protecting and empowering free speech and expression.   This is why we do not allow loli hentai images that specifically depict what are very obviously infants, babies, toddlers, and young children being sexually abused. 
 	Nonsense. It's disgusting faggot shit and Ginsburg should have been jailed for trying to publish it. 
 faggot nigger 
 Talcum X is so mad about Chad Kelly right now, but he hasn’t said a word about the nigger who murdered a college track star last night. 
 Bring back national service, Get Some Nuts! 
 	That cunt was on the Empire Strikes Back. 
     You boast about having a 193-page Pdf outlining a doable plan, But on the Cover you have the Chi Rho symbol, which suggests that your plan is very much .   Is that really a good idea? 
 	   And as if a Chi Rho symbol on the cover of your 193-page Pdf wasn't enough, you also have This on the page before the last one.  Clearly you are greatly fond of .  Do you think that is the way to go? Making your plan a  one? 
 		It is a perfect Idea. If you had mind you cunt you would Read rather than using Pharisee logic. My plan is Superior to your larp every day all day. That is a cold fact. 
 4/ Or specifically with the white supremacists who find the Npc meme awesome, how is "diversity is our strength" any different from "love your race"?  It's like two sides of the retard coin.  (Or actually the same side, since white supremacy and white nationalism originated from the Democrat party, which they hate to acknowledge.) 
 	Do you realize the founding fathers were white nationalists? Citizenship was for whites only. Btw, they also kept negroes chained up out back.   Your boomer logic has no basis in reality, turn off Rush and try reading a book published prior to 1965 
 		Cool story, I see you learned history from the back of a cereal box, like the other white supremacists. 
 			Okay retard lmao  
 This American woman is facing prison in the Fascist state that is Britain.   Her crime? She hoped someone would "have a gay day".  Gays are happy to put Christians out of business.  But straight people must shut up and just accept they are third class citizens.   I never thought I'd see this day.    
 		What a loon.   I've been on Gab for 2 years. Never seen this once.  In fact, I'm glad to say I've never seen any porn on Gab. 
 			The anti Nazi crowd post retarded gay porn on Minds and I've seen some here, you just mute and move on 
 "Tree fell down in my street, my neighbor decided to create this masterpiece."    
 		Actually I'm only reading every so often. You are getting your panties in a twist over being called a nigger so I just keep coming back to call you a nigger, nigger.  
 	She already testified (testa-lied) in public 
 		Just my point. They want to claim that the Fbi report "corroborates" her public claims, when all it will be is a report of what she happens to tell the Fbi. 
 		It’s another game - so she don’t get arrested  
 		It’s another game - so she don’t get arrested  
 Awww. nazi faggot fags out :( , just like        
 The Lost Soul Arts of Demon's Souls  via  
 		shut up nigger 
  
 	To islands off the mainland until they can be returned to the Un or Soros would be more acceptable. Frankly they can keep them in the cities, it's their retarded idea to accept them. 
 Imagined that twat says. Hell of a lot of "imagined" convictions so far. 
 Subject: Obama rated Fifth Best President according to A&M Study  Texas A&M Study Calls Obama 5th Best President in Us History.     Good research work by a fine institution!   From a total of 44 Us Presidents: Obama is rated as the fifth best.   The A&M's Public Relations Office released this statement "After almost eight years in office, Americans have rated President Obama the fifth best President ever."   These are the details according to Texas A&M:   1. Reagan & Lincoln tied for first,   2. Twenty three presidents tied for second,   3. Seventeen other presidents tied for third,   4. Jimmy Carter came in fourth, and   5. Obama came in fifth. 
 		Yes, I agree completely.  BathHouse Barry, The Manchurian Puppet and Muzzie  (I stuttered ). 
 Cunt 
 fuck off religious faggot 
  
 	not saying im civilized but you take it home in that thing then when you get home you put it in a covered Cake dish . I know right this coming from a Hillbilly  
 	not saying im civilized but you take it home in that thing then when you get home you put it in a covered Cake dish . I know right this coming from a Hillbilly  
 Nra=National Racist Association. Add in anti-Semitic and you've got about half the Trump coalition. Nothing lower on the Planet Earth than the racists, homophobes, anti-Semites and Muslim bashers, phony poor-hating "Christians", sexual predators, Republican pedophiles, and other low life liars liars liars who support Trump. 
 	Hey I'd rather be a racist nazi curb stomping nigger kikes than a communist nigger. 
 	ok, after reading this i decided to unmute you 
 		Yay! Thank you! 
 		Yay! Thank you! 
 There are cretins in the world, there are morons too, then there is Mmapula 
 	Stupid cunt didn't win the Iq auction either!  
     I am a trans cunt who sucks zog cock   I am at oxbridge   yes its me human excrement       who are these bastards   bet its  boy who killed peaches for geldof 
 	My vote is that I hate jews. 
 		That just shows how many ignorant haters are reading the thread. Your hatred has made you dead to Christ. Repent confess Christ be born again. Father remove the rockin this haters chest and give a heart of flesh. I pray you would save these slaves of Satan unableto discern the blackness into which they have fallen 
 			I don't worship Satan any more than Christ was a jew. Your prayer is blasphemy, and I am closer to what Christ wanted than you are.   Jews worship the one you call Satan, and you lap up their shit. 
 					Jesus was a Savior, and told jews they were children of Satan.   You should read your Bible. 
 						I have forgotten more about the bible than you will probably ever know.   Jesus did not say Jews were the children of satan. He told a small sub group they were. I suggest you take your own advice and learn what you are talking about before speaking. 
 								We Americans prefer killing Nazis.and Nobody does it better! 
 															Precedent and motive. 
 This retard trump goes along with every obvious false flag their is. What a prick 
  
 	Another muzzie incest slut. 
  
 		I dare you to say that again - a woman!  That is not a woman and you bloody well know that! 
 			Agreed.  That is a female - but not a woman. 
 			Agreed.  That is a female - but not a woman. 
 We have throughly documented Twitter's inaction regarding violent far-left extremist groups here:     
 	Well ffs, another faggot talking about twitter . who has a twatter account and routinely posts twits!  Stop fucking using thier service. Just .  Every twit you send makes them stronger. 
 Whoa if true!  
 	Oh for piss sake! Nigger pleaaase! It's amazing that two years passed and you piss ants keep crying. Get a life and move on.You Lost! 
 Never end on conflict  
 	For now, we need *pro-white* leaders, not *not-pro-IsraHell*.  One nigger at a time, as it were. 
 	breaking news to gab Nazi . the war is over and you lost . go back home to Germany . 
 		 
 			Every Fb/Twitter alternative seems to have its racists rampant.why is that?  Fb/Twitter must be the havens of the politically correct.  
 				No, racist is a very common word referring to those who would make distinctions, etc. based on the False, Illogical concept of "race".  There's no such thing, folks.  Refer to science.  
 					Then why are there Dna tests? Why is there affirmative action? Why are there separate Iq tests based upon race?    Jew is a race. Germans knew. 
 						No, "race" is found after many many iterations of Dna sampling to be a false construct.  Sorry, gal.  
 							You need to show me citations on that, because as a physical anthropologist, I can tell you, you're fucking talking out your ass. 
 									at least I ain't a nigger.smart ass nigger lover.Lol 
 Justice Kavanaugh’s first cases will involve guns & immigrant detention.    
 	Better he paid us and be the "fascist monster" the Media sold us. And not try to "show the other side that he is really just a mderate". Cause he has a "full female team" just cause "muh, feminism, I respect wymyn". And he thinks that give him points. We need Judge Dredd, please, not another Kennedy in process. Harder than the nigger Thomas, please 
 I'M Sorry, I Want My Country Back. This Isnt What We Granted When We Granted Marriage To Gays. He Doesnt Have A Right To Do This.Its Disgusting, WHeRES My RightS Not To Traumatse Children Walking With THeIR Parents? 
 	I would kick that stupid faggot in his ass so hard they would need a surgeon to remove it. Pull that shit in front of my children.  
 Here's the truth! Homosexuality is the result of the soul being reincarnated into the same gender too much! There is a balance to everything! They fill like they are in the wrong body because their soul has spent way more time in a certain  gender! Our lives on earth are suppose to be geared toward ascending! Love and Light! 
 	All of you are Retarded Faggots 
 					Well Robert, looks like this is the end for both of our accounts/Gab. You were a retarded cunt the entire time. And you are a Jew boy. 
 		He started backing up. Woman was not stopping to let him swing out so he paused to let her go by. 
 		Like I said, this whole thing was fucking stupid.  I'd do exactly what I said I'd do it my previous post because I was raised to have common courtesy.   I'm,  also,  not stupid enough to get into a fistfight with a man. First of all,  I'm a lady and secondly I'd get my ass kicked.  The Only time I'd hit back is if some cowardly,  soyboy thug suckerpunched or kicked me.  I'd probably still lose but, the asshole would definitely be hurting.  Note to soyboy Antifa thugs; my aim is exceptional.   
 	Nicht lange fragen. Zuschlagen ist die Devise. Die Nigger haben das kapiert.  
 what? 
 	Makes them look like a massive cunt . 
 	Fuck off you faggot boomer 
 Sign the petition to end social media censorship.   I'll make a video about this tomorrow:        
 		Patrick Little LARPs as me, gets Btfo:  
 			You are the faggot Npc that everyone hates. 
 Make this cocksucking nigger go away!  
 We at Gab love our vets and I’m proud to introduce a new Gabber who is a Navy veteran   Thank you for your service,      cc ,  ,  , , , , , , . , , , , , ,  , , ,   ,  
 	Welcome Tommy Hillbilly  
 	Welcome Tommy Hillbilly  
  
 	everyone knows that faggot is a coked up queer. He Married a fucking shemale. 
 One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post 
 Look at the "resistance" ladies & gentlemen. Jfc what kind of soy faggot cuckery are they practicing?    
 	Prove us wrong. You can't and you won't, because we are right. But like any leftist, you'll cry about the truth and dig in your heels and name call.  
 		You are a loser. Loser. Keep being a Bitch or Win . Simple Choice really. You are a Cunt who uses words -- you will be ass fucked in Prison because you are Bitch.  
  
 	Fuck that whore Feinstein lying cunt  
 Reminder   The Snitch recently told me the names of all of Nashville Antifa and much of Tennessee Antifa. I've also been given the names of an even bigger Antifa collective which I am currently verifying before release 
 	Dog mom? I thought single dyke commie whores only got cats.  
 The Hillbilly Moon Explosion - Call Me    
 The Hillbilly Moon Explosion - Call Me    
 Cunt 
 Nancy Pelosi has dementia.          
 	So do a whole host of other Democrats !   Diane Feinstein !   Mad Maxine Waters !   Everyone on the Nigger Caucus !   Pedophile Joe Biden !   Trannie Michelle Mooch Obama ! (Michael)  !   Every Single Female Demoncrap !   They All Hate America !   They Love Killing The Unborn And Love Illegal Aliens Before Usa Citizens ! 
 Meet Caitie McCaffrey, a Microsoft lead employee and a Services Architect for Azure - the cloud hosting service that threatened to kick off Gab not too long ago.   Is it becoming more clear why Big Tech has been trying to silence us? Their ranks are filled with hysterical and unstable Leftists who live in an alternate reality. 
 	i wonder how many nigger cocks have been in her or how many dyke pussies she has eaten.probably loads! 
 'People who view themselves as victims tend to get away with more than others." Perfect line which applies equally to the kike and the nigger ape. 
 The average nigger has an Iq of 85.   
 All the boomer whigger tards I work with were telling me Trump made the market great again. 
    Slug   ramones 
 	faggot 
            Interesting Site - the truth inverted/the enemy's narrative.   As a Transparently int'l party, how does communism not automatically equate to treason.    
 	The Communist Party in Australia goes under many names eg. The Australian Labor Party, The Greens,The Australian Council of Trade Unions,GetUp, and most of the various "Christian Churches"have Communist Party operatives working within them to further the goals of Communism 
 		Comrade is a normal greeting among Actu Officials and hard core members Nsw Fire Brigade is a prime example go to their web site and read some of the crao the Union goes on with every Communist program under the sun gets top priority by their leader Casey fiull blown Marxist Cunt 
 Nobody with a sense of dignity would ever take this part .   Fuck off, Matt - Your commie color is showing 
 	he is a fuckin cunt 
 Video evidence and a confession, these two should be swinging from a rope.    
 	you can take the nigger out of Africa.but you can't take the Africa out of the nigger! 
 The Company Shutting Down Gab  Email sales@joyent.com  Main Office +1 415.400.0600  Sales +1 855 4 Joyent (+1 855.456.9368) 
 	Gab deserves to be shut down for a while. The anti-semites, race-baiters, white supremicists, and bat-shit crazy conspiracy theorists need a time out like the children they are.  Hopefully, when it returns, Gab will have found a better way to handle vile extremists. 
 		This guy was a regular poster on the trs forum 
 			Free speech is just that . let the retard have his platform 
  
 	Actually there you piss and faggot piece of libtarded shit it's Fuck You and FuckYou For Being A Communist Cunt Piece Of Shit! 
  
 	Oh yeah? Your 40% nigger regiment are to be trusted when the op is stop your relatives from entering your store?    Gimme a fucking break redditard.   That's like having the Fbi investigate Fbi corruption. 
 Seems loud and clear to me: 
 	Lol. Poor socially diseased Steven. What a lonely & pointless life. And anyone who disagrees is a racist & bigot & twat &.oops better run some ppl in white coats are. 
 the same people who say it was her turn 
 	I don't know what is worse - people making such retarded arguments or me loosing two points of Iq just by reading them. 
 How far we have come.  Smh  Forget that.  More like how low can we go Democrats?  So low in fact rock bottom now has a basement. 
 	Mossad w Cia Killed Jfk 
 		Just an observation faggot 
 Facebook  The Cia owns Facebook. Facebook is one of the social networking sites that were created to create dossiers aka databases on us all .     Provided by two women, Pat Aiken in Washington state and Melissa in Oregon     @Infidellegion@RedIceTVYouTube @NickGriffin@HolocaustLiesExposed@jlampre @Annie53annette@sashashepto@Stratmouse @smoccia10 @Escoffier@EyesBlue71 @BritainFirst@BrotherNathanael@TomKawczynski @gmseed@FrankGoneMad@Fabian_Nazism@Infidellegion@GuerrillaDemocracyNews@SeanMaguire@theunhivedmind@The_West_Is_The_Best@RentonMagaUK  @WilliamHenwood@TruthWillOut@jacqueline-64  @RedPillClobber@TrumpTrain @Crazydoglady11@seanright                                 
 	The Cia Program was "Lifelong".  They shut it down when they learned of Facebook, which stole technology from another company in Ohio, which is where Zucktard was from.  Sheryl Sandberg is a member of the Senior Exec Service and has been a Cia tool at times.  I think she runs the show, not Zucktard. 
 		Sheryl Sandberg Is Much Too Much Of A Stupid JEWIsH Cunt To Do Anything On Her Own! 
 fucking stupid beaner commie cunt    
 Everything You Need to Know about Comey and his History, by /pol/ Anon -> Hsbc?   Donald/comments/6ggy2l/ everything_you_need_to_know_ about_comey_and_his/ 
 		Go watch your dad finger your little sister 
 White women matter, disgusting mudsharks do not lol. Cunt got what she deserved.  
 Cohen has been compromised . I wouldn't believe a single allegation out of his mouth - he thinks that if he changes sides he will be safe . Lmao - He is officially on suicide watch. 
 	A jew and a democrat!  A patented Retarded Liar! 
 Do It Prez ! 
 		Was that Poppy Bush, the baby raper, or Baby Bush, the raped baby? Either way, President Donald John Trump is Not like either one of those Hellbound loser faggot motherfuckers! 
 	I love all kinds of jokes. Nigger jokes, rape jokes, dead baby jokes, bathroom humor. Part of what makes them funny is the naughty aspect.  
 	I love all kinds of jokes. Nigger jokes, rape jokes, dead baby jokes, bathroom humor. Part of what makes them funny is the naughty aspect.  
  
 	Here's the sand nigger edition 
 The Tory party and Labour party are total finish in this cunt when get to vote in 2020 vote for Ukip not the two party own by the fucking france Rothschild s family for god fucking sake 
 The Tory party and Labour party are total finish in this cunt when get to vote in 2020 vote for Ukip not the two party own by the fucking france Rothschild s family for god fucking sake 
 Breaking: Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker  With Lawyer’s Response to Gateway Pundit   
 		Yes, He Is. 
 Did you know   Poop Dog   is a muzzie too 
 	I didn't know you were a nigger . lol 
 		Aren't they all? Unless they're in a pack that is. 
 			Good point. 
 			Good point. 
 The Nazis lost. They are Losers.   The damn Nazis are the enemy.   You Nazis are as bad as the demonrats since you are Both anti-Trump and socialists! :roll: 
 		Well, the Us (we) also had to fight Japan and you Nazis had Italy's help.   Look Nazi, if you don't want to be a debt slave you will need to create a separate country or defeat the debt-based slavery system but you Nazis are impotent losers and therefore too weak to do any of that. :roll: 
 			Lol, ok  
 			Lol, ok  
 It appears that there are a great many haters here. And how they justify their outrageous, out-in-space opinions is beyond me.   And I heard that this latest shooter in Pittsburgh is affiliated with this site.   So I'm here to check Gab out. Bring it. 
 	There are anti-semites on Gab. They are mostly Islamic operatives who want to see all Jewish people destroyed because that is what is commanded in the Koran.  They pretend to be Nazis to wind up the few Nazi morons on Gab. Gab is about free speech. You can get on here and counter any argument or statements that you disagree with.  
 		So I can become a liberal retard like you? 
 Lou Reed - Walk on the Wild Side       
 		 - correct- definitely a faggot 
 Former Vice President Joe Biden says he's concerned that President Trump "seems to have a love affair with autocrats." 
 		Lets see, their are two choices. Chester the molester Biden, or Cunt brain Gonorrhea Harris.both would be fun to destroy!  
 a night on the piss, muzzie style. 
 * * * False Flag Event * * *    Okay, how stupid do people think us gabbers are? First 'fake bombs' and now a white moose! This is just another ploy by the 'Ds' to bring Trump down!    Just because this moose is snow-white, we all know its just another dirty trick!    "You can put white paint on a moose, its still just a moose wearin white paint!                                   
 	Albino animals, including moose, are real. Its a genetic defect i wouldn't brag about being Albino, that's like calling your self a nazi .its a retard gene 
  
 	two nigger friuts 
 Not So Fast, Blue Wave  
 	So what is your suggestion? Beside Trump remorse because he hasn't cleared out the entrenched deep state govt machine filled with lifer govt employees in his 1st 1-1/2? And dismantled Congress & the Courts & turned the Us into a white utopia already. What exactly is your suggestion? What magic wand should we wave. Please do tell? 
 		Not sure what other people are doing but I am sitting out the midterms. I'm not going to vote to reelect the Gop Congress which condemned us exclusively for Charlottesville 
 				Lol   I was wondering when the Mpc cult was going to show up in my mentions 
 					Q has a guy do a standoff at nv bridge and Alex jonesenstein . Crickets.  Some of us WNs steal Q away from that faggot microchip and start waking them to the jq . Boom instant secret service.  It's not cuz we are feds, it's because we have their attention. 
 Yes I no understanding you retared fucknuts.me need more retarded dictionary. tanks . now I live real American life. tanks b to gawd 
 If we could only mute all celebrities. 
 	One man can. 
 		Cunt 
 Nigger is a word .words belong to no one . If a word can ruin your day you're going to have a miserable life . 
  chooses eternity in hell.   Bono wants  and the  to join forces against  and the  and take over the world    
 	Bono is the epitome of a self important twat who thinks we care what he has to say. 
 	Bono is the epitome of a self important twat who thinks we care what he has to say. 
  
 	Also admits she's a nigger 
 The great meme war of 2018 
 	When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
    Police hunting for nigger perp who attacked a white man in a New York pizzeria | Daily Mail Online    
 	Here it is, slowly white washing the lord. Hahahaha aaaahahaha  He was a child helpless he was the victim  Holy cow you, his followers, never tire Soros is an existential threat to Western civilisation.  
 			Oh yes and I'm the king of patagonya   Stop this soft mushy tricky comeback   It ain't gonna work .   It's out in the open.    Bye dyke . 
 				Lots of creepy manboys on here. 
 					One more time and you're muted.   Go get your fix. Slave girl 
 						Mute!  Mute like the wind! 
 							bwahhhh, . he acts like thats a threat.  
 							After I'm done exposing you, slave girl   At my will on my terms  
 						Be mad at the facts not the person relaying them. 
 		Teresa Sue Klein is very likely at least partly Jew.   You have a meeting of two bad stereotypes: the uncivilized nigger and the inordinately complaining Jew. You have to decide which tendency is more relevant to explaining what happened in this instance. 
 <= Would you please evaluate this video of DiFi - purportedly after she read the latest  report on .  At the very end is she crying as she turns away?   From a thread by     ;) 
 	They all are insane - faux poco is a distasteful disaster. Schumer a twat . Harris a wannabe and Occy should have stuck to serving tables. Whoever chose new Dems needs to have a brainwash. 
     Samhain - Initium (1984) Full Album   720p Hd 
 	this looks to stupid to watch so I wont 
 		nah the faggot used tampons on the front was enough for me. you should get acquainted with a big black nigger up your ass holster  
 Trump feeds us dogshit and tells us it's ice cream    
 	Trump assumes that you have at least a small bit of intelligence to know that deisel engines are different from gasoline engines ( virtually all tractors run on deisel). 
 		If you had at least a small bit of intelligence you would have seen that the link provided gave details on how they can run diesel engines with up to 57% ethanol. You Do know that diesels run on many fuels? Rudolf used peanut oil. Retard muted 
 		If you had at least a small bit of intelligence you would have seen that the link provided gave details on how they can run diesel engines with up to 57% ethanol. You Do know that diesels run on many fuels? Rudolf used peanut oil. Retard muted 
  
 	nigger gear. 
 Prince Harry says he hopes that royal baby is a girl.      
 	harry and his nigger 
 	I can prove that's a lie. If he was a faggot the left would love him. Right tranny bitch? 
 One less nigger lover. 
 Fox Hosts in Fiery Duel: Shepard Smith Called Out By Chris Wallace For Blaming President Trump For Mail Bomber (Video)    
 	Two retarded liberals duel ? Sounds dumb. I am sure they coverered the fine points. 
 Avi, I take my hat off to you for going there.   Speakers Corner is no longer free, it's controlled by the Mcb.    
 	The twat following Avi around is called Rat-Boy, apparently? Need say no more. 
 		He is also called "Omar" I believe. 
 		oh is that the infamous ratboy ? Threatening behaviour or what .Where is the council Asbo team ? 
 		oh is that the infamous ratboy ? Threatening behaviour or what .Where is the council Asbo team ? 
 That’s because Obama is a full-fledged Muslim faggot 
 Retarded Inbred 
 Muslim admits her faith is no comfort whatsoever: 
 	She would feel safer and happier in her homeland with her people. 
 		Sand nigger begging for dollars from stupid white people who will give it to her. 
 As requested, I am posting my alternate channels here. You can find me on Bitchute and Minds .  I'm on the Gab.ai backup channel but, I'm not sure if that will still be up on Monday. 
 	How does an old geezer like me find the Gab.ai backuo channel? 
 		try typing in backupgab.ai   I got in but too dumb to explain it.  You'll get there  Sorry I am such a useless twat head 
 		try typing in backupgab.ai   I got in but too dumb to explain it.  You'll get there  Sorry I am such a useless twat head 
 Logics retarded cousin 
 	relax i dont actually watch cnn, they have like 10 people watching that trash haha 
 	relax i dont actually watch cnn, they have like 10 people watching that trash haha 
  
 		Prairie Jew 
 		Can you screw good? 
 		 
 		 
 		Fuck yes! 
 		Fuck yes! 
 This is the nigger she was voluntarily fucking at the time. This dumb skank probably enjoyed every minute of her gang raping. The more black cock the better. At least they killed her for us so she couldn't pop a groid out of the demon portal she called a vagina. Fathers: don't let your daughters be feminists, marry them young, make them afraid.  
 Time To  
 	What the fuck are you talking about?   Ive been to my ruby tuesday in trump shirt and maga hat idk how many times. Not only do they serve us, but they love us. We are treated as VIPs there.   Where the fuck are you getting this nonsense from? 
 		The world doesn't revolve around you.you can't even imagine that at one of their restaurants this could happen? Really? 
 				Boycott fucking everything. Either support conservative businesses, or make your own from supplies bought from conservative businesses. 
 							No u   I stopped caring the moment I posted the original post. I just wanted to see how far you'd go 
 								I don't even know what you're talking about. I made a reasonable comment on your post and you went psychotic. Can't make sense out of you. 
 									Hello welcome to the world of weaponized autism   I am it and you lost 
 										Whatever. Not here to waste time with lunatics. 
 											I only love to harass them if they are clearly paid shills/trolls etc with the purpose of spewing a fake narrative, causing division, agitating users etc. I don't know if this is just a random lunatic. 
 												guess you'll never know huh? 
 													I don't Gaf. I just don't want to have to bother with you. 
 														best mute me before I  your retarded ass tehn lol 
 														best mute me before I  your retarded ass tehn lol 
 And call caps because you aint but a little man slave found a nigger game. You go stir up every last bit of pit from whale.to you want loonie. 
 	"oh cool a white guy made something i want it you're a racist you're a sexist gibsmedat." 
 	You know where this is going. 
 	I havent watched this much since Tom Baker had the role,the last true doctor who,i will never watch it now. 
 	I havent watched this much since Tom Baker had the role,the last true doctor who,i will never watch it now. 
 More information to come. Local 80's arcade tournaments will begin tomorrow morning. Some will be original arcade coin-ops and others will be Mame systems using Raspberry Pi computers. Looking to buy 1984 Reagan/Bush campaign prints to help set the 80's mood and to honor a great president. Trying to get a live webcam set up for tomorrow if possible. 
 	Would you please post the 1984 posters at me if you find them? I'd like a look. 
 		You have more optimism than I do. It's not just the Left that's retarded here, it's the normies as well! And we are overrun by normies. 
  
 	 Nigger 
 Anti-Semites can suck it!  Anti-Israel twat bags can also suck it.  That jerk off who bombed the Temple where people where worshipping God can suck it.  Also I really do hope that asshole Bowers recovers from his bullet wounds So they can at some point in the near future give him some lethal injection! 
 Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol   NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
 			Nah, I did too. I fucking dont like this cucky faggot but even though his updated pic looks like he's not allowed to celebrate Halloween, I dont think he would diddle kids. maybe 
 You guys got the dildo memes from then? From Austin? Those were, colorful. 
 	We have to go non-violent, organized violence isn't going to solve anything, it didn't solve anything in the past. It's just going to make things worse. Unless shit really hits the fan, violence isn't going to accomplish anything. 
 		We are honorable, they are not. But virtue is a poor substitute for courage.  This event (today's), just signals a increase in tension.  Idk what's wrong w saying I didn't do it, but I'm glad it's happening. The ppl that are condeming whites to death by nigger have enjoyed security for far too long. 
 Like I said, racist. After all, you chose the one female that would increase your status amongst your peers, a White blonde. That is racism in the extreme. You don't see me going after Nigger bitches. 
 		Reminds me of Chong in Up In Smoke firing up his Harley & blowing the exhaust out the window onto his neighbor’s flowers.  
 		Love those ideas. I don’t have neighbors. Better option. 
 		My roommate "accidentally" discharged a firearm the night after the neighbors threw a loud party that lasted until 3am. Funny thing is the cunts moved out soon after.  
 	I So relate - 8:30 here. Rude!  
 	I'm in Az, My neighbors starst at 6 am. its just something you get use to, but in his defense.Working all week, the sooner you get the jobs done the sooner your day off begins.Try using something that creates white noise, like a fan, to quiet the outside noise.  
 		I found this to cover up the loud street racers some so I could sleep:   
 	faggots need to be reminded they're faggots least they forget 
 Oh nooooooo! We're done for  the  are     Talk about adding volume to the             #q     
 	 That cunt is like a bad hemorrhoid. Gets in your backside, itchy as all hell, stinks to high heaven. 
 		Thats a good analogy. Shes also full of blood like a hemmorhoid   
 		Also  thanks for the follow  
 		 
 		Full of blood and covered in shit. 
 		Yup  
 		Yup  
 You can call them peanut butter that don't mean jack shit. They are humans and human is the only race. 
 	go live in a neighborhood filled with niggers & get back to us (if ur not ded)   faggot 
 How many are tired of the mindless shit being thrown out about Boomers?    Raise your hand.    Hahaha these kids are cute though, aren't they, even if they do need a good trip to the wood shed. 
 	Just had a vicious attack myself, Dale!  All of his virulent explosive accusations are damned lies! 
 		It's a muzzie troll 
 This particular charade is over for now.    
 	How magnanimous of the perjury committing, lying, memory impaired, cunt  
  
 	When the fuck did Trump give up his billionaire lifestyle? Did he divest himself from his companies (as any ethical president should)? No.   Has he visited his private properties in Manhattan, Mar A Lago, and elsewhere several hundred times? Yes.   Is he still raking in profits by charging the Secret Service for food and lodging at his private resorts? Yes. 
 		I suppose there'd be more scrutiny if he just bones random hos. The man is 72 though, he might just not be prioritizing that so much right now. 
 				Yeah, totally pointless. Liberal tears would be fine if they were caused by meaningful improvements in the political power of Whites, rather than meaningless tweets. but he won't even support people doing volunteer crowd control at his own events!  
 					All Trump needed was a tweet to improve the poll #s of someone like Kelli Ward, let alone a rally. He did none of that. The cucks won the primaries.   Even legislatively, there were things he could have accomplished just by threatening the cucks in congress ("you don't want to go down like Eric Cantor, do you"?). Nope. He just capitulated without negotiating. 
 						Makes the logic of the people who say 'Trust Trump, he just needs the right people in Congress' and 'Keep it to the primaries, you absolutely must turn out for the cuck in the general' a little incongruent, doesn't it, when their object of worship refuses to even support candidates who agree with his ostensible agenda? 
 							From everything we know about Trump's character, the man is a clueless moron driven by largely by impulse and emotion.   He only stays on course when there is severe opposition from his base. What happened during the election when he told Hannity he was softening on amnesty? Even Ann Coulter had a meltdown. He went back to his original position immediately. 
 								Amren.   Anything positive he achieves by the end of his presidency will be owed to Ann far more than Trump or any of his godawful appointees. 
 									Our nation might be saved if we could get Trump replaced with a Tucker/Coulter Administration.  
 								At the debate when he was softening on H1B's his base & the alt-right went berserk. Those were the days when it was effective. Now they just lick his balls and say support everything he does because there is no alternative. 
 						Trump not supporting Ward in 2016 was a warning sign.   I was puzzled by his behavior then.   Not anymore. 
 						Trump not supporting Ward in 2016 was a warning sign.   I was puzzled by his behavior then.   Not anymore. 
 Italy: 'Italian populists sue black politician for calling their anti-immigrant party racist'   
 	In minecraft, strategic car bombs would accentuate the preferred course, I think. Two or three dead nigger "politicians" is all it would take for us to see an exodus. 
 	Wait! Who said they hate Gen X? 
 		Everyone hates GenX. 
 				>user names booli   lol. Low tier gabby gets upset at user names 
 				>user names booli   lol. Low tier gabby gets upset at user names 
  
 	Bacon 
 			A kind of meat ball with gravy  
 			A kind of meat ball with gravy  
 		Since the White man is the target of the queers, globalists, jews and other assorted hellish freaks we know the White man is the savior of the world.  We love the White man.  
 		Fuck every man that bullies Lgbtq people. But.But isn't that what Lgbtq are doing? Fucking other men like bullies would? 
 		Wow  should be gassed sooner than later. 
 		But it's okay to discriminate against white people and bully straight people?  That's his message? Also, when did Trump do any of this? This passes for logic now. Spew one line platitudes with no evidence and virtue signal what a great person you think you are. 
 		I always ask if they pay taxes. When they answer yes, I thank them for supporting President Trump.  
 		Trump is unfortunately not that cool.  
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 		So, you’re really this stupid?  Lmfao!  I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 																		I’m a redneck and if I have my way, people like yourself will not survive a breakdown in our society.  I know a lot of rednecks that think the same.   
  
 		Ditto 
 		Ditto 
     Dedicated to the Npc  seeing it enjoys adding to the posts.   This is an another Oz Rock group which gained a degree of notoriety with this song.   The Angels - Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again    
 	kangaroo fucking hippy cunt 
 	Great question. We know the answer. 
 		Until y'all are able to own a weapon other night than a plastic spork. And until your Parliament and worthless Pm develop some cajones, you are owned by that muzzie filth. 
 			It surely does. I've worked on a friend & her kids, for 2 years who is actually entitled to emmigrate to the Us from England who won't budge? I'm stunned at that kind of stupidity and have given up. All she needed to do was make an appointment with the embassy to get their stamp. 
 			Pssst. Daughter is one of those harrassed and literally attacked white girls .even more stunning. 
 			Pssst. Daughter is one of those harrassed and literally attacked white girls .even more stunning. 
 euro had to fight 100s of horrible wars for territory over 1000s of years while having nose to grind stone 24/7/365 building / inventing / creating cultures to survive on earth only  to be back stabbed by a bunch of stupid spiritless vicious lazy nigger monkeys , who made zero out of life those 1000s years , with their life on earth made by us . 
 @a is a real life pedo 
 		Hello 
 				shove it up your ass you shotacon  
 The bookies have  as favourite to become the next prime minister. If it happens, it will be because we didn’t know what we were voting for. We’ll need an immediate People’s Vote to get rid of him.    
 	I hope the cunt wins. 
 You are on the retard juice buddy. The line is Trump encourages an atmosphere of violence. He is no more or less an Israel cuck than any other over the last century (derr he is the greatest cuck He Hasnt Sent Millions Of Americans To Die For Jews Yet You Peace Of Shit Like OTHeRS Have), No One is saying Trump isn't pro-Jew, but it is your claims that are hyperbole. 
 		Big time. 
 		Big time. 
 All the Fonda's were liberal rags! The retarded children just took it steps further! 
 My very first post on Gab! Facebook I'm phasing you out. 
 	Welcome to Gab!  You just have to be wary of the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches on here. Just Mute them without responding. Eventually, they disappear. On any posting of theirs go to your right where the ellipsis is, click on it and select Mute. 
 Us Members of Congress Invite Tommy Robinson to Speak in Washington Dc   
 	Any islam sucks ass. Only good muzzie is a dead one. 
 You know Cnn was salty having to actually report the facts for once. 
 	Sheep dip! Cunt News is reporting that! 
 Yeah, that's not what you said. Retard muted. 
 	You’re foaming at the mouth cause of the circle jerk party you participated in, you were the pivot.    Disgusting splouge burps comin back up  
 			You Flogged a dude named Germaine    Should have kept that to yourself, one more thing that was a dumb Af comeback  
 				Sorry Joanne.  
 					You ruined it    Dumb af troll 
 						Joseph look at the interactions I've had in the past 10 hours 8 people can't wait to reply to me. How many you got. Fuck all  
 							Look guys a Chicken is making me look dumb Af,    Well because I am a dumb af Troll with splouge on the mind   Thats what you wanted to say    Right John 
 								What guys stop looking for help. Don't see me doing that.  
 												Oh you should worry alright, especially if you're the little soyboy crybaby I think you are.  You'll be tucked in sucking that thumb before curfew from all the cryin' you whiny ass little loon, you.  But you're probably an overgrown soyboy.  We just don't know what to do with you little gender benders these days.  Can't tell if you're male, female or one of 70 plus other "gender" identities.  I grew up used to real men with lots of testosterone that knew what to do with a woman.  You- I'm cluesless. I think you're probably a little faggot for sure though.  Maybe? Don't flatter yourself too much I have everything I want already 
 Why aren't all the American blacktivists crying about slavery flying to Libya where a black person can be purchased for $200 and used for labor and sex, or harvested for organs?     
 	Nowadays the monetary value of that entire nigger bin is negative.  Only niggers are buying, I bet. 
 ***Major Happening***  They Are Really Going For It  They Are Saying It Now  This Is What It Is About  This Is What They Are Attacking  ***Major Happening***   
 	The coolest thing about this whole situation is that in a few decades the childless bitches like the 38yr old cunt portrayed in the above picture will all die lonely, in small apartments, every night hoping they're not raped or burgled by foreign men.  White men like me will be too busy looking after our traditional women and our beautiful children 
 I'm sure this is totally nothing to do with (((You know who))) 
 	Celebrate the good news goyim!  
 		*cries* 
 				Of course - they'll tell us what the "naturally more powerful genes" are and "Let me tell you about our scientific findings goyim" 
 					Lol yep. Sad but true! 
 					Lol yep. Sad but true! 
 White people: "I'm colorblind. Race doesn't matter".   Unfortunately, your enemies don't think the same. 
 	I find it amusing that he has even less opposition amongst white women than white men. Ditto with Asians. As for Jews, you know you've got a problem when you're more politically retarded than blacks on average. Who was expecting any less coming from (((them))) though. 
 	More crying. He cries for admin and thinks he's got other people trigger. its priceless.   
 		Even more crying. He seems to think I'm someone else because he got triggered about "the poo fairy".  Lol.   
 	But muh free speech!  
 	Soy Gibson can dish it out but can't take it huh   :) 
 	Soy Gibson can dish it out but can't take it huh   :) 
 Oh noes! Linda SourPants is upset about Kavanaugh.   
 	Deport This Islamist Cunt Bitch Whore ! 
 Coverage on One Angry Gamer.  They get it. Bad press for Torba at a venue for his target audience.      
 	anime right didn't cover it. shocking. anime news network neither.   journalism is dead when game sites are reporting anime news about social media outlier sites. 
 		I'm probably opening the Pandora's box here, but what is the big deal about Torba's banning of lewd loli's? Like.he's right. Period. It's a legal grey area, and it shouldn't be on a site like Gab that is trying to compete on the level of Facebook or Twitter.  
 			The only related here is monetary issues and social pressure. Fuck me, did everyone just forget 4chan still exists and no one sent that faggot moot to jail?  
  
 	Funny how many Nazis side with Islam.    
 		True Muslims hate the Jews. And that's their strength. They also don't allow Usury. That's what made us slaves to the Jews. How much debt do you have, amigo? 
 			Jews hate Muslims because their retarded religion won’t let them pay interest. Jews live on interest.  
  This may be of interest. Doesn't give much detail, though.  
 	About six years ago a group of Somalis in Minnesota were convicted in a grooming gang case there.  When it went to appeal they were released, because the judge refused to believe the testimony of the victim.  This is what happens when the army of state employees and the journalists in Europe lie about what is going on here.  Until your judges understand that this is  a problem that goes hand in hand with Islam, more American girls will suffer.  The publisher of Easy Meat is American. She thought sales there would outstrip sales in the Uk.  I told her I thought she was wrong.  My expectation proved correct. 
 		American girls have already been suffering an epidemic of rape for decades - tens of thousands of black-on-white rapes per year since forced "integration" in the 1960s. The current average is 20,000 per year, but it's been as high as 30,000 in the recent past.  Historically, the black offenders have not been Muslim.   It's race, not religion.  The average African is borderline retarded by standards for white people, and lacks self control and moral development. The average African in America is not much better despite a considerable admixture of European genes raising their IQs by 15 points. 
 but then a strange fear gripped me and I   just couldn't ask   The Smiths - There is a Light    
 	Noel Gallagher - London 2007  
 		faggot 
    Hillary Is That You? or is it just a version of you courtesy of an Ai? 
 	Wow someone on your side has one opinion that you don't like and you chastise her? You are no better than the left. 
 		Aww is the faggot mad? Lol 
 Kavanaugh floor debate is live. Cbs says vote is at ~5pm     
 	according to Dems, a vote for Kavanaugh is a vote for rape    cool story 
 		live on Senate floor: porcine lady-Senator from Hawaii tells women of color to be angry at White men; tells White women to wake up 
 			Why is that pineapple nigger in the Senate?  Shouldn't she wait until after hours before cleaning the bathrooms?  
 Have a Great Friday    
 		Good Afternoon J.W! Idk.They downvote pics of puppies too.Lol 
 		people are fuggin wastes of oxygen 
 		Unfortunately some are.smh 
 		Unfortunately some are.smh 
 Doxxing Arrest   Jackson Cosko is charged with:   making public restricted personal information     witness tampering    unauthorized access of a government computer    identity theft    second degree burglary     threats in interstate communications    unlawful entry    
 	Otis is gonna love this faggot  
 Up Against The Wall Redneck Mother  Jerry Jeff Walker   Enjoy   Just in case Jersey Jeff is into Jerry Jeff   "Rakkasan"    
 Up Against The Wall Redneck Mother  Jerry Jeff Walker   Enjoy   Just in case Jersey Jeff is into Jerry Jeff   "Rakkasan"    
 So.I just read an article on how to deal with 'past sexual trauma' (ie regrets about sleeping around). Worst piece of virtue signalling, victim-industry garbage I have read in years. I think these leftist idiots have hired the Chinese ('literally'!) to do their writing. Reads as if was written for retarded children or communists. 
 Well Isn't That Cute. Invented & Designed By A Self Hating Liberal Faggot I'm Sure. 
 Nigger spam 
    #2A    
 	Aka nigger chasers 
 	Aka nigger chasers 
 Think of the pressure they felt from the Left. All those dinner parties they almost got blacklisted from. Oh, the humanity! 
 	Kike faggot Homo bitchmeat. So? And?  
 	Incest is best according to jews.    
 	Incest is best according to jews.    
 You forgot this faux nigger clone. 
 Millionaire rockstar Bono says-European Union and Africa must join forces with Africa to sideline Donald Trump’s United States and take over the world 
 	Lol -- nice one, Boner. Now you sound even more retarded than the dirt scrapers you're supposedly trying to help. 
 France in shock as Video of black student threatening teacher with ‘gun’ in class goes viral    
 	Nigger Demons. 
 Jeremy Cunt compares the Eu to a Soviet prison. I really couldn't have said it better     
 	Just a reminder that your 'god' is some long dead jew, if he ever existed.   And European civilization was destroyed  by  Christians in name of your  alien, desert 'god'.   Thanks for proving that Christianity is an enemy to Europe.   Christianity and  islam are indeed identical in your hatred for civilization and beauty 
 			Who will christians stand with? The converted jews, africans & refugees, or white pagans?   We all know who . 
 				Pagans present themselves as our enemies so why in the fuck would we stand with them. I know thinking hurts, but you really need to start doing that. 
 					Yeah, by denigrating them, calling them low Iq, calling them kikes etc. If this is how you hope to convert us to your cult your going about it all wrong. What does current year paganism actually have to offer us? 
 						We dont need to convert you, dumass, if your white your already a pagan   Goddamn you christcuck jews are morons . 
 							lol and yet I'm white and Not a pagan.  womp womp 
 								I already called you a moron, for not realisng if your born white, your a pagan   Thanks for proving my point, jackass . 
 											Shut up RMax. 
 Are you a Nazi?   This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab.             
 		    Wow, you sound like a faggot completely obsessed with nigger cock.  
 Rt jackhauman      British army soldiers persecuted by seniors for photo with Tommy Robinson.                via    
 	fucking idiots, they should have kicked the shit out of the little cunt 
 Rt :    Leaked Video Shows Arizona Democratic Senate Candidate Bashing Arizona  
 	I very seldom use this word . Cunt .  
 		And what race am I? Genius? 
 				I didn't think you had any brains. I am whiter than you. And apparently I have about 50-60 Iq points on you too. 
 						Wow, awesome response. Did you get this from your frontal lobe or your asshole? Can you even tell the difference? 
 								Dumbest fucking comment I have ever read. I am not for diversity, never said I was. I will fight anyone who hates anyone else based on their skin color. In other words, I hate racists pukes black or white. You are included there piss boy. 
 													Your momma raised a blind fool that loves niggers that want him dead. You are the true idiot. 
 Greg Gutfeld: If Sen. Warren Is Native American, Everyone Can Claim They’re A Minority  via  
 	Or maybe we should just Stop! With identity politics and treat people equally?    Just a thought.   Join www.forbritian.uk  that's our basic campaign message, Radical ay? 
 		God Maria sometimes you are on point and other times you cuck so hard.  
 			What is a cuck? as in    Cuckold  A cuckold is the husband of an adulterous wife. In evolutionary biology, the term is also applied to males who are unwittingly investing parental effort in offspring that are not genetically their own.    Im all female so? 
 				You have to be a boomer. I'm glad the cuckservative mindset is losing hold on all the freedom of speech platforms. Nothing you stand for is actually anti establishment.  Keep up the good dance for the jews.  Suits you well.  
 					Your just too childish to keep responding to so i am muting you. Bye 
 						Have you found an idiot too Maria? The villages must have emptied after Gab started lol 
 							In the early Gab days and months i encountered none of these angry sounding children, a few white nationalists and anti Semites it but as we seem to be getting more people these Npc characters are showing up more and more.   I try a couple of too and fro exchanges them cut them loose when i feel there is no real intelligence the other side, just another pre programmed angry drone 
 								Stop being a dyke and stand up for your race, white woman. 
 Basic retard emotional reasoning/manipulation. 
 Basic retard emotional reasoning/manipulation. 
  Where'd you run off to you little sand Nigger Muslim Goat Lover I thought we were having fun? 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 					See, if you actually came with a legit argument, like being gay is a chemical imbalance in the brain, I could tolerate you. Gay genes? Nope, not so much. To keep harping on such ignorance isn’t helping your cause. You may want to do some research and get back to me. Until then, feel free to fuck off  
 						Pixie the Gay Genes was a typo! Bill wears his skinny jeans while trolling for trouser trout at local state parks. Bill is all about reading between his blurred, and delusional, lines  
 							He is his own argument! Only a faggot is not turned on by a woman. Hence is anger & lashing out at you.  
 . I'm foaming at the mouth. Show everyone my post of foaming at the mouth. Even eddy has turned he's back on you.  
 	Hah! I remember that shitstain! 
 		You 4 fuckers are responding to me. How many people are responding to the 4 of you 1. A retard stalking gay homo. Ed has made me famous.  
 Inbreeding is my guess. That, or exposure to radiation has resulted in a species of retarded mutants. Either way, we should send them to the lab for testing. 
 During last night’s rally in Houston, President Trump declared himself a ‘nationalist,’ which triggered Cnn’s Don Lemon, as well as many other unhinged leftists, into crying ‘racist’.    
 	 
 		House Nigger 
 	crymore  
 	crymore  
 They are going to need way way more prisons    
 	And May call year a go to stop slavery in world look in how back garden  first two face convted Islam cunt less diabetes women globalist  
 Muslim 'who plotted Christmas Day terror attack in Melbourne laughed                   
 	Cunt  Needs A Clean Cut Shave Right Throug From  The Addams Apple To The OTheR Side Of The Neck, The Rest Of The Carcas  Sent To Andrew The Victorian Commie Stalin'S Front Yard 
 	Good 
 	Good 
  
 	Ya Ya Ya what is wrong with people today if your a dike your a dike I don't want to hear about or see it  So your canoe lickers, good for you . Your pussy can.t roar if it could you would be in  a porno and your not so how about shutting the fuck up Ooooo shit by the way if that's what your cunt hair look's like you might have crab's  
 Now where ya gonna go? Why not tell everyone how much you hate my book that you haven't read again? lol    
 	The premise of your book is rather convoluted, no?   
 		Nooo! Not at all. I didn't want one of those heavy going political books. Mine is factual, amusing, poignant, worrying, happy. Easy to read. Applies to the whole of the west too. I just use Britain as the example because I know it inside out. Give it a read, you might like some of it :) 
 			I for one thought it was as you just described, enjoyable read  
 				Thanks Jan. Glad you liked it. Not heavy going at all is it. Too many of those books around. Politics is very simple when you cut through all the shite put around by people with their own agenda. Usually the Left. 
 					You're welcome, and you're exactly right most political books are a complete borefest yours cuts through all the rubbish and gets to the point all with a breezy style of writing  
 							Oh interesting! some people are extremely sad aren't they  
 								Notice in his "review" there isn't One single point actually about the contents of my book. Just ranting on about me. That's because he hadn't read it and I'd been making a twat of him on Twitter for a month beforehand lol 
 Because leftists lack zero. zilch, nada legit platforms, they obsessively manipulate to push their narratives.    To enrage them, simply think for yourself and vote accordingly.    
 		The only tards on here are you dopey, delusional D-Baggers.  What's wrong, the booming economy not good enough for you?  Or, more likely, you're just a faggot with cats.   
 It's still Happy Hump Day, Y'all! *wink* :)         > > > Happy ~ Hump ~ Day < < <                    
 	We can't hump these nasty bitches any more bc the dirty filthy Dem-Commies   will let girls come back yrs later & make fraudulent claims against us.    Even though the girl in ur photo is dressed to get fucked?   You can tell bc she went thru the Trouble of cutting off her shorts & pulling   them up in to her Ass & Cunt Crack.   "Be responsible. Dress Responsibility" 
  
 	Obozo was and still is a Muzzie Pos, married to a tranny and both are useless!   
 Rt StormIsUponUs    Theresa May diligently continues to act on her cabal orders and do everything possible to Put Down the rising majority of Brits who recently woke up to the frightening reality that they are surrounded by infiltrated globalist criminals bent on destroying their national identity. 
 	Same with Mama "Moloch" Merkel. But I don't see mass marches in Germany like in Uk.  Moloch Merkel is another Cabal Cunt sucking the thorny cock of Lucifer. 
 religious faggot 
 Three types of massive retard on Gab:   Creationists.   Qanon fags.   Tea Party dimwits who think anyone to their right is a David Brock paid troll. 
 They are not refugees or migrants. This is a paid for invasion. (Why aren't they marching on their own capital?)  
 	Anything we can do guys? 
 		Could have bombed the cunt out of London today  
 Could nigger rioting finally put an end to slave-ball? One can only hope.    
 Lol 90 percent if not more of the Muslime complaints are hoaxes, get a clue retard 
 Islam is the Zionists weapon of choice to eradicate the white race and western civilisation.   Make no mistake this is no accident. 
 		Lol probably a labour voter 
 		Lol probably a labour voter 
 I would agree if Cricket didn't exist, at least in Basketball you can understand when someone scores and when someone wins. Cricket is several levels more retarded than Basketball can ever hope being.  
  
 		Probably a Norwegian or summat. 
 		Just a thought, it's a Somali plastic surgeon, the pic hasn't been pixelated, it was a Diy job?  
 		Just a thought, it's a Somali plastic surgeon, the pic hasn't been pixelated, it was a Diy job?  
 		It's sort of funny when you try to make up retarded logic in order to claim someone else's logic is poor.  That's the kind of stupidity that will get you far, at least if your homosexuality fails you. 
 		It's sort of funny when you try to make up retarded logic in order to claim someone else's logic is poor.  That's the kind of stupidity that will get you far, at least if your homosexuality fails you. 
 This might be a little controversial for Gab, but I just want to say    It's Ok to be Jewish  *Update: I'm not Jewish 
 	Sure you are a fellow (((white))). 
 		We know you aren't equal to the rest of us and joos joos joos why else do your type fixate upon a culture that values education, thriftiness and discipline? You a nigger on welfare aren't you?  an obama/clinton voter?   
 Andddd he's a Spic mutt  of course.  
 	  here is cantwell saying it again.  is this really the stuff you condone with your association with Cantwell? If not, then why associate with him?  
 		What kind of low iq faggot thinks he can call someone a purity spiraler and in the same breath pretend he is mocking Anglin for some of the same shit he advocated for several months earlier.   of course  would be that dumb, figures. Do you even know what a purity spiraler is bitch boy? 
 This Turkroach needs to be taken out behind a woodshed and dealt with by two armed rednecks who are convinced she illegally dumped a boxspring mattress in their alleyway, dumb cunt    
 What's this all about Sarah?  I haven't done anything except try to get the truth out about jews.     I'm not scheming against anyone nor defending anyone . 
 	Messages: ________  George Lincoln Rockwell   : ______________________  
 		Sara Peritas    04:27PM   what is nigger speak is what Emmanuel was and is saying in many of his posts, not only to Laurie Wright. this is what all 3 of you support 
 		Very hatey today, are we?  
 		I've had more than usual of the source of my hate, to the point of homicidal. 
 		I've had more than usual of the source of my hate, to the point of homicidal. 
 Dude you're entire profile is just whining about "muh racism" this is truly the center of every black person's identity and it's pathetic. You're seeking this shit out because you like the attention   Oh and putting pics of your family on here is a retarded fucking idea my guy. You don't know who might dox and fuck with them. I'd delete. 
 Just a reminder 
 	This was Not Stevens. People actually need to verify their sources before posting. Come on, we’re better than this.  
 		How is it fake ? They are what they are and for you to cry like a bitch because we see them that way is defence of them . Now you dont try to lame assed monitor me ,and i wont fucking berate your muzzie sympathizing wanna be scholar ass . Mute me before you get your Gd feelings hurt .The look I get when a fake bitch tries me  
 Alan Jones responds to Opera House furore              
 	That looks even more shit that I imagined. Total sellout disgrace. 
 		Wait until they light it up with faggot symbolism. They will too. 
 The "N" word? Would that be "nice"? Neutered? Don't be such a pussy. If you mean Nigger say so.   
 Agni's birthday gift to herself. 
 		I think that's his fetish. 
 		"I get aroused by missing a lot!" 
 			I believe it. 
 		*misting a lot?  
 		*misting a lot?  
 Are you against intraracial relationships? If so tell me why in the replies. 
 	Because Mix Breeding makes the Offspring have problems. I should know this because I am a mixed breed 
 		Thanks Crimson Dick Nigger  
 Joy Behar Tortures The World With Her Big Fat Stupid Fucking Cunt Mouth Everyday! Dumb Liberal Feminist Cunt, The Usual! 
 	Yup 
 	Yes! And All Papers Unsealed! 
 	I'd personally walk him and all the would be en-slavers of man to the gallows. 
 	First we have to get a President with balls to do it.   
 	First we have to get a President with balls to do it.   
 Dr Pierce was the last movement leader to take infrastructure and logistics seriously.  Our movement is kind of like the Confederacy, convinced that somehow correctness and courage can make up for inferior footing. 
 		Kikester Rapist, you are just another "anonymous" shitskin mamzer faggot infesting the bowel Movement and as such are part of the scenery -- like Mattoid Chaimbach. Sooner or later like Bryan Reo you will becum outed and then further made irrelevant.  At least Mattoid Parrot is whigger, hence salvageable. 
 The current political climate is a direct result of Barack Obama and his attempt to weaken America. The worst president ever. 
 	Nigger muslim 
 Who are the niggers to make the rules and confuse our white kids so much that they cannot see that a nigger never done me any good ever gave me anything except ive help numerous niggers  
 if your turned on by nigger music then there is something wrong with you. Why are you even listening to nigger music? 
     "A Five Year Old Cannot Meaningfully Consent To Anything, You Ghouls " - NYCantifa   Unless of course that 5 year old thinks its a tranny or a faggot then it gets full consent 
  
 	John Podesta: Hillary is "Acting Like a Retard - She Smells Like Boiled Cabbage, Urine, & Farts"  
 Faggot Pakistani-cant get a woman to love your skank ass lol 
  Can Stop Migrant  ‘’ with Constitutional ‘War Powers’      cc:  
 	Line up the national guard and light up the wetback biological weapons 
 "These guys came to Charlottesville in order to commit violent acts, and it wasn't the first time they've done it."   Authorities announce arrest of four members of white supremacist group "for committing various acts of violence" at Charlottesville rally:   
 	Retard liberals "these guys" 
 	  here is cantwell saying it again.  is this really the stuff you condone with your association with Cantwell? If not, then why associate with him?  
 		You are literally a retarded faggot   that has no basic concept of how genetics or eugenics works and you should just do us all a favor and let Edward Gorcenski be your boyfriend and show you how a "real" man Or at least a better one than you are capable of being.  
 Whahahahaha, Hillary is trying to save face. But by doing this, she actually just admitted she did it !     
 		I really hope so ! That cunt played games long enough over the backs of the middle class people !  
                   #Q 
 		And most white people are backwoods cousin-fuckers living in trailers. ;D 
 				I'm sorry, I don't speak moron. 
 				I'm sorry, I don't speak moron. 
 Three in Khabib's camp arrested after Ufc melee    
 		no they just went crazy 
 		no they just went crazy 
 Lawyer who cleared Ellison of domestic abuse allegations is partner at firm that donated $500G to Dems    
 	Mr Muzzie woman beater was cleared because, get this.the Gf didn’t have Video!   Let that sink in. 
 Twitter got me. Blackcat Woman @FoxNews  Juan W is an Idiot! Omg! The Demon-crats are delusional! Fox, why do you have such a retarded communist on your network? :51 Pm - 19 Oct 2018 As a result, we’ve temporarily limited some of your account features.   
 Here's The Fair & Impartial Fuckin Investigation ! These Two MotherFuckers Have Been Dick Slappin Since Faggot All Boys Prep School,Through Nam,Return Join "Veterans For Peace",Bad Mouth Our Country,Disrespect & Dishonor All Of Us Veterans Who Haven't  Become Treasonous Dishonorable Leftist MotherFuckers ! 
 My therapist has assured me I am cured of my kleptomania.   Oh yeah? Just wait till the cunt goes to use his wallet. 
  Stop hating Jews.  Hate is not Christian.   
 	it takes two to tango.  tell them to stop hating whites. 
 		"They" don't.  Are All of you retarded collectivists? 
 April 4, 2018   Are you ready to see Wonderland? 666 5th Ave and The Cabal.     #5thAveAnon    
 		 
 		 
 When did that happen?  
 	As if I didn't already know the world was full of losers,  I need your faggot ass to remind me! Lol 
 Former Paul Ryan Challenger Arrested In Radioactive Murder Plot  
 	looks like a muzzie Pos 
 White cuck doesn't defend his White woman after Nigger floors her with a slap.  
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Hosted by a Nigger and a Jew. Chee, what a surprise. 
 Hey stupid, there are differences between male, female, White, nigger and Oriental skulls.  
 And of course you have the   retarded race baiting moron Van Jones    
 Was watching that tsunami disaster on the news, and some cunt was moaning "that they had no water"   I sat thinking .   Ffs there's no pleasing some people 
 Breaking News:  All Trump Supporters Will Be Rounded Up In Exactly 6 Months.  Enjoy Your Freedom While You Can 
 	We have little doubt the left would do that if you could. Here's a warning from Jesus for you;   "But for the cowardly, the faithless, the vile, the murderers, those who commit sexual immorality, those who use drugs and cast spells, the idolaters and all liarstheir share will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur. This is the second death. 
 			Bernie will find himself in the fire when he dies if he keeps worshiping money and power instead of Jesus too. 
 			I have a condo and luxury sedan, and possibly a bigger savings account than you.  Remember, liars go to the fires.  The baby killer god is going down when Jesus returns and there are not enough babies the perverts in Hollywood can kill to stop it from happening. 
 			I have a condo and luxury sedan, and possibly a bigger savings account than you.  Remember, liars go to the fires.  The baby killer god is going down when Jesus returns and there are not enough babies the perverts in Hollywood can kill to stop it from happening. 
 Eh, plenty of them have no more entanglement than a long term relationship with a spic or gookess. Enough pressure, and that problem may disappear. The only real problem is that the Pb encourage nonwhites to join, which encourages some degree of friendship between human and nonhuman males. 
 Creepy or convenient? Facebook’s new Portal smart display follows you around the room   All the better to 'swat' you with my dear.   I think it's about time for a come to Jesus meeting on Capitol Hill for the zuck.    
 		Facebook is a virus. Only a fool would use it.   
 		Facebook is a virus. Only a fool would use it.   
 Jordan Peterson has gone full retard.       Never go full retard, Jordan.   The faggot is also deleting negative comments on his youtube page. 
 Lady's and Gentlemen, I give you leftist "logic". 
 	This has to be a parody account. If not, then folks, you now have a front seat witness the damaging results of a constant diet of chemical soaked foods. One wonders if this idiot actually reads what she wrote and comprehends the complete and utter Jewishness of her retarded thought process. This is Jewish Insanity brought about by filth like this : 
 	You mean she didn't move to Canada like she promised? 
 	Deport her to Venezuela  
 	Hey Rosie, eat a bag of shit! You suck donkey ass! Fuck off! 
 This is what drove people to vote for Brexit.  Here we are on an island, yet we're the dumping ground for the detritus coming into Europe.  all want to go to your country because you don’t have identity cards, you have very lucrative black markets and you have a lot of English-Speaking migrants from those communities     Proceeds of crime are now included in the Gdp stats, to make the Uk economy look healthier than it is.    
 	British way of life thats a fucking joke, mass immigration from eastern Europe, by hoards of 7th century moslem barbarians and tribes of retarded black african freeloading rapists destroyed our way of life 10 years ago and will destroy the nation in the next 10 
 	Oi! Do you 'ave a loicense for this racist post, Gramps? 
 		I'm giving you a pass Only cos you're a nigger yourself. But cool it, eh?  
 	Who thinks illitarate illegal immigration work they retarded too 
 Are they nigger babies? It may just be bats roosting in the ceiling. I had hundreds at my old place 
 nigger faggot 
 Them good words, invading nigger 
 Hey I’m a nationalist too. Better a nationalist than the politically retarded dupes of the globalists. 
 Refugee who used her own family's passports to smuggle two asylum seekers into Uk illegally is spared jail because judge thought her motive was 'humanitarian'    
 	So humanitarianism is a Defense for committing a crime now? 
 		It is in the muzzie kingdumb. 
  
 	Is this twat for real?// 
 I don’t wade into the Pagan vs Christian debate. Here is why.   My main criterion in judging people is whether they’re pro-white. And I criticize all anti-whites, which includes many Christians.   Right now, all pro-whites should ally together and not fight among ourselves. We have enemies who want all whites gone.   After we defeat our real enemies and establish white ethno-states, then we can have the Pagan vs Christian debate.     
 	It's not really a debate.  If someone is on the side of the 14 Words, then they recognize that.  People that have to muh woden or other new age bullshit are the first ones to assault other Whites and the thinnest skinned about the sketchy nature of their own Nigger style spiritism.  Leave religion as a personal matter. 
 Hey nazi fuckstick, I'll gladly side with jews against a cunt like you anyday. Why don't you go scramble your brains like your fuhrer did. You are and shall always be nothing but trash. 
 Feminists say that toxic masculinity is whenever a man is unwilling to show emotion.   But whenever a man does show emotion, he’s accused of weaponizing his tears, he’s labeled a little boy, and he’s compared to men who beat their wives.   I wonder why men don’t like to cry in public? 
 	I’m glad that Cunt got her head smashed through a class table for lack of sympathy. Probably didn’t even happen.  
 i'm here, you have ten minutes to get to me since you fucking live on askew road.ten minutes to get beat up and then i'm gone you cunt  
 i'm here, you have ten minutes to get to me since you fucking live on askew road.ten minutes to get beat up and then i'm gone you cunt  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	That faggot is fucked.  
 In 100 years, sub-Saharan Africa full of black people. China full of Chinese people. Indian people will still look the same as they do now. This problem will only be addressed, wen we force the mainstream media and mainstream politicians to call this for what it is, ethnic cleansing and genocide.    
 		too many white women have Nothing in their brains. they have no culture,sense of racial identity and loyalty. their empty heads have been filled with pc liberal.nigger shit.basically white people have lost any white culture they once had in the past.now they are nigger worshippers. 
 : Bremsvorgang eines Linienbusses greift eine  die Fahrerin an,  die Frau, zieht ihr an den Haaren und ägt ihr die  auf den    
 	Nigger raus. 
  
 	Nigger lover Lincoln. Spic lover Reagan. Kike lover Trump. They’re all zionists. The only decent men on this are hiding in the back in low resolution. Washington. 
 October 12, 2018   Trudeau Government Announces They’re Giving More Taxpayer Dollars To Un Palestinian Organization   Fair Use:       ~ Spenser Fernando 
 		 
 		Well, I must admit that I like Faith Goldy. 
 		She is well loved by Canadians, a patriot, she is! 
 		She is well loved by Canadians, a patriot, she is! 
 Sinn Fein Communists  Will Demand Referendum on Ulster , in Event of no Deal Brexit    Get tae fcuk, yeh fenian muzzie loving scum!    
    Stop Communism in America    HomeGrown Terrorism is the DemonCrap Party    Liberalism is a Disease and the Cancer of America 
 		Faggot Shows Up Every Hour. Hey it’s Your Hour. 
 kansas high school pozzed by gay Congo for muh soccer ball    
 	Enjoy your nigger aids Wichita. 
 		Almost feels unavoidable at this stage, I doubt this retarded nigger learnt anything from what happened to Shitbabwe when they pulled this crap. 
 When 1 declares victory without said battle being over, the victorious one has lost all intellectual credibility.  
 		Hey Nc last night (my time) I jumped on ya cuz u do come across like a prick sometimes Bud not gonna lie. But I really read, n kept reading ur stuff. Yeah ur smart n all that, but u genuinely gv a damn what’s happening to our countries n ppl. Sorry Bud. I’m a dick.  
 			Never apologise for spouting your own beliefs. Never back down. I never once thought you were a 'dick'.    Yes, I know I come across as a prick. It is one of my virtues. 
 				True n good advice, but wrong is wrong.  
 					Very good. Stick to your principles. I may be hated throughout Gab, but I stick to my principles. 
 						Yeah ppl do fuck with u quite a bit. I will n keep it up cuz your slaying these cowards.  
 							With ease, I might add. 
 								Big Time !  
 								Big Time !  
 I'm a .   I believe in , the rule of , , , , the , and the  
 	I know conservatives are just "owning the insult" but what is "deplorable" about being a stable and good human being? What's so "radical" about it? I bet most of you aren't even racist or want the coming civil war. I feel bad for you good people caught in the middle of the shitstorm. Your generosity has been taken advantage of for far too long. 
 		Ya, Martin     I really need a fictional dead faggot kike on a stick in my life. A crazy Hezus belief is just what I need to bring me the insanity & perversion I lack. 
 Dystopian brutalist design. everything they touch is simultaneously retarded and evil.  
   nigger    
   nigger    
 		in Cleveland a nigger in the street is called a speed bump muslims in the street are called rumble strips 
 Enjoying your Cultural Enrichment yet?   It's just art goy, just art.    
 	I think I see a way out of this. 
 		The origins of "Ss".  Priests of Karnak loot Pharaoh tombs, infiltrate Hebrews c.1350 Bce   
 			You'll be ok, translate "protection squad" into German.     You're quite the code breaker there! 
 				Hi   I'm still figuring out how to use Gab, so I don't know if i'm replying in the right place  :P  Thanks! (I think)  ;)  I only sprechen de Anglaise but will be learning Swedish soon. so i'm no help to you there. Do you follow QAnon? Yeah. I'm a bit of an  
 					Two more of my articles fyi, and to show you my position. LoveForMyPeople is a bit of a twat and doesn't know how to ask the right questions.   
 					Two more of my articles fyi, and to show you my position. LoveForMyPeople is a bit of a twat and doesn't know how to ask the right questions.   
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 Our enemies are resorting to violence in the streets and calling for election boycotts, while the most notorious accelerationists amongst us are now calling for you to become the State.    
 	If even James Mason is telling his readers to capture control of the Gop, you siege-posters are out of excuses for rewarding anti-white extremists with the objective of subversive acts intended to disenfranchise you.    The Gop is the party of white people. None of us can afford to let our enemies just Have it without a fight, and we certainly can't afford to let the Democrats hand control of the state over to non-white invaders.   You want accelerationism? You get that by winning. Not by pretending that you're doing your folk a favor by losing on purpose 
 		Any party that is too afraid to tell us, specifically, that they appreciate our votes, cannot be called "the party of White people." Have you lost your fucking mind? I smell a rat. You and  ran into some kike money in exchnge for moderating your message and you caved just like Trs and Tds, didn't you? 
 				Seconded.    "You obviously ran into some kike money if you don't think Antifa, the Neocons, and the Democrats should be rewarded with the objective of their subversion and terrorism!"   Nice fucking try, Shlomo. 
 	The spammer was at Torba's wedding.   Let that sink in. 
 			Lightfighter 6 used to have a blue checkmark and ran the biggest upvote botnet I ever saw on Gab - it could generate 500+ upvotes in minutes.   My hypothesis is this scummy shitheel helped jumpstart Gab with his botnet, and that's how he 'earned' his blue check - which otherwise makes no sense, not using a human name and not being a Twitter brand. 
 				can I have a bllluuuuuuuuueeeeeee check please @a It is all I want for Christmas. Please! It is all I live for. I wouldnt be such a grifter if you would have just given me a bluuuuueeeee checky poo Andrew please. dont you know I am  ! 
 					Why did @a give a complete nobody like  a blue checkmark in the first place?   A mystery that discovery might solve. 
 						can I have a bllluuuuuuuuueeeeeee check please @a It is all I want for Christmas. Please! It is all I live for. I wouldnt be such a grifter if you would have just given me a bluuuuueeeee checky poo Andrew please. dont you know I am  ! 
 								I  didnt get my way and now I shall dedicate the rest of my existance to being the Spam King and The Gab Grifter. I know my life is pathetic but I Am  welcome to my echo chamber. And on a side note all my spammateers are welcome here! 
 												Ahahahahahahahh, stick and stones will break my bones I am  and am quite clueless. I am so retarded I think people have to prove anything to me Lolololohahahahahahaah 
 calling kids retarded is never appropriate under any circumstances period (just my opinion)  
 calling kids retarded is never appropriate under any circumstances period (just my opinion)  
 It just never ends. 
 	Able to dodge child support in a single bound.   
 		That is another super hero trait that White men have in abundance. The need to care for their family and not run away as readily as some Black "player." That also rules the Nigger out for the part. 
 Kanye West segment on Cnn labeled ‘racist’ for calling singer ‘token negro of the Trump administration’   
 	Coming From A Real Nigger Don Lemon! 
 Looks like history is repeating itself. 
 	Fappin to drawingz is like fookin real kidz,guyz! Or at least kan lead to it just like violent vidya games turn everyone into school scooterz or Mma fighterz doin fatalitiez! 
 			Christi: "The escalation argument is dumb too. I mean I've watched porn since being a teen and I'd say most of my life has been spent in abstinence with the rare consensual "boing session" spaced out here or there. By the escalation logic I should be a repeating sex offender by now. lol. 
 			Christi: "The escalation argument is dumb too. I mean I've watched porn since being a teen and I'd say most of my life has been spent in abstinence with the rare consensual "boing session" spaced out here or there. By the escalation logic I should be a repeating sex offender by now. lol. 
 Turns out the bomber is Cesar Sayok, immediately singled out by the fake news media as a "White Man," yet he would fit in perfectly with those in the Caravan Invasion, which the Fake News would never Identify as "White."    
 	Fucking faggot  
  
 		. they're the 'dumbest of the dumb' who believe the insane Left and try to prove they're Not against being killed by religious imbeciles ! 
 this one goes out to all the hasbara and 89 Iq ziochristians who say that i'm a muslim 
 	Muh islam. This expression indicates a nigger toe lover's confusion and lack of understanding. When confronted with something he can't understand or respond to, nigger toe lover mumbles 'muh islam', or 'muh islam, nazi'. This is usually followed by crotch grabbing an underage altar boy and subconscious toe shuffling. 
 Imagine having this much of a victim mindset. Truly pathetic. 
 	Well nigger are dumb animals, so. 
 Kavanaugh accuser might need psychological help instead of sympathy   
 	Hey, Julie Sweathog, we are disgusted with a cunt who goes to one gang-rape party after another. Fucking whore! 
 In Toronto, a male feminist roundhouse kicked - yes roundhouse kicked - a female pro-life activist because of her wrongthink. Another case of the progressive worldview only protecting women & minorities if they uphold the ideology. New vid:  
 	the faggot does looks like he learnt martial arts from the power rangers 
 Taylor Swift outs herself as a cabalist/useful idiot   Taylor Swift bashes Blackburn in favor of Tennessee Dems, breaking political silence  Taylor Swift  the pop star who notably has strayed from politics  broke that silence on Sunday, writing on Instagram that she'll be voting for Tennessee Democrats in the midterm elections.  Swift, 28, slammed Republican Senate candidate Marsha Blackburn in an Instagram post.  "As much as I have in the past and would like to continue voting for women in office, I cannot support Marsha Blackburn," Swift stated. "Her voting record in Congress appalls and terrifies me."  Swift continued: "She voted against equal pay for women. She voted against the Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which attempts to protect women from domestic violence, stalking, and date rape. She believes businesses have a right to refuse service to gay couples. She also believes they should not have the right to marry."  "These are not My Tennessee values," the "Fearless" singer said online.  Swift concluded she'll be voting for Democrat Phil Bredesen for the Senate, and for Rep. Jim Cooper, a Democrat who's running for re-election.  Bredesen quickly thanked Swift for her support on Twitter, writing he's "honored" by support from her and "that of so many Tennesseans who are ready to put aside the partisan shouting and get things done."   Whoops! We couldn't access this Tweet.  Blackburn's campaign did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment. A recent Fox News Poll found Blackburn was ahead of Bredesen by a 48-43 percent margin, with her 5-point advantage being inside the poll's margin of error.  Many fans of Swift, who reportedly owns two properties in Nashville, in addition to several other homes throughout the U.S., have urged the international star to voice her political views  particularly to denounce President Trump.  In July, it was rumored on Capitol Hill that Swift was scheduled to make an appearance at the Russell Senate Office Building, but she didn't show.   
 	Isn’t she from Philly ?   Carpetbagging Cunt  
 Am I the only one who follows back when you get a follow without checking out there page.I just click the follow button its all potluck, You might get a root then again you might get a sound cunt Its A Surprise 
 	I do it.   lol! 
 		I knew there was more of us out there lol 
 		I knew there was more of us out there lol 
 this is gonna hurt the  commission check this month: $1.4M in Meth Seized 38 pounds   at Texas Border Checkpoint, K-9 agent alerted to the possible presence of drug or human cargo in the truck  
 	Vote In The Midterms! Get The Democrats And RInOS Out So We Can Get The Wall Built!  
 		The wall will never be built. 
 			The wall is currently under construction contrary to what the Lsm is saying:   
 				A token effort when you consider the enormity of the project. It will never be built. 
 						Well, if you meant some of the wall will be built,  then I agree. Will it be finished? No, it never will. It’s an animal farm windmill. It’s idiot bait for rednecks . 
 								The wall really was bait for gullible uneducated rednecks 
 									The old redneck name calling. Middle class Americans are stupid. Trump voters are uneducated, blah, blah, blah.  Thanks. Can you think of something more original? It's like you're in 2016.  
 									The old redneck name calling. Middle class Americans are stupid. Trump voters are uneducated, blah, blah, blah.  Thanks. Can you think of something more original? It's like you're in 2016.  
 	flood Us and Europe but not Israel.Israel  is for the jew supremacists who must pass a dna test to reside there. 
 		Jews like to evade and deny the truth.    
 		Maybe if you researched a little instead of viewing gay jewish produced porn, you might know whats going on. 
 		Cool, now you can show us the proof.  I'll wait. 
 		Lmao, he posted an article that doesn't actually show what he claimed and then says it's proof.  You can see a man's penis in his mouth right now. 
 		You should hire a tutor to teach you how to read so youre not limited to watching gay porn all day. 
 		You should stop having anal intercourse with other men. 
 		All he's limited to is gay sex. 
  
 	What a cunt . Dems have shown how much they have become the Kgb this time for sure.  
 Every nigger plays this game at 1 time 
 The word alpha probably scares their faggot mods 
 	his net movie will be ace ventura: Commie Infector! 
 		retarded and retarderer 
 	I'm relieved to see smart, independent minded  in .  
 	Is that a palette swap on Ivanka? 
 	Is that a palette swap on Ivanka? 
 This is great I have been waiting for both the Commie Libtards & FakeNazi Libtards that are all paid by Soros to find each other on Gab. Here we go they did it!  You idiots are the retarded siblings of the Globalist DeepState. Nobody cares about all your tears you losers lol 
 Do you support Israel's Right to Exist and Defend itself? 
 	Yep! Lots of National-Socialists here on Gab. They should join up with the MudSlimes and be used as meat-body-shields.  
 		Just mute the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. That’s what I do.  
  
 	Is she capable of tying her own shoes? I guess the liberal dream of democracy is strong in New York. Even a borderline retard can be in Congress. Now the Dnc just needs to teach her how to sign her name so she can rubber-stamp their agenda. 
 >Trump invites a Black citizen to speak to the entire world in the Oval Office.  >SaltLeft: Omg Kanye'S Puttin' Us Back In Shackles!     What did Donna Brazile mean by this?     
 	I wondered why Brazile Nuts were called Nigger Toes 
 That tree is gonna be pissed. 
 	The Trump Tree of Knowledge! :)  
 		Haha you ain't got shit you fuckin faggot ass pussy boy. my mother could beat your ass with one hand! Lol! I skullfuck little troll maggots like you - let's go punk. bring whatever your little Iq can conjure up - In real life, you would shut your faggot mouth or I would shut it for you.   Lmfao bitch! Haha 
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 		The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right," therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites.   Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 							What does make a black person black? I know so called people of color who are told they arnt black because something to do with I don't even fucking know. Ben Carson is supposedly a black man, yet other supposed blacks say he's not black. What does it mean to be a white person? What does it mean to be a black person? Or any category of person? Definition of a white person? 
 								watermelon carson is a nigger and so are you. 
 	Disproved things? Like the Tabula Rasa? :3 
 	(He doesn't know that's the entire point.) 
 	(He doesn't know that's the entire point.) 
  
 	I sincerely hope Trump starts naming the Jew and then he will have my full support!  He needs to eliminate all Jews from his cabinet as Jews do not belong in any government, media, finance or acadamia.  Jews are Retarded ditch diggers! 
 Or maybe if someone dies?  "Chelsea Clinton will run for office if someone steps down or retires"   
 	Let the little Hubbell twat run. She's dumber and less useful than a used condom.  
 	Disagree, I think Corbyn is a bell end, shagged Abbot for a start! 
 		Even Nazis are right once a day lol 
 			I'm not a Nazi nob head 
 				Doh! Sorry. Your name confused me lol 
 						Only on Gab where most are fella. 
 								You call Youselves Nazis you blatant knob rot. Loads of you have swastikas and Hitler in your bios. Who am I to deny your chosen identity? :) 
 																Cater is one of the oldest Anglo-Saxon names in Britain twat lugs. Google it. And please point out any lie of mine if you can :) 
 Malkin: 'Sincere' Christine Blasey Ford or Sincere Bullcrap?     
 	No women in politics, in positions of power or combat.   I don't even have to watch to know this cunt is just going say a bunch of retarded bullshit. 
  So that infographic explains why Monolith Soft makes such good games. I expect much bitching from the usual Resetera crowd over it. 
 	Here you have a retard with preferred pronouns listed in his profile performing the predictable Beta act:   
 Its the legal opinion he'd been studying since his days in bars near Yale. 
 	well have any of you seen the latest clip with his wife and kids? you can clearly see that she hates him and that the douchebag is guilty  
 		yes Billy we all know that and Hillary has raped the american people and anyone who gets in her filthy cunt way  
 .@David_Speers: Do you as part of the leadership team offer any apology over the leadership spill?   .@JoshFrydenberg: What I can say to the Australian people is that we are back to work.   More:    
 	An absolute biggest Cunt of the year, as all Lesbians are, just look at that creepy Wong, would anyone piss on that shit?  
 This Is For The People Who Left Twatter-I Had To Deal With This Mess Of A Cunt Everyday. 
 I know. When I hear nigger music blaring & see wiggers strutting they are rarely boomers. Those under 30 refer to typical CONservative old farts as racist/homophobic/misogynistic/ because they are not anti-White enough, feminist & pro-faggot enough.  There is a small % of pro-Whites.  That is what matters (being pro-White) Not age.  
 Hey Matt, do you think this Jessica Wilson-Heimbach retard is actually Rodney Martin? 
 Exec slams Republicans: 'F*ck. You. All. To. Hell'  
 	Shabbos Goy Google Exec goes full retard 
 Behold! I have discovered 's true identity!  
 		Amazing how some people think that they can boss me around.  How about you get onboard, instead? 
 		oh i'm onboard, just think that nobody is beneath you. If you want to keep T bagging his corpse go right on ahead. 
 		oh i'm onboard, just think that nobody is beneath you. If you want to keep T bagging his corpse go right on ahead. 
 If you don't understand the basic operations of being a Congressperson, then you shouldn't be allowed to run for office.   Retard Ocasio-Cortez apparently thinks that Congressmen are mini-Presidents:    
 	thanks. I don't usually bother responding to the knuckle draggers, Mom.  
 	 is tip top. 
 	 is tip top. 
 Never forget just how much these people hate you and want to see you suffer. 
 	That's the same Cunt that got Spencer kicked out of a gym. 
 I'm glad this is a free-expression forum, so I can tell you to take your anti-Jew bullshit and shove up your faggot ass, and not worry about being banned.  
 They allow people like this to post actual hate, pedophilia, terroristic threats, etc., but if I call  Twitter out on their pedophilia support and call Jack Dorsey a fairy gay faggot I'm the one that gets the perma ban. Lol 
 Thanks for the invite. 
 	Always thought you were a Christcuck, fam ; ) 
 		You never antagonize the real jews ( not the nigger version ) though.  Well, I was like you once, until i developed a severe drinking problem and been unable to tell a lie ever since. around 20 years ago.  
 Twitter allows the Left to openly call for violence - but citing Fbi crime statistics will get you banned.   That’s okay, there’s one group of people that’s prepared for violence to escalate - and it’s not the group labeling everyone a fascist. 
 	Like this fat fuck Npc cunt can run even half a mile without a heart attack- and love that disgusting face tattoo 
 Word of The Hour  retard: to render more slow in progress  See translations for retard @     ögert #धम कर   
 South Africa’s war against its white people. Read this and know the truth. Please share this article far and wide          
 		Sounds like you are describing Trump supporters. 
 		Sounds like you are describing Trump supporters. 
 Rt Thomas1774Paine    Cnn’s Jim Acosta ‘Asks’ Trump: ‘What You Really Mean Is That You’re a White Nationalist’     
 	What a twat 
 :September30,2018 Man-Hating Senator Hirono Doubles Down on her Vile Hate, Spews Even More Upon America  via  
 	This cunt needs to burn in Hell.  I mean, so does all of Hawaii.  Fuck that "State". Let them burn and sink like Atlantis! 
 i'm not sure which are pathetically Sadder. . Sjw Liberal Leftist Meme's or anti-Native American Meme's.   let's do an awesome Poll to find out! 
 		i guess i am in a way. more of a digital faggot though i take ideas & bundle them with strings of sentences so they can be used as fuel to ignite the emotions of simple-minded humans into a reaction of hate hence . your response  but it is fucking hilarious you describe yourself as a "Attorney Of Law". considering every other single attorney is a "Attorney At Law" 
 		i guess i am in a way. more of a digital faggot though i take ideas & bundle them with strings of sentences so they can be used as fuel to ignite the emotions of simple-minded humans into a reaction of hate hence . your response  but it is fucking hilarious you describe yourself as a "Attorney Of Law". considering every other single attorney is a "Attorney At Law" 
 Yes I agree!  We must let them know they are loved for being real men. It doesn't matter if they're ours or not! Nothing better (or sexier) than a strong fearless man!  
 	Absolutely.if a wanted a pussied down man I’d have married a dyke 
 		Lol  
 		Lol  
 They're publicity bitches, they'd have done if the faggot obongo was still in the Wh, or if Hrc had won 
 	He was all about the miscegenation. fuck that faggot  
 Rockford man charged with defacing  headquarters a self-described 'artist'       
 	looks like a faggot bitch 
 Anti-Hitler 
 	 
 		I was about to say the same thing given how retarded he's made himself look. 
 And they want to legalise this shit.    
 		also, that retard who killed the doctor had like 6 moving violations recently. he's just an asshole and was going to kill someone eventually.  punishing law-abiding cannabis users for the actions of that retard is . wait for it. retarded. 
 		guess we should stop being nice then ;)  
 			.hehe 
 			 heh. 
 			 heh. 
 Melee just broke out in the octagon. McGregor attacked by a Nurmagomedov entourage member after the fight.  
 	Watching that arrogant potato nigger get tapped was truly a great sight to see. 
 Please listen to me, I am a White American Woman that's a registered Republican, who voted for Trump. I own guns. I support free speech, I pay to be on Gab. I fought porn spammers, I fought obscene violent anime child porn posters. My birth name is Christina. I love my Country and you my Volk. Please stop hating "Nazis", we are not your enemies. You must listen to us.    Antifa are Communists, far left.    Antifa stands for Anti-Fascist.   Nazis are Fascists, far right.    Nazis arrested Socialists, Democratic Socialists, Communists and Anarchists. 
 	Nice "I am a proud American Trump supporter that owns guns" introduction. You might as well just say you're an American Zionist. 
 			The Ussr was able to survive because of extensive Us aid.  427,284 trucks, 13,303 combat vehicles, 35,170 motorcycles, 2,328 ordnance service vehicles, 2,670,371 tons of petroleum products (gasoline and oil), 4,478,116 tons of foodstuffs (canned meats, sugar, flour, salt, etc.), 1,900 steam locomotives, 66 Diesel locomotives, 9,920 flat cars 
 				Losers posting about dead people and dead ideas on a near dead Gab, which is exactly what we have all come to expect from neo-Nazi-social-democrats on their day off from Best Buy. 
 					"Dead dead dead, bla bla bla" isn't an argument. Again, I thought you were for "thoughtful debate".   "neo-Nazi-social-democrats on their day off from Best Buy." Do you even know what you're talking about?  
 						It's funny that people left behind by everything and everyone use Gab as a form of therapy which they, of course, would deny. 
 								I go to therapy, I'm proud to say! I don't use Gab for it. You should try it, find out why you are such an underachiever dedicated to philosophy so broken that it is destroying Germany even today. 
 									"I go to therapy, I'm proud to say!" Nice, hopefully you actually get something out of it. "philosophy so broken that it is destroying Germany even today." The current ruling party is the Social Democratic party, a party Literally Opposed and historically opposed to National Socialism in every single ground.  
 									"I go to therapy, I'm proud to say!" Nice, hopefully you actually get something out of it. "philosophy so broken that it is destroying Germany even today." The current ruling party is the Social Democratic party, a party Literally Opposed and historically opposed to National Socialism in every single ground.  
 And Puma, Porsche, Adidas and speaking the German language.  Fuck it just click at one another like a Khoikhoi Nigger over there already.       
 	 
 	Wtf is wrong with you? Who looks up a bunch of gay porn to harass people with? People like you are why public executions are a good idea. 
 	Wtf is wrong with you? Who looks up a bunch of gay porn to harass people with? People like you are why public executions are a good idea. 
 Anti-Fascist is a code word for faggot 
 1.)  Alright, let me kidnap my ex girlfriend who has custody of my son.  Let me use this genie to shit out a bunch of money so I can bring elderly family members without a lot of money and put them up. 2.)  Ok. 3.)  Because you are fucking fleeing, you stupid retard nigger.  It might be nice for a decade or so, but diversity isn't stopping anywhere.  
 'Shaggy 2 Dope' From Insane Clown Posse Rushed The Stage At A Limp Bizkit Concert And Drop Kicked Fred Durst       
 	From Behind.  Cuck wigger gonna be a cuck wigger. 
 Whenever you're feeling stupid, just remember that there are people on Gab right now who unironically think that  is an actual nigger named Tyrone Jackson. 
    Deplorable Npc ,   Turn off the Tv, the media is not your friend. Just say no to Cnn/Fox fake news! 
 	Trump has ensured that his grandchildren will have high Iqs. You can criticize him for that, but his genetic line will have a much greater chance of success than those with lower Iq. 
 		Lol ! Just because a few (Jewish) oligarchs tricked you with Cultural Marxism doesn't mean Jews have higher Iq. It just means you're a brainwashed idiot, that's all. 
 			Keep telling yourself that. 
 				Do you actually think that smarter people won’t be over-represented in fields that require a greater level of intellect in order to succeed at beating the competition?  Are you really that stupid? 
 					Do you actually think that these smarter people who are over-represented in various fields won’t use their power and influence as a collective ethnic and religious group to crush the competition?   Are you really that stupid? 
 						Did you expect them not to? Especially in the face of Nazi morons that want them dead? You want a war, you’ll get one. Don’t cry when it doesn’t go your way. 
 							That’s an easy theory to test in the free market. Hand a business over to someone who is too stupid to run it properly and see what happens. It’s all about Iq. Whether you like it or not, whether you believe it or not. The facts don’t care about your retarded feelings. 
 Most Hollywood Celebrities are just feeble minded fools that think their opinion matters.       
 	Fyi.Kevin Sorbo is suuuuuuch an impressive person. Godly man. Good dad. Good person. Only does Christian movies now if I’m not mistaken. He’s great. Jim Carey is a retarded hypocrite shill who isn’t even that funny. He’s kind of annoying actually. Sorbo is totally right; totally spot on. 
 	maybe nothing happened. Maybe she was just acting. 
 	maybe nothing happened. Maybe she was just acting. 
 Ack!   It's spreading!   Flee! Flee! Flee, from the Npc!    
 	In Spanish we say "Fucken Parrot Cunt!" when we hit thumb with hammer. So: only fair to de-acronymicize Npc = Non Parrot Cunt 
  
 	Should've aborted the fucking nigger 
 	Friedman is shorthand for "stupid mother-fucken moron" 
 	Friedman is shorthand for "stupid mother-fucken moron" 
 Hahahahahahaha you four foot sack of coward twat your sign is laminated because you're such a wanker  
 Just your typical inbred Democrat. 
 	We must respect other people’s culture if we’re going to have a thriving multicultural society with fantastic ethnic food! 
 		things have changed. whites no longer rank highly as they once did. now the 3rd world in many ways is beating them at their own game. time to learn to get along .peaceful co-existence 
 			oh bullshit. most people of Euro descent have some mongol, hun or muslim nigger blood somewhere back in their ancestry. this "white" bull is sheer fiction. 
 I have no sympathy for guys who have to pay for it.    
 	"If I was writing a comedy sketch about . . . raping the Ceo of Dropbox's wife with a broken glass bottle"   Sam may you live ten thousand lifetimes 
 		the cunt shirt and weed vape pen are nice touches.  
 Here We Go Again Evil Dyke Hillary Clinton Coughs Uncontrollably at Mansfield College  Requests Water (Video)    
 Someone turned a Q post into a meme.  Did Hussein accomplish his mission?  More importantly, look at Hillary's first point of the agenda.  That is what Q/Trump/MilitaryIntelligence is attempting to defeat.  (Will defeat.)     
 	the cunt lost 
 The purple haired pro-abortion dipshit who roundhouse kicked a girl who had a different opinion than him is trying to raise $100,000 on GoFundMe because he lost his job as a hairstylist after the assault.  If you didn't see the video. it's attached. 
 	 
 		Was this a Toronto Liberal Faggot beating on a woman?  It seems the Wynne Boi did not receive an accidental throat punch at the time of his assault on a lady. Perhaps his teeth will meet a toilet bowl when he slips attempting to sit down to pee in his cheap motel room somewhere in or around Toronto. 
 "Kanye was Uncle Tomming in the White House in front of all those white  people!"  Don Lemon is banging a White Man. 
 		Really hope the useless nigger gets a dose of arse injected death sentence 
  
 	I absolutely would have knocked that queer out as soon as he started tearing up those signs like it was safe to do that in front of me. And that retarded stuff? I would have been kicking that fool until he stopped twitching. 
 But yet she is a Hypocrite . I use to like her until she became a total cunt .    
 I wonder if the jug eared twat is agreeable to his colleagues at the  not only being asked to work for nothing, but also being asked To Pay The Bbc for the privilege    Time to shut down the scam  &       
 *New Video*   A gay, "non-binary" Muslim drag queen explains how gender and race fluidity is proven by science.   So delighted my Bbc license fee is paying for this.    
 		can we send it back to where it came from? 
 		can we send it back to where it came from? 
 Breaking:   President Trump is using some kind of cult-like force to make us agree with him!    Imagine what a mess he'd be if he drank alcohol!        
 	The Deep State Has Won And by using our sense of fairness against us.  Most thinking Americans would hate Trump, his appointments are the worst, his actions treasonous; but they ‘feel’ they must defend him because he is attacked with specious claims.  And now we all must defend another, Deep State, corrupt Judge involved with the cover-up of Vince Foster’s murder and thinks the government needs no warrant to spy on you. - because he is attacked with specious claims. The Deep State has won, and all they had to do was put on a show.  
 		It's moronic bullshit to try and claim Trump's actions are treasonous when he's the only one taking any steps at all to oppose the deep state.  Yeah his appointments are mostly shit. That's because there's only shit available. The establishment banishes the righteous.  Trump thought they would trade greed for patriotism, like him.  Retard muted. 
 Hulu deleted this tweet after becoming the focus of countless jokes and being mocked for several hours straight.   Even companies are willing to backdown from Sjw talking points if the heat gets too hot. 
 		well fackin' said mate 
 		that's sort of like a Gab hug, right? :D 
 		yea we kinda pat people on the head and tell them to get the fuck over their moronic feelings since its not what makes the world go round. seriously tho, how many great moves have social media sites made that have had a positive effect on the public at large? in the long run its all bad news 
 		yea we kinda pat people on the head and tell them to get the fuck over their moronic feelings since its not what makes the world go round. seriously tho, how many great moves have social media sites made that have had a positive effect on the public at large? in the long run its all bad news 
 smdh 
 	The media just can't get enough of mulattos with huge afros. There's at least one in every ad you see.  
 		Go on Canadian television and every second commercial has a nigger in it. And then at least 50% of the commercials are promoting race mixing and mongrels. Whoever pays for television is a cunt  
 Heard about this? No? That’s because the Msm isn’t Reporting It.   Not. Our. Problem. Turn them around. No mas !   Honduran migrant group treks north as U.S. calls for tighter borders  
 	Ignore the courts. Turn them around and send them back immediately. If the judges and Commiecrats squawk throw them in prison. 
 		We Elected A President In 2016, Not A Bunch Of Pussy Faggot Judges.  
     104 Fugitive Gang Members Arrested In North Texas - Five confirmed and documented gang members were also arrested during this operation - Officials say 29 of those arrested had illegally re-entered the U.S. after being deported    
 	why can't we execute deported illegal aliens upon re-entry   doesn't unsanctioned re-entry after expulsion constitute invasion as an unlawful combatant?    
 		I don't see why not. You're illegally entering a country, which should be seen as an invasion. 
 			Declare Mexican gangs terrorist organizations. Send illegal alien gang members to military tribunals. This would remove them entirely from civilian courts. If found guilty of membership, impose the death penalty, with lesser sentences for some who give evidence. Their retarded gang tattoos would be all the evidence needed. 
 			Declare Mexican gangs terrorist organizations. Send illegal alien gang members to military tribunals. This would remove them entirely from civilian courts. If found guilty of membership, impose the death penalty, with lesser sentences for some who give evidence. Their retarded gang tattoos would be all the evidence needed. 
 Just a reminder 
 	This was Not Stevens. People actually need to verify their sources before posting. Come on, we’re better than this.  
 		Dear little julian . Dont waste my time with your Bs . Just walk away little muzzie loving bitch . Walk the fuck away  
 Impeachable Felony: Trump Lobbied for Gambling Boss Sheldon Adelson, Blackmailing Japan    
 	Veterans Today? Not by me. Where's this coming from? 
 		Sputnik News - Russia you fucking retarded cunt 
  
 	This faggot cock sucker followed me, he needs to leave moms basement or maybe go back to twatter instant mute of this asshole! 
 Tommy Robinson was photographed with a group of young soldiers during a chance meeting at a motorway service station. These lads have now had their phones seized and are being "investigated" by the British Army who buckled under  pressure from muslims.    I am pretty close to breaking point - this is an outrage and it is clearly being made into an issue by our enemies.    Please, if you feel angry about this or simply want to show support for our troops over the spineless middle class who can wet themselves when muslims complain.    Please sign here - www.StandWithOurLads.com 
 	If you are a pyjama wearing beardie and complain loud enough about Tommy then you will get your own way. 
 		everything Tommy touches turns to shit.  All these soldiers will now be in the dole line, thanks to tommy's stunt. 
 					So in your mind, you Have to like Jewish controlled opposition to be allowed to be on the right?    and i guess if you reject jewish controlled opposition, that makes you a leftie?    Nice argument, did you get it from the Talmud? 
 						Never said you have to like him. Just that the argument was poor. The army was wrong for discharging him, not Tommy for taking a picture with him.  
 						Never said you have to like him. Just that the argument was poor. The army was wrong for discharging him, not Tommy for taking a picture with him.  
  
 	an aging now irrelevant skater kid from the 90s, part wigger part wannabe anarchist who never grew up. figures. 
 Did Not See This Coming!  In Nyt Op-Ed, George Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages  Imagine My Shock!   
 	Who does he blame for being a faggot pedophile like his father  
 Nigger 
 Nikki Haley Resigns    
 	im glad, you nigger lovin, anti-Confederate, cunt, go to hell bitch 
 The World Is A Vampire  
 	Who cares what this hateful, feckless cunt thinks. She looked like a corpse at Kavanaugh's hearing. Seriously, look at her, she looked like Mortician from The Munster's. 
 Evidently a 30 year old teacher was sending sexual texts to a 15 year old girl.Dad didn't like it very much to say the least--Lol   If more parents addressed these issues this way there would likely be far fewer instances of sexual abuse by teachers.   Well done Pop!    
 	Seeing that vagina have his nose period was quite satisfying, at the same time I feel that it was probably not clear enough to get through the skull of said vagina. For the kids sake, I hope the vagina gets the message. 
 		If the dude had any more vagina in him, he would cross the border into cunt territory. Could just have called him a cunt, sometimes I just feel like mixing things up a little.  
 Update on models killing near Philadelphia in Aug.   Note it wasn't a doorknob It was a nigger like I had predicted     
 Clock Boy.   
 	Lol! Clock Boy just lost his Last civil case a couple months ago here in Texas. He was suing the Arlington School District (Dallas/Fort Worth) and the Arlington Police Department for Racism, of course! Lol And some other nonsense about being shamed when he was taken out of the school in cuffs! It was totally Dismissed for No Cause a few weeks ago!  Unfortunately, the judge didn't order the little jihadi's daddy to pay the school and police attorney fees, but Hey! His raghead nonsense got run the hell out of Texas! ;p 
 	Lol! Clock Boy just lost his Last civil case a couple months ago here in Texas. He was suing the Arlington School District (Dallas/Fort Worth) and the Arlington Police Department for Racism, of course! Lol And some other nonsense about being shamed when he was taken out of the school in cuffs! It was totally Dismissed for No Cause a few weeks ago!  Unfortunately, the judge didn't order the little jihadi's daddy to pay the school and police attorney fees, but Hey! His raghead nonsense got run the hell out of Texas! ;p 
 Hollywood and the Music Industry is trying really hard to normalize pedophilia. 
 		A month?  I’ve seen a week.  Got a source on that?  Also, weird that that’s the part of your post I’m disputing.  
 		You're right! I know I read somewhere years ago that the difference was a month, but a recent Uk study I found says it's a week. I stand corrected, and thanks for catching my mistake! :) 
 		You're right! I know I read somewhere years ago that the difference was a month, but a recent Uk study I found says it's a week. I stand corrected, and thanks for catching my mistake! :) 
 	make halloween uncomfortable again:) 
 		Last time I went in a Halloween shop every blond wig was for a slut or a repulsive hillbilly and every superhero costume featured a non-white kid on the package. Nuns were sluts, too and the priests, I forget, but the costumes were mocking. 
  
 	that is so humiliating and pathetic i have no words to describe just how retarded (and disgusting) that is. 
 dyke 
 	? My hands are way bigger than that.  Just because the average grip surface of a gun is a couple of inches? Does not mean every shooter has small hands.  Have you seen a shooting video before that didn't have a chick in it ?   Gawd son. 
 		A+ 
 			whoa whoa whoa you’re barking up the wrong tree, bud. I’m pro-gun, surprisingly enough. I know, take a breath, it surprises a lot of other people too.   And no way haha sky diving would terrify me. I could probably do parasailing or gliding, though.  
 				Sorry kid.  Some fools been feeding the sharks lately.  Your water sports are at your own risk.  And your also lying.  If you don't take our laws seriously?  I suggest you get out.  This is not a joke anymore.  I'm sorry but Obama screwed up too many families and lives for me to count.  And a gun is not a museum piece.  It's a tool.  Just like any wrench or hammer. 
 					I agree it isn’t a joke anymore. That’s why I joined Gab. To keep an eye on white supremacists. This is just my side job, poking fun at gun groups. I don’t want y’all to join forces with them. Because they think you will.  
 						? "join forces "?   Wtf are you talking about?    I don't have a "C. O."    And all of your "Nazis" were either killed in WW2 or have been hunted down to the last 90 something year old bugger that was recently deported.    Get off the drugs son. 
 							Hear that,  ? You and your minions don’t exist, and have no chance at your revolution! 
 								Yup.  You know those fools by name.  Your apart of em. 
 										Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
  
 	Send at least 1.0 million to Germany to save our asses from Merkel's nuthouse government, please. Most if not all should know their way around ;-). 
 			Completely sane attitude. I don't see anybody else either willing or capable of cleaning up this mess. Putin maybe. Not the contemporary German men, that's for sure. 
 			I know! Y'all need to re-institute the Waffen Ss and go after the fuckers! Start up a game of "Cowboys & Muzzies"! 
 This Is Cnn=> Faggot Porch Monkey Don Lemon Brings Up Kanye West’s Deceased Mother to Criticize Trump Meeting (Video)    
 		I thought you called him ex president Obama. 
 		I thought you called him ex president Obama. 
 So then it stands to reason that "that twat in America" has black privilege.  
  
 	Already There Reading Your Bile! You Are A Retard ! 
 	Is this faggot white nationalist child brain ever right about anything other than his mom being ashamed of his birth? 
 By calling loli posters demonic then "apologising" for his ignorance and anger, only to later on declare the loli posters are a part of "the conspiracy" Torba is making himself look like a retarded over emotional monkey, a scam artist conning people (boomers being the latest target) out of their money,  or both.    
 anyone who alters the poster is a fucking retard and should be gassed immediately  
 Those kids can't vote. What part of 68% approval rating don't you understand? You're stuck in a retard fantasy. 
 Why do the leftist Fucktards post this silly shit? Only a 2 day old retarded Nigger would believe this stuff! Or a DemocRAT! 
 Developing:   Suspicious Packages Sent to   Bombs sent & intercepted   1. Hillary Clinton   2. Barack Obama   3. Former Cia Director John Brennan   4. Debbie Wasserman Schultz   5. George Soros   6. Kamila Harris (not confirmed yet)   7. Eric Holder   8. Maxine Waters   9. Ny Governor Coumo   ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, I find it ironic that the media is saying these investigations could take up to 2 weeks until completion.just in time for election day!    Smh.        knows who's responsible!                           #1A #2A                         #PatriotsFight   #Q  #TrumpTrain          
 	And not one of them went off and the retarded leftists who plotted their false flags didn’t even put postal marks over stamps! 
 	You can't so much as sneeze Jesus in school without the left losing their mind. 
 		bitch about this, fine with "holocaust class" 
 			Nazi tears water my nuts. 
 				sounds gay and semitic, but i repeat myself 
 						project a little harder, maybe you can burn my shadow into the sidewalk 
 								who are you trying to convince? 
 									You! Penis breath. Go suck your nazi boy friend and leave me alone. This is sexual harassment! Help, A Fag Boy Nazi Is Sexually Harassing Me! 
 Imagine this is you - what do you say? 
 	lie. at least until I can settle on the countryside and quit the hellhole that is the modern corporation. 
 		never lie, you weak faggot 
 Hate you need to take your socialist, nazi ass down the road before you find out just how fucked up you can get when you piss off redneck conservative assstompers.now fuck off you illiterate and ignorant loserboy. 
          I think I’m a Japabilly too! Florida redneck and cultured Japanese  
 	Congratulations. You have officially created a brand new minority segment of our wonderful country. Now.let’s get you some government bennies and special protections and a sweet little safe space. Of course you know I’m being sarcastic and feebly attempting humor. Now for my apology. 
 		Well, I never thought of that but hey. no offense taken 
 		Lol 
 	Nice to meet you! Kentucky, here :) 
 		Likewise! 
 		Likewise! 
 It's not my fault anti-Semites are so retarded they Tell you to report them to their bosses. I just did what he asked me to do.  
 Lol, I give a fuck that I have to see it on my feeds on every social network platform and be reminded how fucking retarded my fellow human is. This causes the dilemma of being unable not to reply out of a glimmer of hope that someone will grow a brain cell and realize it's all bullshit.  
    Bit of Slipknot anyone?   Slipknot - Snuff    
 	faggot 
  
 		  - Go cry to your shit eating faggot friends, you are just as pathetic as the bullshit you post.  
 Rt :    Just like Rhodes, he says this with a straight face because he knows the press lets him get away with it. There’s your fake news problem in a nutshell.  
 	A half nigger liar. 
 Nazi punching champion. 
 	I would tear his head right off his body. faggot 
 When the two niglet sheboons grow up and either one of them or their nigger boyfriend stabs them they won't be smiling. 
 So apparently you can't call a liberal cunt a liberal cunt on twatter without some time out.  Oh noes, 12 hours of no twatter. 
 Keep President Trump, and First Lady Melania in your prayers daily, and their lovely family.                         
 		a fucking nigger in the white house, that was disgusting lol 
 To all you moron Jew haters. You're as stupid, dangerous, and Godless as dimocrats. Your wanton unyielding ignorance shames all humanity.  You are not welcome among decent educated people. I wish I could mute you all at once. My Lord Jesus Is a Jew. Stew on that. Eat it in fact. My staff will sprout while you grumble unto death. I truly feel sorry for you. 
 	Another stupid redneck bible thumper,,,,,,the country is crawling with them 
 Jesus tap dancing Christ!    This faggot race mixing shit is Everywhere! 
 	Fox is a shithole. 
 	What about the muslim nigger or the gay muslim? 
 Last night Barack Obama said that its a brand new thing to have politicians who lie.      The irony here is off the charts.   Below is a direct actual quote from Barack Obama last night. Source of quote.    
 		It sounds like you disapprove. Lol  
 				I'll sign it for ya.   dunno how much good it'll do for you, tho 
 				I'll sign it for ya.   dunno how much good it'll do for you, tho 
 Illegals   Notable caravans in history:   Turkey, 2015   France, 2016   Mexico, 2018   Poland, 1939 
 		Haa! You're the one who should be worried. Disrespect has it's consequences here in North America. You'll see, muzzie trash. 
 A horse escapes from her stable and kicks her way into a French bar while patrons ran away. Plus, in Chicago, officer Jason Van Dyke faces first-degree murder charges for killing black teenager Laquan McDonald. Watch 's On Location:      
 A horse escapes from her stable and kicks her way into a French bar while patrons ran away. Plus, in Chicago, officer Jason Van Dyke faces first-degree murder charges for killing black teenager Laquan McDonald. Watch 's On Location:      
 Gun Control Proponent LeBron James Has Armed Guards on Security Detail  via  
 		Taliban look like Bo. 
 		Taliban look like Bo. 
 		well technically none.  a whole heap of heretics but  sort of no christians whatsoever.  ex christians sure. torched loads of them. 
 			So none of the white heretics & white pagans you guys burnt at the stake, & massacred were white . 
 				Bit strange that he/she claims no Christians too. A whole heap of the people burned alive and hanged for witchcraft during the Protestant Reformation were Catholics. 
 						Yeah bro, they got rekt! 
 							& your not real christians . 
 								Oh, ok, glad you get to make that decision 
 												Rly, that's what I said? Reading comprehension isn't your thing, is it? 
 	Isn't spamming against the ToS @a? Or are you more interested in stifling conversation with  under the guise of 'freedom of association?' 
 	Isn't spamming against the ToS @a? Or are you more interested in stifling conversation with  under the guise of 'freedom of association?' 
 *Glances at paper while coffee brewing.*   Ah yes, nothing like a good ol cringe to start off a Monday morning. 
 	The more the leftists do like this faggot shit, the more the silent majority decides the Democrats must never gain power.  
  faggot   In  No     
 Your Dna already changed to jewish. That is what happens when you are baptized.  On a side note, what kind of faggot gives jews the dignity of capitalizing there name? 
 	Pretty sure Jair is controlled by Jews like all the rest.  
 		Probably. The leftards are worried he will take Brazil out of Brics and back to the Imf. Which is a fair enough concern of theirs even if they don’t realize that Brics is just controlled opposition. 
 	On twitter people like authors Stephen King, William Gobspm and other famous people who are smart enough to know better support what jews are doing to us.  If we are killed and our country turned into a soviet union they don't seem to care.  Any thoughts about them? 
 		No cupcake,  Jews are what get awesome sites shut down. 
 Canada Isis jihadist caught, but police struggle to lay charges    A high-profile Canadian member of Isis  has been caught while attempting to return to Canada he is being held by the U.S backed Syrian Democratic Forces  Muhammad Ali, formerly Abu Turaab Al-Kanadi served as a sniper & used social media to encourage others to join Isis & conduct terrorist attacks 
 		Jihadi Justin & his Islamic Liberal Party will probably pardon it & give it a few million Canadian Fiat Dollars,so that Tax Paying Canadians can pay in hard earned Rothschild owned Fiat Canadian Dollars. Thanks to the dead Pierre Trudeau & his Communist Islamic loving son of course. Jihadi Justin always needs to be mentioned in his Post Nation as the Hero. 
 		If they let him skate, you know where you stand, you don't have to believe them anymore.about anything. Do what you have to to get your nation back from the collectivists and appeasers without guilt. 
 		If they let him skate, you know where you stand, you don't have to believe them anymore.about anything. Do what you have to to get your nation back from the collectivists and appeasers without guilt. 
 The Democrats have either won every special election (so far), or severely cut Trump's margin of victory in '16. This doesn't bode well for the midterms.    Imagine the Republicans defied all odds and won a super-majority in both chambers of Congress. What would change for us? Virtually nothing. They'll privatize social security and send our troops to Iran. 
 	The only thing the Gop can hope for is 3-4 senate seats gained and keeping the house. It may happen because the Dems made a big mistake with how they handled the K situation. They angered Gop suburb cucks and got nothing out of it because he will be confirmed anyway.  
 		In Alabama there was a judge who was falsely accused of rape. It pissed off a lot of conservatives. The Senate election was in an off year when nigger turnout is usually low.  He lost anyway. 
 By "you" I was referring to the general "you" in my example in regard to the people that parrot the retarded " you must believe in something" meme.  
 By "you" I was referring to the general "you" in my example in regard to the people that parrot the retarded " you must believe in something" meme.  
 Must be muzzie 
 		While I find Louis Farrakhan a loathsome individual and worthy of everyone's contempt, I would remind Mr. Clarence Spangle of the adage "Even a blind hog finds an ear of corn once in a while". James Douglass 05K Usasa 70-73 
 				Not in my neighborhood. 
 					卐  Every man must know that the new Movement can offer honor and fame in the eyes of posterity, but nothing in the present.  Mein Kampf 卐  
 									fuck off and die faggot kikesucker 
 Good video on a former police officer’s perspective of this scam (aka Kavnaugh’s trial)    
 	i don't need his perspective, i already have enough sense to have a perspective 
 		hey cunt , go parrot elsewhere, stay stupid for all i care, you weren't worth trying to break out of the parroting in the first place  
 Yea preg wetback women going thru the desert, getting tied up on rape trees, with little water has nothing to do with them having more miscarriages, must be Whitey's fault.  Also black/brown women have shorter normal pregs    
 Some Republicans are remembering how to win. 
 	He needed to just turn around punch that cunt in her pussy kicker. 
 Shady Jew Fake News Fooled The Usa Into Wwii   And the shady jew fake news hasn’t stopped since.    
 	If you are alarmed by shady jews, why do you post a link to their website?  That seems like Tnb. 
 		Yes, and non sequitur why?  Did you learn this from your little nigger tier bhagwan Anglin.  This is what passes for kike wisdom now a days, pathetic. 
 Yet Another fat, stupid, commie, bull dyke oinks out:    
 I haven't been on gab much lately.  If you can no longer see a post you replied to, does that mean the person blocked you?  Because if so, Lol, I got some "Dna don't real!" faggot real fucking mad. 
 Despite Booming Economy, Vacant Storefronts Common In San Fran.  
 		Lots of people live in the area, for some reason. I suspect high rents, high local taxes and streets covered in shit are more likely to blame. 
 		Lots of people live in the area, for some reason. I suspect high rents, high local taxes and streets covered in shit are more likely to blame. 
 		 Lol. So what you're saying is that the other four have had more sense to listen to faggot boy and turn themselves into the pigs? Thanks for the update. 
 Can I fetch anyone a Midol? 
 	This traitorous raghead see-you-next-Tuesday actually thinks anyone gives a damn what she says.  History will not treat Her kindly.  And Mr. Justice Kavanaugh now has the last laugh.  Maga! 
 	This traitorous raghead see-you-next-Tuesday actually thinks anyone gives a damn what she says.  History will not treat Her kindly.  And Mr. Justice Kavanaugh now has the last laugh.  Maga! 
 I just read an article saying that anyone who makes over 75k is upper class. Does that sound right to anyone? I would consider that middle class. To me 100k would be upper middle and 200k+ is upper class. 
 	Depends. 75 k in Ms, La and Al is a lot more than Ny, Ca or Hawaii. 
 		That's the thing, we outnumber the idiots, we have to start speaking out by saying Stfu retard when they spout off. 
 			Nope! This one doesn't know the difference between being anti-White and anti-National Socialist lol 
 				But I do know the difference between someone being serious and someone Trolling. You are not serious. You are Trolling. :^) 
 					What have I said that isn't serious exactly? That anti-white hatred is different to anti-NatSoc hatred? I think that's a very serious point that none of you lot can grasp. Bloody crying that because I rip the arses out of some white racist types, I must hate the white race. Pathetic cop out that is lol 
 						Pretty much everything I've read from you today has been Trollish and not serious.  Why would you hate NatSocs but not Whites in general?  That would imply (but not prove) that you either are Jewish, or you love the Jews. Either way.  The Jews' own Holy Books tell them that we are only cattle to be farmed, milked, then slaughtered.  That's Anti-White. Full stop. 
 								I also notice that you didn't deny either being Jewish, or being in love with them.  If you are a Jew, or in love with them, you are Anti-White.  Full Stop.  No further argument necessary. 
 													Hehe 
 My videos are incredibly racist to be fair. 
 	against birds anyway 
 			No I don’t  
 			No I don’t  
 Nigger Fucking Cunt Should Be Slit Open From Stem To Stern 
 	 
 		B'elanna is kinda hot though tbh 
 	Sad 
 	On the bright side, her rotten genetics can now be spotted from a block away.  Here's what needs to happen, at least to begin with:  
 Seriously, what good are you? What talents or skills do you have? I mean real world value. Minions only get their worth from serving their masters. You stand all wide eyed and gape mouthed before the programmers just waiting to get the next slogan. Then you scurry away into the streets to spread the masters lies. Do you know what the brown shirts were? 
 	I sincerely doubt that this liberal cunt paid attention in history class.  
 Just how many more escaped convicts are running about and claiming "asylum". Why is there No criminal check - Oh wait, All the asylum seekers are innocent persecuted people "think of the children", the litany chanted by the open boarders retarded loonys. Rapists and murderers flock to safe haven Uk!        
 The police getting involved in this is wrong in so many ways, but bearing in mind Linehams general hatred of free speech and screams for Dankula to be jailed I'm thinking Karma got it right this time.    
 	It's the only way these fuckers will learn.  
 		for being a terrorist supporting cunt ;-) 
 		I could see that filth die, and never blink. 
 		Amen, Comrade! I'd greet it with a hearty smile!  
 		And a Hail! 14/88 
 		And a Hail! 14/88 
 	It's the jews! Lol! 
 		fuck off commie kike faggot 
 Keep destroying your progeny. People like you will have eliminated yourselves from the earth within a few generations.  
 	Hitlery Clinton is a Cunt and should disappear. 
 	Hitlery Clinton is a Cunt and should disappear. 
 Hot Chocolate - Every 1's a winner       
 	nigger lover 
 Apparently people should be forced to be attracted to people they're not attracted to. What's next? People shouldn't be allowed to discriminate based on gender? 
 	dave they already made videos about how not wanting a chick with a dick or a guy with a cunt is transphobic that was so last year  
 Trump supporters truck burned and destroyed in Washington state for having pro-Trump bumper stickers.    
 	At what point do I take the chains off this 7ft overalls wearing hay throwing redneck and let him eat communist ass for dinner? 
 Have you heard Kamala Harris talk? She's all attitude with no brains. She's a typical nigger teacher. She probably thinks this is no different than schooling children and she's "totes killing it". She must be sub 90 Iq. 
  
 	Twat 
 	Twat 
  
 	Cunt 
 	Cunt 
 	hEY Galt I read your bio.  Is it raining in Cascadia Yet!  I lived there 37 yrs.  Most people pussy out before 5 winters have passed. 
 		Benefits pay his gas bills :) 
 			the problem with Cascadia is that it fucking rains 8 months a year nonstop.  I did enjoy living in an America  that is Nigger free but I found an even better place to do that. 
 Elizabeth Warren’s Dna match is to Latin Americans, not Native Americans   
 	did 23&me give her that 4% nigger Dna too? 
 Anon:   >"problematic"   >goblins are metaphors for jews   Where do they get such wild ideas like this.   Also I love that they're being retarded enough to name themselves. 
 The article, to its credit, actually is a pretty good explanation of the meme.  Also, it underscores how retarded Twitter is.  The guy's example of why Twitter "had to" take action was an account that said the incorrect election day.  That was seriously considered "election tampering."  Xd 
 I would like to thank the Bbc and the Itv for giving us a new game to play.   " It's called spot the nigger in newscasts and adverts." 
 		 - According to report, faggot got only "minor injuries". The homo was "gay baiting" a group of 4 friends in a public place- fag wanted to get hurt. 
 To all  followers -  You will be identified. You will be exposed. You will lose your employment.  You will lose your housing. The government has the right and responsibility to expose the identity of those prone to violence against American citizens. You cannot hide your true identity. 
 	fucking commie faggot  
 			None of these gods are your gods though. 
 				Really, western(white) civilization was built on Christianity. Irish pagans adopted islam instead of fighting it.   You could all be saying math is the work of the devil from your shithole without it. 
 					So are you saying whites sucked before Christianity? 
 						No, I'm saying the romans shed paganism for a reason, it sucked at uniting people against the jew as one example. 
 					Christianity is antithetical to white nationalism.  They believe Europe was a shithole before Christianity.    *correcting his historical inaccuracy is fruitless as this isn’t a debate of fact.  Poke a Christian and in two comments they’ll throw their entire people under the bus to protect a sand jew 
 						Lol haven't checked the genetics of romans have you.  The goal of white nationalism should be getting rid of the jew, which is all over the bible, where do pagan gods say jews are to be persecuted forever?    Typical subversive bullshit 
 					> Irish pagans adopted islam instead of fighting it. Why do you lie? Why do you need to come up with this bullshit? Pakis are in the Uk and Ireland because both liberal and conservative parties(Including christians) fought tooth and nail to bring them over to the Isles.  
 Knew nothing about any misconduct: Witnesses stick to stories as Fbi digs into Kavanaugh case via    pic.twitter.com/CcLWP8zvh3 
 	The statue of limitations ran out . She lied for political reasons since she is involved with the abortion pill. She is a Liar!  She is a thief since she took $750,000 from the mentally retarded that do not comprehend the Dnc's intentions.  He isn't on trial. It is a job interview! 
  
 	 
 		I did run across a translator for nigger speak 
 All this group is doing is dividing whites. Whites dividing whites. How very jewish. Applaud yourselves. 
 	I love how you guys think this group is filled with non-whites fighting w whites therefore I’m wrong, so you downvote me. Gab is majority white. This grp is specifically attacking a religion & then White Christians comment & you attack them. There is so much white division specifically in this grp. You can say you’re not attacking whites but you are. 
 		no we hate christianity cause it's jewish and it's leaders are  jews isrealites samaritians and whatever else that is in the not so holy kike book ,it's a desert sand nigger Ideology ,That is not European  
 Are you the same brain damaged moron that showed up last time? Go away I don't feel like listening to your psycho babble. Sorry retard you'll have to go bother someone else tonight 
  
 	What a fucking moronic meme! Niggers have different blood types than humans, and they die each year because they don't bother to donate blood of their own types. Yt blood types aren't compatible with nigger monkey blood types, so a nigger with sickle cell monkey blood who needs a transfusion is shit out of luck unless the hospital has some in stock.    
 These days Twitter isn't even bothering to give a reason for why they're suspending an account. They're slapping people with lifetime bans just because. 
 		Yeah. But also, you know, trolling.  There's no one to troll on Gab. 
 				Yeah that's the thing though. Trolling magapedes just isn't as much fun. Feels too much like picking on downies. 
 Congrats Nazis, on showing the Jews who’s superior. You bunch of retarded fucking cocksuckers have proven that nobody likes you and in doing so have send a blow back on those of us who enjoy uncensored speech. 
 Bill De Blasio Announces ‘X’ Option For Gender On Birth Certificates    
 	Can we have a "I voted for this Cunt last time" option on ballots too? 
 Despite encouraging her 112 million Instagram followers to register to vote Democrat in next month’s mid-term elections, Taylor Swift herself is not registered to vote in Tennessee, according to the State’s official voter registration database.    
 	Everyone in Tennessee has disowned this cunt. that's just like everybody up where Shania Twain is from and Canada told her to get fuckung lost and not come back they all knew slutty cunt when they see one 
 Americans. Not Black Americans. Not African Americans. Americans. Americans.     
 	Americans. Not black Americans; not African Americans; Americans. 
 		They're nigger Americans. You can even see it on my black-and-white screen. Get over yourself, you colourblind human being. 
 Hillary Clinton: ‘The Way Trump Debated Me, It Was Imbued with Sexism’  
 	translation- Trump didn't give me deferential treatment because I claim to have a vagina, he treated me like anyone else 
 		another faggot playing the victim card this ladyboy is a pissant 
 	I hope you love cats. 
 		I do.and dogs, and kids, and my husband.  And birds for that matter.like little souls visiting from heaven.  All set on my likes, thank you Judge. 
 			Oh, I thought you said dating advice!   Paleo diet is the way. 
 				I Clearly wasn’t asking for dating advice, or are your mental facilities severely limited?  However, it was very nice of you to tell me I’m Sol in the dating marked if I am chubby.  Shallow and mean really  what are you doing on the ladies page anyway? 
 							You still here? Less posting, more aerobics! 
 								Free Speech Judge, Get used to it. ;-) 
 											Only one way to be sure - 60,000+ posts.   Get reading! 
 I see Gab is starting to experience a nigger problem as well. No probs - if we can shit porn spamming kikes out, we can shit porn spamming niggers out. 
 What I got - Sublime    "Well, life is too short, so love the one you got  'Cause you might get run over or you might get shot  Never start no static I just get it off my chest  Never had to battle with no bulletproof vest  Take a small example, take a tip from me  Take all of your money, give it all to charity"   
 	Well, the idiot liberal that the wrote song shot himself 
 		And stop trying to be edgy faggot 
 Every. Single. Time. 
 	Why is this jew dyke talking about daughters 
 Eh go fuck yourself dude, thanks you faggot ass bitch  
 What if I started designating Monday as "Guest Day" on the Radical Agenda, and try to book guests once a week? 
 	I like guest shows because it is more entertaining radio. It also cuts down the number of retarded callers allowed to speak, and when people do call, it's on the subjects being talked about. 
 I'M Done. Wtf 
 	Look's like more of a Confession then a Direct Order   Roe-bot !   Mutilation is Racist   There Is Only One Race !   The Human One !   Chelsea Clinton the idiot Roe-bot with the Horse Face ! 
 		How fucking retarded must you be to actually think this?  
 Nazi's are not your friends.  They just want their silly war so they can kill the Jews.  They don't care about you.  All they care about is their hate. 
 	Most of us didn't wake up and want this war.  The Jews are taking the war to us.  We didn't start the war, but we won't back down. 
 		What war?  All I see is a lotta whining on the Internet. 
 			You sound like a fucking loser lurking around on an alt media site when your wife isn’t home to fight Nazis.  What a faggot cuckold little bitch. 
 Protesters Cry As Kavanaugh Vote Announced    
 	their tears make me happy. keep on crying you friggin dumb shits. and who's the faggot in the striped shirt? 
 Just received a "Presidential Emergency Broadcast Test" notification on my cell phone.  Anyone else get this? 
 		Moar. 
 		Have you heard of more than the 51,000 they were talking about! Jesus, I need to get some 2x4s for the door and lots of chips and dip -- this is about to get interesting.  
 		Have you heard of more than the 51,000 they were talking about! Jesus, I need to get some 2x4s for the door and lots of chips and dip -- this is about to get interesting.  
 In Nyt Op-Ed, George Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages  
 		gotta tell you, you're a man of few words but they sure do make me laugh. good job! 
 		:) thanks.I tell it like I see it.free speech is great! 
 		:) thanks.I tell it like I see it.free speech is great! 
  
 	We have homeless people everywhere.  How can we take in any migrants?   
 		migrants are not an issue. >>ilegal aliens<< are. <<criminals>> To call these migrants is the first step of slurping the leftist kool-aid. <<criminals>> 
 			So. We have blurred this line quite a bit.   The current migration is so stupid, they do not know that legal migration is as simple as signing in at the door.     Legal migration is a scam too.    No more migrants until the retarded boomer government can get the homeless off the streets. 
 				The homeless are not necessarily homeless because there wouldn't be enough housing. The issue is more complicated than that. I also don't like the idea of having .gov involved in how everybody ought to live. Government bail-outs are always wrong. Veterans is a different thing. The Gov is responsible to take care for those who fought it's wars. 
 					Yeah.   I understand that a small part of society are homeless because they are to stupid to thrive.   But we are under attack and smart, qualified workers are homeless all over the place.  Ignoring this problem will lead to even you sharing their fate.   
 					Yeah.   I understand that a small part of society are homeless because they are to stupid to thrive.   But we are under attack and smart, qualified workers are homeless all over the place.  Ignoring this problem will lead to even you sharing their fate.   
 	Go get 'em nigger ! 
 Of course, nigger criminals getting relative slaps on the wrist for heinous crimes is not new and I don't doubt for a moment one of "our guys" would get life without parole for killing someone who objectively deserved it. That's anarcho-tyranny. 
 gay ass nigger sucking Plecotomus. 
 How many what? How many gay faggot ass nazis like Mr. Hanky RearEnd will I let live with me?  Oh, they can come see me.  Come See Me.   
 It's about time.    Senate candidate calls for state investigation of Keith  (D-Mn) allegations         
 	Expel his muzzie sick ass, To The Curb. 
 	I myself don't care if you have sex with your mother i just get tried of the slave shit i am not old enough to have had a slave i just wont every one to know we are all slaves to the Government you buy a house but you never own it you pay taxes until you don't have any money think about it we are slaves we stay poor they get richer 
 		There is a reason Niggers were enslaved. Too stupid for anything but manual labour. The perfect slave. 
 	Maybe they are only butt pirates or corn hole drillers. 
 The leftard actors who appear in this ad are really sad because they haven't received enough downvotes. Please help them:      .and after that, continue helping them by not watching any of their movies ever again.   It'S The Right Thing To Do.   -   (If you would like to be added to or removed from this tag list, please let me know)  cc:                                            @1001cutz                
 		Oh my word, Rez, I didn't even check the date . Still, I suspect they haven't gotten any less retarded since then. Very good comment you quoted there. It's a good thing Americans didn't have to experience what it would've been like to have Victimary as president. 
  explains what's worse than a 's anger.        
 	What this twat fails to take into account, is that women are also   mothers to sons,   sisters to brothers,   daughters to fathers,   wives to husbands,   and we will fight to the death to protect these men from being falsely accused and persecuted. 
 		 
 		 
 With all the talk of Dna testing, now is good time to remind people to never use any Dna testing company. They are mining data for future use, just like Facebook did in their early years.     
 	They will say that you are some part Muslim or black or Asian when you aren't so you'll feel sympathetic to that race. It's a despicable practice.  
 		I cant imagime beind told in a lie I'm of sandnigger or nigger heritage.  
    Another Disturbed song. Sorry there was never a official video clip for this one.   Disturbed - Monster    
 		fuck off communist aussie faggot 
 White Nationalist Richard Spencer’s Wife Says In Divorce Filings That He Physically And Emotionally Abused Her  
 	 Even Their Leader Is Running Off HIs Woman 
 		No comment. ! But I will say that a lot of the ideas going around in the Dolt Right Would encourage a generation of abusers. Enough is enough. 
 			Why the fuck would you, Even consider using something from those Sand nigger fucks  
 Held for 'subverting democracy' I don't know whether to laugh or cry?    
 	It All went Retarded with this style of low class un militant level attack.  Had they even measured to 1/10 that of Oath Keepers, the mission ends.   Instead:  suspects injured foreign residents in Chemnitz using glass bottles, steel knuckle gloves, and tasers,  basically a high school gang bashing. 
 	It All went Retarded with this style of low class un militant level attack.  Had they even measured to 1/10 that of Oath Keepers, the mission ends.   Instead:  suspects injured foreign residents in Chemnitz using glass bottles, steel knuckle gloves, and tasers,  basically a high school gang bashing. 
 I know a great place that sells lynchin-rope at wholesale prices. Atwoods Farm & Ranch 
 			That's the truth. 
 			That's the truth. 
 Which makes it totally amazing that some think Jews control the world. 
 	Not the world.just America 
 		Depends upon who you talk to.  
 						Not a redneck or a bible thumper, so, as you continue to post inaccuracies remember you haven’t supported any of your assertions with credible evidence.  The 2020 census will determine the demographics not you.  
 						Not a redneck or a bible thumper, so, as you continue to post inaccuracies remember you haven’t supported any of your assertions with credible evidence.  The 2020 census will determine the demographics not you.  
 Synagogue shooter Robert Bowers has a IMDb page?   Didn't the Pulse Night club shooter have one as well?   "They" are going to doing keep these false flags going until the mid-term elections.   Be safe and vigilant.        
 	So if its anyone but republicans its a false flag to you? Just shows how demented you are. A group of kids could be shot to death and you wouldn't care, because its just a "false flag" operation. Also if that is the same Robert Bowers notice how his Imdb is for stuff from 2000 and before so even if they are the same person it doesn't mean anything. 
 		Says the retarded Npc.  Go back Dorseyland.  His Poz-hole puckered ass is waiting for you. 
  
 		Have fun with your nigger neighbors  
 Hey Nazi’s, you know hitler didn’t believe in the second amendment, right ? So, have you given up your arms yet, and are you ready to be under state owned enslavement ? Both of these guys were selling an absolute lie, from which they, their friends, and comrades benefited greatly ! 
 		I doubt it, cunt 
 Christopher Columbus did nothing wrong. 
 	Strange how some on the left decry western imperialism while also claiming to believe in "open boarders".  They love to shame those with "unenlightened" views e.g. transphobia, Islamophobia.   What are the 2 biggest so called sins of Columbus?  Going across an open boarder and treating the natives like rube savages?  Hmmm.  Something seems off. 
 	Strange how some on the left decry western imperialism while also claiming to believe in "open boarders".  They love to shame those with "unenlightened" views e.g. transphobia, Islamophobia.   What are the 2 biggest so called sins of Columbus?  Going across an open boarder and treating the natives like rube savages?  Hmmm.  Something seems off. 
 Who does that hmm bradley cooper ? Charlize theron this cunt long slack jaw cunt jennings  
 I wonder what all the lawyers, politicans, and media elite surrounding this Investigation have in common? 
 	I am thankful that Usa blesses Jewish people. If U wanna be destroyed, curse His people.   Having said that, it does seem odd if Usa has only Jewish & Papists on the . Evangelicals shud have a seat. Lawyers shud only have 1 seat. 
 			 It sounds like the Jews are your daddy  
 				I hate jews, the fact you are rushing in here to defend them sounds like you have a jewish daddy, schlomo. 
 					 Anger makes you a weak man.  Your enemies destroy you with it.  I'm saying this to help you.  You're boring, piss on someone else now  
 								I only fucked Christ up the ass to prove a point.    
 								I only fucked Christ up the ass to prove a point.    
 Trump just proudly declared he is a Nationalist for America. 
 	Next step is to declare himself a Nationalist for the White Race.  
 		lol, yeah America is blessed with $20 trillion in debt due to jew-bankers, pornography of every kind produced by jewish directors, jew-hollywood movies promoting sodomy and transexuality, plus opiate addictions from jew-run pharma companies, plus waves of nigger crime thanks to the jew-run slave trade in the 1800's.  
 	It said no technology and you posted a technology question to Science.   Also you are clearly stupid and have nothing worthwhile to contribute.   Sorry not sorry.   Bye! 
 		A retarded idiot, worthless arrogant ignorant. In charge of "science" group.    It must be as every bit retarded as you are.    Garbage person, garbage group. 
 No Republican Or Independent Can Sit Out This Election!  If You Do NoT Vote FOr Common Sense RepublicanS You Allow The Socialists To Have YouR Vote!               .@kellsbellsSC                                                                         @                         
 	My Elephant Rep in Congress is a really mushy Rino. I have to hold my nose to vote for him.  So I just go ahead and vote against the Jackass Party candidate.  I usually try to vote on the Conservative Party line since the Right To Life Party disappeared.  But it's slim pickins here is Ny State. 
 		Really sad all over the West people are in the same boat more and more with every intake of snouts-in-the-trough- but the "drip drip drip" of Patriotism is beginning to crack the dyke -  
 		Really sad all over the West people are in the same boat more and more with every intake of snouts-in-the-trough- but the "drip drip drip" of Patriotism is beginning to crack the dyke -  
 				Amen to that NCgal! The nigger is nothing but problems 
 nice word control, thirsty nigger man 
 Well his fat ugly mug is known now mate. Lots of German lads with baseball bats around. Accidents can happen when you're a fat twat walking down a long flight of stairs ;) 
 Looks like minority enthusiasm for Trump is exceeding expectations!  
 	Minorities will never vote for Republican candidates.   Any minority group knows its survival rests in taking power away from the majority, who can still send the minority group away.   Whether they are "nice" or not, sooner or later they will act against the majority. 
 		Very untrue, and very unhelpful. There always are people among minority groups who are disgusted by their tribe's behavior and sincerely want to blend in with the majority. Repelling them is either stupidity or sabotage. 
 				I told it I wasn't scared to die and asked the kike if he was. It fled with jazz hands, oy vey terror. 
 					The kike was trying to convince the evil White goyim that infinity nigger was totes cool.  
 Don't let Kavanaugh's victory make you relax or go soft. We are winning, for now, But they are raising an an army of brainwashed children of illegal immigrants, so-called refugees, minorities and suburban white kids. They are using our public school system to do it, our tax dollars, and when these kids hit their early adult years, they don't mince words.this case point, a group dedicated to sabotaging "Christian supremacy." What do you think that means? It starts with deplatforming, banning and fake rape accusations but the next step is extreme violence. Watch how, in this video, they speak calmly a measured at first but end with yelling "sabotage Christian supremacy!"     
 	What the hell did I just watch? "We carry the pain at a cellular level because of the collective memory of our ancestral trauma"! Wtf does that even mean? You'd have to be on acid to even string those words together and pretend they're cohesive.  
 		Same thing Pagans say about evil misogynist racist White Christians Tbh.  
 			Ironically the "Alt Right misogynist racist White Christians" also seem to believe in a historical trauma being committed against their collective identity which is why they have a tone of victimization in their social media posts. It's actually fascinating how many of the radical left's ideas are shared on the alt-right. 
 				Historical? I can point to a law book Today and prove White males are being exploited, (Affirmative Action, Duluth model, Care based morality codes.). I can point to countless examples of right wing censorship Irl, on line, making us the only true victims in existence today. Fuck history. Stop stealing my money and crying. 
 					I never said they weren't. And I never said you were wrong. But the fact that you ignored that and had to go the extra mile to tell me me how you're being exploited is the exact victimization "tone" I was talking about. You literally just proved my point. Nice job. 
 							Stoned people will laugh at anything. I said much of their tone. Not all. I said they share positions with the left. Such as the same foreign policy as Barack Obama. You're going to have to master English a little better first before you try to take me on. Come back next year. 
 							Stoned people will laugh at anything. I said much of their tone. Not all. I said they share positions with the left. Such as the same foreign policy as Barack Obama. You're going to have to master English a little better first before you try to take me on. Come back next year. 
 what the actual fuck! ! the british military have gone full retard    
 Second  action I have for you player characters:  automobiles-   Basic scene of an epsilon white bitch male & his nigger ho laughing and smiling and twirling about and so on and so on while on a road trip. They likely were thinking about Shaniqua using the strap-on that night on her pathetic bf. Folks, Jap cars are better, and made with more pride- 
 arron rodgers doesnt have a superman cape, detroiters see the faggot that he is, like 50 said, "pop tart nigga, hard on the outside soft on the inside" 
 What could possibly go wrong? 
 	Hey dummies, those are empty. 
 		1. Maybe he is a retard 2. This is the 'humor' section 3. You call people dummies for commenting on someone throwing sparks in a 'no smoking' area?  If this were a serious post, something of importance, go for it, but it is not. Personally, I think he Is a few bricks short of a load.   Thank you, CHRIsTIANsoldier for your kind input into the post.  No back to our regularly scheduled funny post. 
 		I would be livid. The school is really saying "Sorry, not sorry" because they know it can't be unseen.  
 			Don't just be livid.  Go into the school and tell the principal he's a faggot and then ask him why the school's test scores are so low and then call him a faggot again.  And then do that every day.  Make his life living hell.   
 Censorship is fundamentally dumb and yields no long term benefit, because it's impossible to control another person's thoughts and feelings. You must provide info. Even if you censor someone, you haven't changed their mind. Thus, censorship is useless. You must change people's minds with facts and arguements, not abuse your power and use violence. 
 	But they censored Blair's thoughts and feelings. He still has a court drama pending. I hope he wins and shows Australia we have psychopathic rulers, not rule of law. 
 		I would Love to troll these morons by dressing up as Hitler and sieg heiling them! You can bet antifa would be there in minutes, cops standing by just watching and then Abc would write a stupid article about it lol. These radical lefties take everything so seriously, no wonder they can't meme and write retarded posts where the irony goes right over! 
 I owe Blacks absolutely nothing and do not seek forgiveness. If, however, making them 'whole' consists of giving them a hand in returning to their ancestral homelands, I'm all ears!      
 		No, they didn’t. Sorry. 
 			but they did sir, they did 
 				No, not really. 
 				No, not really. 
 Directions to the special needs school I bet.  However, it isn't legal anymore to shoot a nigger in the back running away from you.  You can only shoot them after they break in.  The sad fact is that the old white guy will be convicted.  The stupid nigger kid will sue and get a huge amount of money. 
 Breaking: Police to charge man who roundhouse kicked pro-life woman  
 	Faggot should be beaten to death.  
 Faggot 
 	you all could just. disassociate 
 	you all could just. disassociate 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
   Point and laugh. 
 			 
 			Fresh and new science pussy 
  Live: Trump Throws Down The Gauntlet of Nationalism, Terrifying Globalists and Their Leftist Minions  Elite To Crash Stock Market   Tuesday, October 23rd: Showdown Brewing/strong> - Over 100k people showed up for a chance to see President Trump in Houston, Texas, on Monday, indicating that the Gop is gaining momentum before the midterm elections. That said, corporate pollsters are suggesting that Democrats will retake the House.   Additionally, the migrant caravan has reportedly swelled to over 14,000 as it marches closer to the Us border. Video commentator Ricky Berwick joins the show to discuss the flashpoint in history we're now experiencing. Tune in!   Tune in M-F 11am-3pm Ct & Sundays 4pm-6pm Ct: infowars.com/show    Subscribe: infowars.com/newsletter    Android users download while you can: infowars.com/app   Get Mobile Alerts  Text: News  To: 33222 
 	Someone tell Don Lemon that he can relax, Trump said Nationalist, not National Socialist.  
 		Don[na]'s just upset about Faggot marriages being disavowed. 
 Trump has to kiss the jew ass because the normie retard public cant face that the rat fks run everything and hate them, yet.  
 Stacey Abrams caught on tape blatantly stating that the Democrat "Blue Wave" is based on illegal immigrants voting for them.     
 	Nigger 
 Democrats do not have logic!  They are all Retarded! Democrats are all Retarded.  This is a simple fact.  But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons.  Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place.  Most immigrants fall into this category.  The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling.  They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function.  Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet.  They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive.   All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway.  They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction.  Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather.  They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains!  
 Too much drama about this, it's getting ridiculous. Some even said the alert was a "mental rape", like if it couldn't be ignored easily like any other crap on email, facebook, sms, etc But people are doing all this retarded drama Bs 'attack', because it is Trump, anything that helps their agenda and support their braindead desease it is good. 
 Yes, we hear you loud and clear.  Now please tell others at the Twat to come over here at Gab.  Cernovich, Stealth Jeff, Rex Imperator, Undercover Huber.   
 Actual Pocahontas Descendant [Debbie White Dove Porreco] Calls Out Elizabeth Warren    
 	I am a documented descendent of Pocahontas. I'll call out Elizabeth 1/1024 Warren. 
 			Besides that, the conquered have no say. Shoulda done better. 
 				You sayin I have no say? 
 					If you're a filthy red nigger savage, then yes, you dont get a say. imo.  
       
 	jewish faggot 
 	they cheered to john bolton, nikki haley and now lindsay graham they went full retard a long time ago  
 Published on 11 Oct 2018   Full  Kanye West Shocking Speech at Explosive Meeting with President Trump, Jim Brown   [embedyt]     ~ Space Force News 
 	It's shocking alright. A year ago nobody took him seriously, throw a maga hat on him and some of you be like yo, fuck my race.    muh nigger lovers. 
 Why on earth are people making big fucking deal with Tommy Robinson with army he is not far right he like all of has normal person jealous because he has friend and not the new media that away around Isis supports cunt s get life and leave him a lone the army love Tommy Robinson and he love s the army he doing fuck all wrong 
 While the media obsesses over this mail bomb false flag, Senator Cory Booker (who conveniently received a fake mail bomb today) has been accused of sexual assault by a registered Democrat, gay man.   Remember when Cory Booker said "all sexual abuse allegations should be believed" during the Kavanaugh confirmation?   Remove Cory Booker?        
 	boring 'spartacus' cooker - we need full fbi plus a public hanging for the faggot moron 
 	Someone needs to nail your despicable As to a tree!  Why don't you go away you piece of human sewage! We don't need moral degenerates on Gab!  This keeps people away that have a functioning brain! 
 I dare those retarded Antifa witches (gawd it sounds like a dumb term Chris-chan would make up) to try to hex me. I bet they don't even have the balls to do so, because I'm effeminate but I'm still manlier than an Antifa witch like this soyboy Npc.    
  
 	 
 		Bastard. 
 			Who? You mean that half nigger kid right? 
 Democratic Senator Suggests Fbi Investigation Was ‘A Farce’      
 	Obzeen stands with Dyke Chink activists 
 Rage!   What I Would Do To This Pos!   Texas Father Sentenced To 244 Years For Raping 38-Day-Old Daughter.   The baby had 45 broken bones    
 	How much  is this gonna cost to keep this cunt locked up, should,be been taken to a barn, hung upside down, skinned! Then had organ,s removed while still alive 
 	This is from a Nra mag. the gun ad. 
 	This is from a Nra mag. the gun ad. 
 Now I get it, so this is what the muzzie means regarding pigs being dirty animals  
 	Could be worse, the pig could be hanging out the back of a goat! 
 		  
 	Terrible the way humans treat other animals. 
 	Meme is funny, but this is not likely real life situation lol. Pigs are very intelligent and sensitive animals, and like all other animals they Know when they are taken for slaughter. Actually, it's quite difficult to get them in truck, as they try to  escape. 
 	One last pork with his sausage  
 	One last pork with his sausage  
 This is Nelly Jerez, Honduras’ sub-secretary of international relations. She is in charge of and oversees migrant issues in Honduras. Why does she have an Israeli flag in her office? Why does it have the same prominence as the Honduran flag?  
 	Not even trying to hide it anymore.but wait some  faggot will put us at ease in 3, 2, 1. 
 Leftists are the ones that created the Npc meme in the first place so they could paint the right as a bunch of homicidal maniacs when a false flag shooting happens.   Dehumanizing themselves to dehumanize the enemy. 
 		um wut? 
 		um wut? 
 Chuck Schumer: "President Trump's outright mockery of a sexual assault survivor, riddled as it was with falsehoods, was reprehensible, beneath the office of the presidency, and beneath common decency from one person to another. President Trump owes Dr. Ford an immediate apology."  
 	Fuck off you lying shitbag good for nothing yid cunt 
 Biological Male Wins World Championship In Women’s Cycling   Cause upside down is right side up now.  Seems fair.   #57Genders     
 	Another guy "beating" girls? 
 		another faggot beating girls  
 Da man or da ho need money sanz before they have chitlin, so we breeding with rich diseased Jews reaping retarded children  
 		Lmfao.the ignorant cunt speaks.nigger & kike are the extent of her vocabulary.priceless.again.cunt 
 Aa Somali immigrant who supports Sharia, Fgm & insurance payouts to families of terrorists was arrested in 2013 for Trespassing in Minnesota. She resisted arrest & was aggressive with police. She is running for Congress In MInNESOTA!    
 	She committed crimes. . No more exceptions. 
 			I was more of a mind to collapse the whole building with everyone inside, bulldoze, pave, and build some Bbq pork shops. 
 				I don't mind that, would love me some nice Bbq'd pork. Damn I want a few nice pork sandwiches, that would be sweet. 
 				I don't mind that, would love me some nice Bbq'd pork. Damn I want a few nice pork sandwiches, that would be sweet. 
 Revolution is coming you need to listen to this  Tommy Robinson at OldTrafford.   This went on all day.  Music to our ears.  Get this song at every game. Tommy is a true working class hero   
 	what were they actually saying? 
 		Bwahaha. man, I hate those retarded chants - they really got on my nerves with that football type slogan. 
 Faggot Oliver Darcy is now going after the great Lou Dobbs  
 	who does this all serve?   It must be that 6th dimensional chess that is starting to take hold.  Why doesn’t this dumb cunt maybe the preeminent cunt, Some of my female managers not withstanding, just go out into the woods and not come back. She is not even worth the jocular value her mad muttering evoke. 
 	who does this all serve?   It must be that 6th dimensional chess that is starting to take hold.  Why doesn’t this dumb cunt maybe the preeminent cunt, Some of my female managers not withstanding, just go out into the woods and not come back. She is not even worth the jocular value her mad muttering evoke. 
 Sad 
 		Filthy Nigger bastards.it's the Jews who are the ones making these tv shows and movies though 
  nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger  
 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, crumbles to Trump as Usa set to install massive tariffs that would crush Canadian economy.Canada joins Mexico in 11th hour deal.Nafta is Dead.   A Promise Kept: President Donald J. Trump is delivering on his promise to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) so all American workers can benefit. 
 	Trudeau is nothing more that a faggot freakazoid with out two properly functioning brain cells to rub together to form a single intelligent origional well reasoned thought of his very own  I think his momma had one of those failed abortions.maybe he can get his very own post-birth-abortion and fix that ! 
  
 				That was Planned Parenthood objective when it started. Black genocide.  
 				That was Planned Parenthood objective when it started. Black genocide.  
 Jack Dorsey is the nigger of the world 
 A lot of drink and thought, the possibilities alas no cunt  
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 		So, you’re really this stupid?  Lmfao!  I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 					Yes, I get it!  Your mother and sister and daughter are the same.  I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad.  Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 																		so are you a commie faggot or what? "comrade" 
 Deplatforming. Now where have I seen that behavior before.m 
 		Torba was a raging feminist fighting the patriarchy before moving out of Silicon Valley. Nothing's changed. 
 			All the soy in the air must have damaged his brain.  
 				Permanently. 
 				Torba's brain must be a neuron sobbing softly because it's all alone.  
 				Torba's brain must be a neuron sobbing softly because it's all alone.  
 What a nigger faggot kike 
 Officer who fatally shot Tamir Rice quits Ohio police department days after he was hired  
 	A punk ass nigger ruined another good man's life. 
 quite possibly the worst possible death. 
 	Don’t taunt redneck children 
 Same fucking thing moron You got a lot to learn retard 
      I'm confused. Can you please explain why always at Trump rallies, the people go wild clapping, whistling and calling out over mentions of Israel? What, are Americans taught in school to think they are big allies or something? 
 		The area I get heat from people that identify as conservative is the Isreal situation. I've longed since advocated reassessing our foreign relation to Isreal in terms of armaments and financial aid.   
 			Yeah that's pretty common. It's fun to switch out the country to one like China and watch their eyes go blank. It's literally as though they don't grasp that Israel is a foreign country and not America.  
 			I've yet gotten a full explanation of the benefits for our country in propping up theirs.  
 		I and others are tirelessly working day and night to correct the Mind Control the AshkeNazi Jew's have Forced into our schools, movies, music, Government, Fake News Etc. against our White Brethren!  Whites have No Biblical Obligation to send jews money or support! 
 			Through Hollyweird etc too? I don't like pop culture bullshit, but will look out for this when I'm subjected to it. 
 			Once you know you will See the mass Mk programing built into everything! Watch the Six Sense (if you dare) and understand that movie is about pedophilia and Mk Ultra Personality Splitting! 
 		Duh, that’s because they are the chosen ones, so they have the ring or the power of the force or something. 
 		That bad! Thanks, Grandpa :) And this all comes from the child/teen indoctrination system and the evangelical church teaching, Bomb Islam said. Unreal. 
 		That bad! Thanks, Grandpa :) And this all comes from the child/teen indoctrination system and the evangelical church teaching, Bomb Islam said. Unreal. 
 So Much For The 'Alt-White' Organizer Of CHARLOTTESVIlLE 'Unite The Right' 
 	Disingenuous meme   What is your evidence that  is a jew?    Edit - Jason informed me that he wasn't in occupy, it's just a myth.    His being a supporter of Occupy has long been known. Occupy started out as an anti-globalist, anti-military industrial complex movement, hey just like Trump said he was. It was also anti-banker. Then just like with what happened to the Tea Party Movement, Occupy was infiltrated by professional crazies and traitors and destroyed. Next, the Aclu support free speech and did so to assist Utr.    Now to the implication of the meme, to 'scare' people because Kessler was a lefty. Who cares. lots of our people started out on the left, before they grew up a little and dropped the utopian love fest values that infest our teen years and our twenties. It's part of growing up (unless you're a sociopath to begin with, or aren't very political and grew up in a right wing family).    Once you get older, you realise that there is no left and right, there is only Wrong and White. My guess is that the person that created this meme is an anti-white trying to cause pointless infighting and dissension, because Kessler seems to be a doer. 
 			 There're a lot of Aussies that look like him too, they're not jewish. 
 			Over here, it's usually a Scots-Irish and English ancestry mix for those kinds of guys.  
 			 That's our founding stock. We didn't get the mega chunk of Germans like you guys did mid-19th century (although we did get some Germans). So we stayed light hearted and larrikin. Didn't stop us from getting, taken over by the juden and flooded with muds though. 
 Well yea. They rewrote the whole script so Lancelot was a faggot and there was numerous lancing jokes and rainbow flags, rainbow tights, and more innuendo than I care to remember. You don't remember that? 
 Flashback: Twitter Banned Conservatives Who Would Be Covered by the Farrakhan ‘Termite‘ Loophole | Breitbart  via  
 	Jack is a fuckin faggot cuck.don’t expect any one thing out of his pussy carcass  
 faggot 
 Obama doesn't believe in making stuff up. So he'd never say anything like "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Or blame the Benghazi massacre on a YouTube video. 
 	What a moron!  He is claiming he is the reason the economy is so strong.  Hahaha after his years of blaming Bush. 
 		Nigger please! 
  
 	Another dyke id like to see die a bloody torturous painful death ! 
 Nobody Listened to her.    She's burned out. That's all.    It's time for fresh blood in that position. She became Trump for two years, and now she needs to step away. It's exhausting to do what He does. Government officials must know when they're done. She knows it's time to stop.    And.    She credits Jared Kushner for much of her success. He crafted Trump's election strategy and Middle Eastern strategy. Kushner is another Trump.    Note that Haley's resignation came as a total surprise. There were no leaks.    "The leaks are real; the news is fake."    Nothing Real ever leaks.     
 	Lmao, it's exhausting to live in a hotel that costs 5-figures a night while telling off representatives of other countries?  Where do I sign up for that exhaustion? 
 		Lmao, look at this retard trying to protect his buddies Putin and Assad while prancing around with the handle "LibertyRevolutionary."  He's 100% American, trust me!  Lmao Lololol 
 		exactly my sentiment it's pathetic   
 		exactly my sentiment it's pathetic   
 Breaking ! Active Shooter at Synagogue is , ! Multiple fatalities reported.  rears its ugly head once again! They hate us before they even get to know us, just because were . 
 	Maybe the taking of Palestine by means of terrorism has something to do with it? 
 		Is he lying faggot ? U essentially silenced someone for noticing things. Ur a straight brainwashed dipshit. He proposed an idea. You Silence Ur a communist  
 Or it could just be a retard with a keyboard. 
 Uk: Muslim live-streamed himself beating his wife, boasted I’m going to kill her today    
 	Just another Cultist,  Muzzie  
 	Just another Cultist,  Muzzie  
 Twitter: We do not want neo-nazi's here - we do not want your hateful content, take that shit else where.   Gab: We do not want loli here - we do not want your perverted content, take that shit else where.   Pro-free speech, anti-censorship until it bothers you - just like Jack-off and Fuckerberg.    
 	hmm gab is a christian site ? wow how ill informed of a retard can you be the entire point of gab is it is supposedly censorship free on a macro level the entire ethos of gab is if You the user dont like seeing something you mute it but anyone can post damn near anything as long as it is legal somewhere so saying it is a "christian site is bullshit and at the least a lie  at most a deliberate fucking lie 
 A barometer of the violent threat, a very real danger, toward    from the socialist communist  that's being incited by Obama, Holder, Hillary and their Ofa (Organized for Action) housed at Obama's residence Just 2 Miles from the White House            But   be   
 	It can be dangerous to be a faggot attention seeker.It's bad for one's health on multiple levels.Isn't it better to be just plain,normal? Shitstabbing is unnatural. 
 Owen Jones is on BBC1 if you want a laugh 
 	 + 'Daddy'   Cute eh  
 		Is the Welsh faggot sitting pn ol'Steptoe's cock?   Mind you he'll enjoy that! 
 When leftist Democrat Alabama Governor George Wallace refused to obey federal desegregation court order president Kennedy sent in national guard troops to enforce it. I think Trump should do the same in sanctuary cities. 
 	freezing cold take on ol m8 Wallace there cunt 
 Do Not sit by, people, and let a damn nigger agitator on the $20:       , nigger criminal, has a legend about her that is rather mythological. She's a negro who helped fellow niggers escape slavery. Yawn. Thank the Whites for the 13th Amendment- 
 faggot 
  
 	yo 
 		It means some faggot on the internet lmao 
 This ‘muslim woman of colour’ isn’t going to miss out on an opportunity to take some money from gullible morons. 
 	Sand nigger 
   Cunt cunt cunt cunt Lol! 
 (𝘓): "You're just LARPing as a nAhTzEe.Things get very real, very fast"    This snarky, soy-slurping faggot has no idea how real it's going to get when we finally go full fash and take out the trash. I'm impatiently waiting, and will be ready for when it does, but I'm not too sure he's gonna know what to do -- other than assume the fetal position, of course. 
  
 		I thought Jews did that? How am I pro-Jew. You're confused. 
 		I thought Jews did that? How am I pro-Jew. You're confused. 
 A cunt that speaks: 
    I’m not sure which one of you two are less qualified to be in Congress.  
 	she's retarded 
 It makes you think there is far more behind Dr Ford. 
 	You can bet Soros had something to do with it, someone needs to put that old interfering cunt out of his misery. 
 Nigger culture is Jew inspired, as is white culture. We need someone who can infuriate all races against the Zionist. 
 The whiniest goyest dog is still better than and smarter than all of the Wbc because it's members protest at funerals. Wbc = retarded hideous monsters. 
 How is everyone today? New to the group but old to the ideas. Glad if found another place to be able to speak freely about things that are being swept under the rug 
 	Funny thing, Lincoln was not really bothered either way. He just wanted to keep the south as part of the union. Slavery was not even on his radar. This was all done after the war to make him out as something else to cover over why the war happened in the first place.  
 		well he used the nigger on more then one way. he used them to slap the south in the face once they called his bluff to him on freeing them. thats why he only freed them in the south before the war broke out. He then hid behind them and used them as an ethics topic as a way to try to keep other countries from helping the south.  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Well Imagine My Shock!     
 	She’s a spoiled little no talent cunt 
 what in God’s name 
 	 
 		Let me guess.  A fat ugly (fugly) dyke And A less fugly man in drag (pervert) 
 "Occupied roman territory"    Oh by that retard logic, then Iraq is now Apart of europe and America and the sand niggers just became europeans! Congrats, your universalist belief played itself. 
 "Occupied roman territory"    Oh by that retard logic, then Iraq is now Apart of europe and America and the sand niggers just became europeans! Congrats, your universalist belief played itself. 
  
 	This Not Racial Moron Go Away, U lose argument because u don't know the argument exists cause you're retarded  then you embarrass me       in front of Him 
 	Hmmm. I wonder if Moonman could do something with that - lying nigger - go figure. 
 he's a child, you can't show enough respect to wait until he's grown up to call him a nigger and want to kill him?  
 he's a child, you can't show enough respect to wait until he's grown up to call him a nigger and want to kill him?  
 You are a stalker, you worthless cunt 
 Christine Blasey Ford Nominated for Distinguished-Alumna Award at Unc   
 	The "Lets honor a lying cunt "  award 
 Mounties, by Tom Rhodes. 
 	They missed the pic of the mountie carrying luggage across the border for illegal nigger freeloaders, and the pic of the diaperhead mountie and the one wearing the hijab. 
 There Is No Shame In BEInG A White RACIsT! I gladly admit to being a White racist. Oh how their jaws drop when I tell them that. But when they have had their fill of Nigger crime and Muslim terror they will be ready to join the New Order and we will have swastika  armbands , pins and flags ready for them, because we are expecting a big crowd ! 
 She kept going back until they finally picked her. She's the geeky retard in gym class that is always the last to be picked for someone's softball or volleyball team.  But when you get down the last one. 
 I guess that was the only way the faggot could win.   Still I laugh at him!   Transgender Woman Becomes First Ever World Champion in Women’s Cycling     
 Alright, so fucking finally I got my account disabled by Zuccthecucc. I know that some data still goes to him, but who cares about those retarded zionists ? 
 	Damn man, did a gay dude steal your girlfriend? I thought I was just triggering you but I hit onto something here. You really think homosexuality is in your face 24/7, don’t you? 
 		At home, when you sleep, when you watch tv, when you’re watching sports, when you’re going hunting, when you’re watching straight porn or having sex with your female sig other. it’s always in your mind, isn’t it?  )))That’s called being in the closet, by the way.((( 
 	      - "Time" magazine, Aug. 9, 2018 "The Biden Foundation has launched a new campaign called 'As You Are' in an effort to promote the importance of family acceptance for 'lgbtq' youth". 
 		Makes sense, biden is a pedo faggot. 
 Yeah really, this isnt the first time.  needs to put some kind of Nsfl or something in front of pics like these. Not Safe For Lunch!  Also all pictures of the cunt and the mulatto should also be censored.  Some of us just dont ever want to see their ugly mugs again. 
 	Well, I notice that the local talk-radio republicucks are yakking 'bout antifa now.   Wake-up time?   We'll see. 
 			Politicians are reactionary. They don't do anything on their own. They are responding to what their voters have been bitching at them about. Proactive politicians do not exist. 
 					What will that translate into policywise?   Is the Gop going to be "tough" on the mob? Please note their current policy agenda includes "prison reform" which is the exact opposite of their messaging. It is strongly supported by the Koch brothers 
 						Not if people like Hunter Wallace talk everyone who cares about using the Gop against the anti-white mob into removing themselves from electoral politics.   The problem with using the shortcomings of a political party as a means by which to scare people away from the process that determines its leadership and platform is that it results in the very shortcomings that one is criticizing.    If you want to meet your fate on the road you took to avoid it, abstain from electoral politics. As the agorists in the libertarian and anarcho-capitalist communities have demonstrated, abstinence is a great way to accomplish nothing while staying entirely irrelevant. 
 							There is no border wall. Illegal aliens continue to pour over the border. The political capital was spent on tax cuts and deregulation and massive increases in military spending. The Us embassy was moved to Jerusalem. Enormous sanctions were imposed on Russia. We attacked Syria twice 
 														Well there's one undeniable fact when it comes to nigger strategy over white strategy. Success. 
 Brazil has a serious. deadly serious problem that more than likely will drag it down into the cesspool of nigger civilization.Brazil is more of an african nation than an American nation because there are more than 80 million blacks living there. 
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		I'd heard Dobbs used to be with Cnn But never knew why the switch Thanks Wait Michelle Maulkin was a Kenyan Faggot Fan? 
 Full Tucker Carlson vs. Cenk Uygur of Young Turks Debate - Politicon 2018! (Audio & Video) - YouTube  
 	Wow 30 seconds of chunk and he proves he is a twat 
 Bad move. He has nothing to prove to anyone. Once a month that office is going to be like Dante's Inferno. You could power an electrical station on the passive aggressiveness alone. Good grief. He should have hired all white, Christian, straight, males who like beer and who have a family to support. I hope he likes four women telling him where his couch should go. (Psst, none of them will agree on the location either), pumpkin spice latte dripped all over the briefings they type, hair clogging up his office bathroom sink, and no one who can stay late because they have to pick up little Johnny from the babysitters!  Oh, And Dems will still call him a gang rapist until the day he dies. 
 	Hahahaha what a faggot lmao someone nuke us already 
 The Glazov Gang-Islamic Lobbyist Saba Ahmed vs. Ex-Islamic Imam Mark Christian    
 		And from what I hear the Muslims say.tighter.heh 
 		And from what I hear the Muslims say.tighter.heh 
 Anti-Hitler 
 	Great disinfo faggot 
 Jp Is A Cowardly Cuck Faggot Who Sucks Jew Balls.  
 Georgetown Prof Who Tweeted "Castrate Corpses" of White Men Placed on Leave  via  
 		True that. 
 		Only because her Uni decided that the funding might not be forthcoming any longer!  Once it has died down, this feral bovine will be back, unchastised!  
 		I am a woman, but this shows their Iq drop of about 30 points  
 		I am a woman, but this shows their Iq drop of about 30 points  
 Fuck you. Don’t even start with that nonsense. 
 	It’s true.  Bunch of racist fascist trump supporting retarded sheep on here 
 Anyone who prefers to remain under Jewish slavery rather than work with other groups to free themselves, must either be retarded or Jewish troll. 
 We never voted for Multiculturalism but we got it, we never voted for open borders but we got it. We voted for something we want in Brexit and they, the establishment don’t want it.   Democracy at this point is a mere illusion, we are living in a Totalitarian State!    It’s time we woke up! 
 	 
 		A Limey Paki 
 The  is in total panic as Trump movement keeps gaining momentum.    They even had to bring out their token Black guy in a feeble attempt to discredit the administration.    Lol     
 	The Republican Congress and mainstream Republican groups are 90% globalists like Bush I & Ii, Powell, McCain, etc.   Why do you think every single Republican and Democratic x-president and high up cabinet members lile Powell All bash Trump publicly in lockstep?   Nato is the unchecked rape mercenary army of the Nwo.   The evil Msm is a retard propaganda, fear mongering, race baiting, and lies puppet of the Nwo and deep state.   The number one flow of illegal drugs, criminals, terrorists, and illegal invaders is the wide open Mexican border.   Powell defends all three of these things. 
 		yellow cake.'nuf said. 
 		He got fat. 
 		He got fat. 
  
 		 
 		Im happy again  
 		Im happy again  
 And don't get me started about France & Germany. 
 	 
 		No! No! No!  You're not doing it right!   We have to see your tears of anguish.   We have to see your spirit crushed.   We have to see you flipping us off because you knowYou Lose. 
 			looks like a soy boy faggot 
 Remember Liberal women have the brains of a retarded gnat. 
 I'm not mad at the artist, Barnett Newman. In fact any man who can become a multi-millionaire for something that took maybe 20 minutes deserves admiration. 
 	fucking retarded . anyone that would spend that much on some blue paint is Fucking Retarded!  ,,!,, o.o ,,!,,  
 It's really clever and cool how we managed to get Trump into office despite a minority of the votes, are lined up to keep the Senate despite a minority of the votes, and have achieved a Supreme Court that's appointed by a firmly minority government.   But it's all really just biding time and building more pressure for when the anti-white demographic dam bursts. 
 	Clever non-white mutants ruled by jews !  You know you are winning when the niggers, beaners, gooks are starving by the millions with nothing but whigger -- the other whyte meat -- left to eat ! 
 	If you excuse in any way what's happening to gab cuz of the actions of Robert Bowers, like this faggot is passively doing here, you're legitimizing the enemy's narrative and only helping them. You either think what he did offers the kikes a legitimate excuse to shut us down or you don't. There's no middle ground here. 
 Why do these racists demand that white people "stay in your lane" . Yet, they have No Problem telling white people what to do and how to think    
 	Women prefer the Weinstein version of Patriarchy 
 		A finger in the cunt 
  
 		Our Country is slowly Transforming into a 3rd Turd World Shithole not unlike that of Africa where Murder by Knives, Machetes, Etc. is Commonplace & Whites are always the Victims. You take said Guns away, & our Women, Children & Elderly, are nothing more than Lambs to the Slaughter. 
 		Our Country is slowly Transforming into a 3rd Turd World Shithole not unlike that of Africa where Murder by Knives, Machetes, Etc. is Commonplace & Whites are always the Victims. You take said Guns away, & our Women, Children & Elderly, are nothing more than Lambs to the Slaughter. 
 Sounds like a good party going on in Cologne right now    
 	Since when do you call a muzzie a man, they're nothing but low-life animals. 
 In otherwords you're a faggot who is into beastiality. Absolutely degenerate. 
 Nobody was ever physically assaulted 4 their political beliefs in America before the sore loser democrats called 4 violence vs. their political opponents! They all need to be Arrested 4 inciting violence & civil unrest against political candidates! End this abuse by extreme left wing activists Now! 
 	I say we 'knock off' this evil cunt and be done with it.  
  
 	Their faces are the look of death. The Grim Reaper lives in those black minds. Death rape violence & the relentless Boom! Boom! Boom! of Jungle Bunny music is what they offer. 
 		This white faggot looks blissed out standing between those two savages. Something very wrong with this creepy white homo. Any negros that ever get this close to me are facing a serious pipe down. 
 		All bark, no bite. 
 				D’awww, someone get their feelings hurt? You don’t gotta run away, y’know. 
 				In the future, all our food will be in pill form. This means our bodies will no longer be required to expel waste solids which means we will gradually evolve into beings without assholes. What will faggots do then? 
 Dimwitted twat Alyssa Milano is happy as long as the Left is winning the "cultural battle"   She's surrounded by priveleged Hollywood assholes who all think like her so she thinks she's winning something.    
  
 	Snoop Nigger Dogg looks like he's got the Aids from his Liberal Satanic Lifestyle (one Too many Crack Hoe's). 
 "Chosen" privilege tweets the "n word." She's catching heat. But still.  
 	The cis-het white man is the nigger of the world. According to demographic projections, he's expected to be a minority. But its okay for everyone else to pile on because majoritarianism, right? 
 Yes yes yes, this  piece of shit is a Catholic, has a wife and 4 grown children, runs around with Farrakhan shit trying to promote Islam.  he is a piece of shit. A godless half breed nigger is all one can say. Hack em and puncher Mohamed, eh, Kieth Ellison, I am sure  your sons and daughters, your ex wife are very prowl of you, trying to rise to power.Your done, even if these dumb ed down fellow Minnesotan vote for your worthless godless ass,.wake up Minnesota, wake the fuk up. 
 On Bbc Newsnight, "Sophie Cook" explains why the word "woman" is now being spelt "womxn".     
 	level 6 Retard 
 	level 6 Retard 
 You're not white you a fucking retard 
 		Trust me those professors are not intelligent. I have challenged them many times in Yahoo Answers then twatter then whatever. I have yet to see anything intelligent coming out of them. They always and I mean always need to rely on censorship. All I need to do is pull out the very basics in philosophy and that is it, they are toast lol. 
 & cunt again! 
 	Mgtows are tiring. "Fundamental human rights" have all the same issues and likely caused all the misery he wants to fix.  
 		I think people have the wrong idea of Mgtows.  It's literally just "men going their own way".  That could literally mean anything.  Like, fucking random tinder thots is going your own way as is trying to have a family as is celibacy. 
 			Blaming women rather than Jews is p tiring. And just like anti Islamists they are very wrong headed about many realities. They dont live in the real world. No time for them personally. 
 				I don't think anyone is blaming women.  I think everyone knows it's mens fault for giving them the vote when most aren't biologically capable of it. 
 					Well I dont really care about blaming men either. Because it was Jews that pushed for that crap. Mgtow is a distracting frame. 
 							I would say it is similar to conservatives. Most conservatives are upset about certain things. But they are so narrow in their scope that they actually end up opposing that which would make a real difference. That's how I feel about Mgtow. It is too shallow. 
 								If that's how you feel then that's how you feel.  Sometimes I listen to the guys and I'm like "wow, that's an interesting perspective". 
 									I know that women are not civilization builders, same as blacks. I dont feel the need to discuss the little intracacies of their character in my politics. It's ok as a passing topic but in my head I always bring it back to what the Jews have done not women or men 
 How about you go fuck yourself    
 		Yes because they are hand in hand. Jews<>Moslims . 
 		Yes because they are hand in hand. Jews<>Moslims . 
  
 	nonsense!  Israel is the only democracy in the middle east - the size of a matchbox surrounded by a football field of islamic theocracies hell bent on the destruction of israel and the usa.  
 			Hmmmm. Thot patrol and no faggot degenerates running in the streets?    Sounds way better than what you shills want for here 
 So "The Conners" ratings premiered at 55 percent below the return ratings of "Roseanne" in early 2018. This is the price Abc pays for firing the star of their show over a joke. Disney letting a nigger run the American Broadcasting Company is a waste of space. Abc is now the Detroit, Michigan of television. In other words, Abc is pure trash. 
 	If you want to dress up like a nigger to make fun of knuckle dragging niggers, you god damn sure should be able to, and if you are attacked, or fired because of it, you should be given compensation and those who harmed you should be jailed.      This is America, not a 3rd world liberal shit hole.  
 doesn't make her any less a retarded conservative. Everyone knows prison convicts are an untapped pool of conservative voters. /sarcasm 
 		Also "Who's that up there bangin like a chimpanazee" 
 		Also "Who's that up there bangin like a chimpanazee" 
     What kind of liberal faggot needs to do this ? 
 Who owns my name faggot Lol You're so mad ;)  
 Finally moved from Twitter to Gab! Ahhh i already feel the freedom! 
 	Welcome to Gab! Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Another piece of  the  listens to (even those in Boro Park).   "Linda Sarsour Asks Muslims To Form 'Jihad' Against Trump, Not To Assimilate"    
 		Like they did to our soldiers. Some gruesome tortures were involved, yet Islam is dictating terms  
 		Like they did to our soldiers. Some gruesome tortures were involved, yet Islam is dictating terms  
 Everyone Just Sits And Watchs As This Little Cunt Attacks A Woman    
  
 	White Votes Matter 
 		Your life doesnt matter though you little faggot 
 John Kasich Refuses To Say If He’s Happy Brett Kavanaugh Got Confirmed To The Supreme Court      
 		letfist ,pc liberal weasels. 
 		letfist ,pc liberal weasels. 
 And this retarded rape apologist on T_D who seems like a lobotomized Npc calling the Apology after a rape threat "An olive branch"   How high is this guy? 
 We don’t need a caravan of illegals, including Isis members, gang members, criminals, and military men carrying their own country’s flag!   We have vets to take care of! 
 		$10,000.00 Per Breeder Female & $1,000.00 Per Male Wetback 
 		$10,000.00 Per Breeder Female & $1,000.00 Per Male Wetback 
 Racist demoncrats invading.Gab.nice to see losing,pissed off lefties.soon to be Esad'y 
 	quit whining  crybaby 
 		Stfu fake cunt you are just pissed Gab is not going away go back to twatter. 
 Breaking: White Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of 2nd-degree murder in the shooting death of black teen Laquan McDonald in Oct. 2014. NBCNews.com 
 	Breaking: White Chicago police officer's conviction on 2nd degree murder charges, demonstrates Leftist Msm's biased anti-police bull shit is the drivel their ratings say it is. 
 	Breaking: White Chicago police officer's conviction on 2nd degree murder charges, demonstrates Leftist Msm's biased anti-police bull shit is the drivel their ratings say it is. 
 Everyone gets upset when their holy object is drawn obscenely. Muslims with Muhammad, Jews with alt right memes, Americans with children. Why is the child holy for the American? Because their state is based purely on the infantile and adolescent point of view of "freedom" and "democracy" for all. 
 		They're only retarded because it's what a kid wants. 
 	Correction. Syrian aid was halted after it was publicised that Islamists are making a profit from it.  knew all along. 
 		Do you think that they are hiding it from her? She has always been a Saudi tool. 
 		As big a Saudi tool as Thatcher and Blair 
 	.shocker 
 	Britain halts aid to Syria's Idlib over concern extremists imposing 'terror tax' on trucks  The Uk decided to suspend deliveries to the Syrian opposition stronghold of Idlib last week following reports an Islamist group was benefiting from levies they were imposing on trucks at the Turkish border.  come on is Any one surprised at this? the entire palytwood, white helmet bull shit is All about millions of $, of aid. the amounts of money milked out of soft westerners and even Islamic charity's is stupid and yet people keep believing the guff and throwing money at them.   
 		I thought turkey had took control of both it's Syrian and Iraq borders creating it's buffer zone and supposed to be eating against terrorist groups 
 		I thought turkey had took control of both it's Syrian and Iraq borders creating it's buffer zone and supposed to be eating against terrorist groups 
 Action Bronson Makes Garlic Parmesan Wings for Sunday's Big Game  via  
 	Viceland is just a nigger channel. 
 Illegal immigrants in Philly making demands of U.S. Senators now. Must Deport.    
 	Sick of spic shit yet? 
 That was Gibson's dog aka Nigger  
 "A Philadelphia man has been charged with killing his girlfriend and her unborn child."   But abortion isn't murder, right? The "logic" of liberals .   
 		N-O-gger analogies are always so grafted, second-handed.  
 	This Nigger is stupider then the Monkeys it is compared too 
 goofy faggot cheerleading squad 
 	In a bizarre clip. It is bizarre to see a black person hate themselves that much, or really any other race, except for whites. Whites hate themselves so regularly it is not considered strange. It would not be unusual or interesting to see a self-hating white girl, plagued with guilt on Tv, because it’s so common.  
 		Unfortunately that is true. I get kicked out of White bars because I am proud to be white but I have never seen a nigger or whatever get kicked out for being proud of who they are. The kikes are in complete control. 
  
 	Retarded cuck says what? 
 	Being a nigger is not trendy, I guess they should just stop. 
 If we learn anything from Gab it's how retarded whig nats will ruin everything they get involved with 
 Right now. I am supposed to be working. Got a bunch of tickets and paperwork that needs processing. Sigh. I need to get another bottle of wine. 
 	 Lauri, Lauri. I totally got another bottle of wine and killed like half of it. That's like 2.25L of wine me in right now. I am in full asshole mode. My broke filters are totally down. I'm like a hormonal teenager with tourette's.  
 		Hick? Nah full on redneck right now. About to listen to Elvis Presley, then maybe some Rolling Stones.  
 		Hick? Nah full on redneck right now. About to listen to Elvis Presley, then maybe some Rolling Stones.  
 Satanic Multimillionaire  said:   "Political parties that criticize mass migration originate from Satan"         
 	Tell me again how many rapefugees are now living in one of your spacious mansions.f.ing twat 
 	Why don't y'all stop voting in scum that won't allow a wall? Why don't you stop Cali scum from infiltrating your major cities instead of blaming Jews for everything! 
 	 is taking over exactly nothing in Texas. 
 		Cruz will beat Robert Francis by 10-20 points. 
 			But can his father get the loss overturned? It's not exactly drunk driving and fleeing the scene . but these aren't normal times. 
 	Rafael Edward Cruz mocked Robert "Beto" O’Rourke for using a fake name. You can't make this shit up. 
 		Not a Cruz fan after the 2016 election shenanigans but he came out of the Kav hearings looking like a champ, hope he crushes this beta male soy boy socialist. 
 	Beta O Rourke. 
 	Is that " Pedo." ? 
 	When you have no upper lip so your teeth always show 
 Npc Cuckboy. 
 	When a big nigger puts a dick in you're mouth, You shut up. 
 Fake Fake Fake Bombs:Officials say the numerous devices recovered were poorly made, but it's unclear if that was intentional, or if they were just badly constructed By A Retarded Democrat.     
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Sad new about the  French bulldog puppy again evil cunt out to rob people homes took 8 of puppy from it mum and dad is the most evil wicked thing in gods life the 6 died and 2 was back with mum and dad it not point 
 faggots, dykes, niggers and nigger lovers. 
 Sara Peritas commented on your post.2 hours:   "Out of chaos comes order & not New World Order but a reset. Rebirth - We're in the days ending of Chaos & have been for the last 100 years so the reset is the only thing to make sense"   1. what reset?   2. it is Jew World Order, not New World Order.   3. what Rebirth?   are you talking Illuminati or Luciferian B.S? 
 	[Me] - I'm talking. Shut the fuck up you jewish cunt []  
 Did you write back yet and tell them you don't want their faggot name on your website? Lol 
 	Well of course they did,, they hate us,, what else should people expect? dont let them handle your food, 
 		I don't . If I walk into a store and a raghead is working there, I look it in the eyes, and in a low voice i say ":terrorist scum",  and walk out. Seattle airport has zillions of the raghead rats working all thru the place. Terrible place to be that seattle.  
 Looks like a demonic faggot  
 From     Stormy’s v jay is so big even Barack Obama’s ego fits 
 	Are you sure about that? 
 		Michael’s gotta have a monster to fit that faggot ass 
 Made me Laugh My Ass Off The best laugh I have had in a week  So True but the media and the retarded left think otherwise.  
 This should do wonders for the box office. Are there any Americans in this movie about America’s greatest achievement who have anything good to say about.America?   
 	An ugly, feckless British cunt talking about America's penis . . . Laughable. 
 1/1024 Christian 
 	1/1024 citizen 
 		100% Faggot 
 This guy is a nigger 
  
 		This islamic Somali Pos needs a vent hole between the eyes. 
 		This islamic Somali Pos needs a vent hole between the eyes. 
 "Some carried a Honduran flag, chanting 'Mexico'" on their trek to the United States.    Does anybody know what exactly happened with previous caravans? What's expected to happen when they actually show up at the border?     
 	Matt Parrott sucked in bed and life.   loser 
 		At no point have I ever publicly (or even privately) claimed to be great in bed.  I doubt anybody here entertained the proposition that I might be.  Who's your audience, Rodney Martin? 
 			Judging from the incredibly poor English this account displays, it's probably some spic or Europoor running it. Hell, maybe it's a Russian hacker. 
 Survivor Steve Scalise: Eric Holder call for violence is a direct threat to our democracy   
 	Then tell him to gave tgave thr useless nigger arrested. 
 Damned this southeast weather. It's summer for 9 months, fall for 1 & winter for 2. We're supposed to get some fall weather next week, yaaay. I'm going out tomorrow - here's how I feel about it. 
 	That’s the whole point of living in the tropics. i’m still looking for 12 months of summer. close to it where i live. 
 		yep, that’s the best bit about living where i do, all the retarded lefties can’t handle the heat so they fuck off back to their cities and drink soy latte’s, leaving the beer, beaches, and beautiful women alone 
 American Redneck Nationalist. and a Marne Basterd to boot! 
 A dyke holding the dyke. 
 Oh joy, I can barely contain my excitement  The memes should be good anyway.    
 	It'll sound like American nigger mixed with Received Standard lol. Elizabeth must be -so- happy. Niggers and muslims out of the Uk! I'm Data, and I approved this message, so come arrest me for hate speech, Met Police! Right here! In America! O, right, you can't. We still have some freedoms. So bugger Meghan and her boyfriend- 
  Son of a gun, Trump’s gone and pardoned Joe Arpaio    youtu.be/HzkGiD-Kj-s 
 		It’s a song. Did you listen to it? (There’s a link. It’s a clever parody! Can you name the original?) 
 		You don’t have to like the song, but it still counts as music!  
 		youtu.be/HzkGiD-Kj-s  
 		The link is in the post. It works for me. Maybe you’ll like our other songs.  Mamaspepes.bandcamp.com 
 		The link is in the post. It works for me. Maybe you’ll like our other songs.  Mamaspepes.bandcamp.com 
 Life is better barefoot!        
 	I'm a hillbilly and I approve this message 
 		Hillbilly.Hippie.only a few differences between the two  
 		hippies because it feels right, Hillbillies because no $ to buy  
 		hippies because it feels right, Hillbillies because no $ to buy  
 I already buried my Father, so no; but, thank you for that.  In the future if you have something to say to me, have the balls to say it publicly.    Pussy.    
 	Funkly? 
 		You nigger whore! 
 Nike= Nigger & Kike forged into a shoe name.  
 Looks like the Fbi decided to frame a retarded Magapede. 
 This cameljockey, Hillbilly Clinton, George "living dead 'Soros, FaecesBook-Suckabug. 
 Uuuuuhhhh.Ok then.hippy commie faggot Antifa is off his meds.    
 Varg doesn’t know it but he is the king of . Listen to Uncle Varg or go home.  is as bad as the left.  seeks harmony and unity between men and women. And unequivocally rejects Abrahamism.  
 	I disagree with Varg quite a bit, but he is over the target on this one. There is (((someone))) mostly to blame and then some more for us as a whole. We have to start repairing our people as a whole or we will never claw our way out of this Marxist society.   Don't let the people who are obviously D&C dissuade you guys. 
 		I don't remember saying anything about voting, my wife doesn't even believe women should be involved in politics.  But where were you when all the Xtians where unfriending and calling me a faggot when I had actually went out of my way to stick to posting my religious views in closed groups? 
 Winning the cultural battle. I’ve seen this several times today. The left simply regurgitate a topic to indoctrinate their incompetent followers. Repetition creates belief for them. |  
 	Tell That Retarted Cunt Milano To Shut The Fuck Up 
 The blond in this video is a perfect example of a retarded liberal with no fucking clue of whats going on.    
 Are Nazis enemies of America? 
 	America was founded on liberal principles and the idea of "human rights". Americanism must be set aside for National Socialism, the salvation of our race, and the fulfillment of the 14 words.  
 		Nazis = Npc 
 			I don't think you quite understand that meme.  
 				Npc says, You don’t understand Npc. 
 						Alex Jones vs Piers Morgan Npc Meme Debate: Find More Pictures, Videos, Here: Enter the Pop Culture Challenge, The Art Contest: Kanye West Trump Maga Hot: Enter To Win Money:    
 						Alex Jones vs Piers Morgan Npc Meme Debate: Find More Pictures, Videos, Here: Enter the Pop Culture Challenge, The Art Contest: Kanye West Trump Maga Hot: Enter To Win Money:    
 Just followed  I also wish there was less "Nazi White Power/Blm/Anti Semitic Racist Bullshit" on Gab too. I also love that you asked nicely and said "Please". I may have to stop just blocking people who express these views and try to encourage them to become more valuable members of . Whilst I respect their right to express their views, I maintain my right to argue against them, and should probably be more forceful in doing so. 
 	Thank you. I'm all about free speech. but as a sane human being I shouldn't have to tolerate people who spew crap about race 24/7 365. I don't block them though. I just scroll past those stuff.  :) 
 		Just wait until you get hit with the fairy gay faggot tranny porn. You'll change your mind fast about muting these f***ers. 
 Is her nigger neck broke? 
 Jimmy Carter: Kavanaugh is "unfit" to be a Supreme Court justice      
 	Jimmy Carter is unfit for anything. the worst president of the  until  took the title. Carter Stfu you ignorant twat 
 	Jimmy Carter is unfit for anything. the worst president of the  until  took the title. Carter Stfu you ignorant twat 
    "Morono" Mazie Hirono is up for re-election in 2018 . I hope all Veterans and men remember her words   submitted by Vibratron 
 	Look, I live in Hawaii.  We elect Democrats for life. We have the lowest percentage of voters in any election in the entire country because it's simply the same old.very old politicians.  She has been around since the 70s.  Local vet organizations are actually supporting her.  Voters here don't think. 
 			You so eloquently said what I more or less had been thinking! Lol 
 			You so eloquently said what I more or less had been thinking! Lol 
  
 	Fact: Finding an existential purpose rooted in nature can cure most depression. Just don't be a faggot hippy about it. 
 Before the conservatards stole this narrative     
 	If you're going to post a fairy gay faggot video at least make sure it is working. 
 United Kingdom: 'Terrifying Cctv shows moment hooded thug doused man in ‘acid attack’ before stealing his laptop'   
 		muzzie Vs white is more important than gay Vs straight. Sort that later 
 		muzzie Vs white is more important than gay Vs straight. Sort that later 
 "We *Need* to just ignore these people and carry on with the real work"  How'd doing real work work out for Linus Torvalds? He spent the last 27 years building the world's most useful operating system, Linux, and now he's cooling his heels because he peeved a transgender.  
 	The problem is that Linus actually bought into their bullshit and didn't ignore them.  As tough as he may seem he has provided evidence that he actually submitted to the Pc dogma of "nazis do X and if you do X too then you are a nazi".  His big brain is great at technical stuff, but when it comes to understanding sociopolitical games he's as retarded as any leftist out there. 
 	the faggot media? hahahahha. I hope all faggot perverts die a horrible death from Aids or anything else 
 	Who will grow up to hate you want you dead, and all those like you dead, liberals are insane.  
 	better question.why does a little girl have a mostuche? 
 		 
 	Those that have money are adopting away their white guilt. Those that do not have money are being pressured to impregnate it out.  
 	Poster for worthless. 
 	Poster for worthless. 
 		lets be honest, she sold those kids to get this far, and to buy her way across, she had 8 kids but not anymore. 
 		lets be honest, she sold those kids to get this far, and to buy her way across, she had 8 kids but not anymore. 
 	The people who elect pieces of shit like him should have to eat shit for the rest of their lives! 
 	his name does suit him . 
 	 
 	lol. 
 		Lol 
 	A certainty now. Despised by Republicants, his only salvation is the Demoncrats.   Murkowski is the other one, but not running this year. 
 		He might be an Arlen Specter type who changes party whenever expedient. When it was clear he would lose a Republican primary, he switched parties. He still lost but not before he hurt the Us by voting for filthy Democrat legislation. 
 			He's been promised lots of benefits, funding for this and that, but he can't win as a Demoncrat either. Maybe he thinks he can run as an independent and drain off Republicant votes, he was in Iowa etc. A pipe dream, but they'll give him a lot of money. 
 				True. He's an idiot. He wont even get 1 percent of the vote. Republicans hate him and Democrats are just using him. Independents will see him for what he is.  
 	Who care's what pussy boy faggot antifa bed wetter wallace says. 
 		I made a pic of the Nigger sucking jacks dick. Not on this phone though I'll find it 
 I think we should not only bring charges against George Soros, but should look at stripping him of his citizenship for trying to undermine the sovereignty of the United States, and if this is proven, they should also freeze up and go after his assets.    
 	Yes, make him pay for the wall. 
 		It's supposed to be. But he started it not the spic taxpayer. 
  
 	faggot 
 		wikihow didn't load when they looked up how to make a timer on a circuitboard 
 		wikihow didn't load when they looked up how to make a timer on a circuitboard 
 Don't reply to this. 
 		God you're worse than a woman with all the attention whoring after begging me to stop talking to you. 
 Libs going to teach lions to be vegans  
 	Stupid doesn't explain this. Retarded does though.  Leftists are retarded.  Now I see the funny side. 
 That Kenyan faggot Pos is still trying to take credit for Potus Trump success   
 Fox and Friends Shreds Dem Senator Coons  Who Claims There Was Evidence of Abuse Against Kavanaugh (Video)    
 		Face nailed shut?  Both funny And brutal.  Nicely done. 
 		I Was Thinking Along This Line. 
 		I Was Thinking Along This Line. 
 What's this all about Sarah?  I haven't done anything except try to get the truth out about jews.     I'm not scheming against anyone nor defending anyone . 
 	Messages: ________  George Lincoln Rockwell   : ______________________  
 		George Lincoln Rockwell    12:08PM  Thats nigger speak. You were acting obnoxious, I actually would have sided with you against that Wadl guy for posting anti-white women trash. but what you said to Bb was totally unnecessary.  
 Ryan is an ineffective faggot cuck and everyone laughs at him. Because he has never carried out a single threat he has made. 
     We, the  race, are Proud of our  ancestry.    reigned supreme in   for a Very long time, and managed to survive for some 300,000 years!   They were intelligent, they had a language, they had music, they used makeup & jewelry, and they had ceremonial burial.   But of course not just Whites have Neanderthal. 
 	One comment back you claimed African aren't human like you. Now you embrace your neanderthal Dna . You're like a stick caught in a sewer drain. Wherever the shit surge lands you , that's where you're at. What's next ? You claim to be Übermensch incarnate  ? 
 		Says the idiot that claimed Negroes are not human. Stupid people are really boring .Anything else, retard ?  
 	She is telling us how to live? 
 	 ist  
 	Hollywood leftie.  
 		Tf are you doing? 
 	Let me taste those tears cow 
 		Very Evil Deviant Trash Period  
 Kav Protester 
 	I truly hope this is like that Tibbets cunt who was killed by an Illegal invader after tweeting I hate white people. 
 Anyone else sick and tired of Gay activism? Hetero Activism is coming next get your faggot asses ready for a real reaming.    
 	I am not elevating animals to human status or implying that they should have the same rights as humans, but they do have a natural right to keep their lives and to be free from harmto live without being killed for meat, fur or leather, etc. Carnivores and omnivores kill out of necessity, but it is never necessary for humans to kill for food (except in survival situations) considering we are the only species that knows how to grow crops and that we can't kill for meat without the use of tools or weapons, which reveals what our natural diet really is.   > "Fueled by your hatred of Christianity"     
 			Yes, well your assumption that all vegans eat soy is pretty gay. Fyi, cow milk has more estrogen in it than soy, so if anything, you're the faggot here. 
 Listen cretin. Jumped on my thread. 3 idiots who are replying to me. And I'm strange. Problem with spectre speak for himself lol. Cunt can't even say his real name and show his face. I assure you won't be proved wrong?  
 		Ahhh! The diversity of kabab shops. Bloody diarrhea for all. 
 		True schizophrenia: Stop Having Babies To Save The Planet!  Too many people means more pollution!  Less space for wildlife!     And out the other side of their mouths:   We Need To Import Hostile Retards From Africa That Breed Like Rabbits To Make Up For Declining Population!   One or the other. Pick One and stick with it. Either you can be concerned (reasonably) with too high a population (I like open space, wildlife, quiet places with few or no people, etc) Or you can be "concerned" by demographic decline and what that means for an Impossible forever-growing economy and be opposed to wildlife, open space, etc.  Pick One And Only One. 
 Bumper Stickers are now available on the Shop!    
 	How do I know you’re white?    Youve got retarded bumper stickers on your car to virtue signal 
 The Dodgers' World Series journey is a shared effort    
 	Manny Machado will be broke and selling coacaine by age 40. That's how much of a useless spic he is.   
 ".not a single Jew has ever been prosecuted for any of these massacres. Furthermore, it is testament to Jewish media influence that references to "the Holocaust" and "the six million" are an almost-daily occurrence, while there is never a reference to Jewish Bolshevism's 50 million, or the larger communist movement's 100 million."   --Birdman Bryant 
 	get raped faggot 
        
 	wow Black racist twat speaks 
 The Muslim who murdered the Scottish kid, Kriss Donald, has been given a poetry award while in prison.   He gouged out Kriss Donald's eyes and set him on fire.   Rip Kriss.   I'll never forget what they did to you and how our establishment and media hushed it up. 
 	I will never forget what they did to this poor boy.    The whole world knows about the black man murdered by white men in the Uk. Wee white boy, tortured for hours and set on fire while he was still alive by Pakistanis and hush it up because community cohesions Bs.    I know what he should be given while in prison and it most certainly is not an award of any type! 
 		Isn't it strange if the killer was white the inmates would have killed him so why is that cunt still breathing? 
  
 	Socialist are all the same regardless of what they call themselves   They all destroy the quality of life for the proletariat 
 		If you regugetate what the Jew tells you to say. If you think what your op postulates isn't occuring right now b4 your eyes, you're blind. 
 				It's very frustrating I wake up w a headache most days now. Yeah trump declaring war on "mobs" and "globalism" is literally declaring war on himself. If the red wins or loses it will be celebrated as a victory for "democracy" 
 				It's very frustrating I wake up w a headache most days now. Yeah trump declaring war on "mobs" and "globalism" is literally declaring war on himself. If the red wins or loses it will be celebrated as a victory for "democracy" 
 Trump had said he been waiting all of is life to come in at right time the greatest American come back.in world history and he not done yet his dad well looking down in haven saying go on son bet those commie cunt s up and nazie globalist cunt s to my son 
 Damn, I need that cunt for my future brand of "liberal tears" vodka flavored alcohol. Haven't yet decided more specific on the taste, want to have a sort of salty, slightly sour vodka to really fit the "liberal tears" theme. 
 		They are obviously sick and retarded 
 Live from outside the Old Bailey for Tommy Robinson's trial    
 	who let that disgusting fat zionist cunt from shekel media into this country? 
 Nice one, sweetie. It's much nicer not wearing knickers under a dress.      
 	Doing this by a playground is retarded.  Like this dumb retard can't find one place in an entire city to do some stupid shit except right next to children?  I hope she gets run over by a car.   
  
 		wrt Russia:   The Us has violated - or abandoned - at least half a dozen weapons treaties with Russia, including the Abm treaty.  The Us developed new Abm's, then freaked out when Russia one-upped them, and created a better delivery system, and - arguably - better Abm's.  Now, Russia is eviiiil in the eyes of neo-cons and zionists. 
 		wrt Russia:   The Us has violated - or abandoned - at least half a dozen weapons treaties with Russia, including the Abm treaty.  The Us developed new Abm's, then freaked out when Russia one-upped them, and created a better delivery system, and - arguably - better Abm's.  Now, Russia is eviiiil in the eyes of neo-cons and zionists. 
 This is one form of 'public nuisance' that I can appreciate. Should be encouraged in every parking lot.   Much better than the usual fat dyke feminists screeching and  waving placards showing the alphabet soup of sexual deviancy that they have just thought up.    
 	Yeah, what's the matter with you President Trump Why aren't you listening to this low iq turd and instead listening to top generals who've faithfully executed an obedience and loyalty to the Us Constitution & the American people. Stay the fuck away from my posts a**hole. 
 		Sorry Staci, we know you are actually a left wing loser. Patriots actually believe in protecting our border, Not Allowing A Herd of lowlife trash to illegally cross our border. I hope an illegal meets you in an alley someday, since you love them so much! 
 		Left wing coward, I'm Quite Sure you know nothing about the military, or soldiers. Obedience to anyone takes second place to preserving the lives of people who matter (American Citizens). So go put down your rug and start praying to the east, and stop talking about things you know Nothing About!  
 		Lol! Left wing, pro-antifa coward, you know Nothing about the military. Shut your hole, suck Obamas half breed, muslim dick a little more, and get ready for your anti-Trumper protest.  
 		A liberal troll, trying to amplify the "hate" on gab for Msm to decry, me think. 
 		Lol! Please don't talk about generals or the military! Just because we allow you "people" to join now, doesn't make you an expert. 
 	Stupid troll. You're clearly a left wing nut trying to make the right look as delusional and idiotic as you are. It won't work. You lack the intelligence to write with the Right Voice.  
 	Trump needs to say fuck the jew and grow balls 
 America must fall. Hopefully Trump gets Kennedy'd, that would be the most helpful thing he could ever do. Second thing would be losing. 
 		you are a fucking moron 
 			You are a fucking faggot  
 		Stephen Colbert is linked to the Clinton / Obama/ Bush Child Trafficking / Pedophile / organ harvesting underworld!   Enough Said !    Die stephen  Die! 
 		'No Man can tell me what to do with My Body, I'll kill my Fetus if I want to.' The reason they used Fake sexual assault against Justice Kavanaugh! 
 		This is the danger in placing women in leadership roles.  Too many feelings, ignore the facts.   
 		This is the danger in placing women in leadership roles.  Too many feelings, ignore the facts.   
 	And yet another  -  
 		Faggot ass Jew lover can't even debate this point because there is no debating this. The kikes like Muslims even better than they like White Evangelicals.   
 I Beg To Differ. The Hairy Pit Dyke is the Squishy Fake Gurl.  Ms.C is a Sexy Silicone Sister 
 Can't tell if this is a man or a woman speaking     
 	What a twat 
 Tragedy. 
 	No wonder why Boris Johnson was not at conference with traitor that are the remaining Tory back stapping May lie has shown her true colours of evil cunt and the packie cunt home office Javid should be thrown out of Uk and but on this country that he so die Boris Johnson blow down were traitor May  
 October 21, 2018   Cory said we "must believe" sexual-assault-accusers!   Update: Cory Booker Accuser Posts Update  I am not a Woman, I am a Man    
 	Cory Booker the faggot nigger molester.l 
 	Bless. You're so wrapped up in your batshit fantasy world that you haven't got a clue what's happening in reality.   You're going the same way as Bonehill, Turner and Jennings, and no amount of pathetic squirming is going to save you. 
 		Day 1499 and Mycroft still not arrested.  tick tock 
 		Nothing.   Still nothing.   Forever Nothing.   Your forecasts and your life in 3 sentences. 
 			Dave to Sluganna "Why doesn't he love me?" Sob. "Cos he is a straight guy and you are a pathetic nancy boy". 
 				Lollers! 
 		You’re a crap gaslighter. 
 			You don't appear to understand what gaslighting is. That doesn't surprise me though. Your whole schtick is bullshit and bluster. 
 	You are tying him up in knots on Tw*tt*r. Well done. Poor gay Dave;( 
 			Muslim terrorism has a higher kill count in that timeframe, which is why the chart excludes that data.   Muslims are far more toxic per capita than any other group. If we had as many Muslims in the Us as we have Trump voters the Us would be fucking Beirut. 
 Out of curiosity what are some of the different web browsers folks around here are using to log onto Gab with! I've been using Mozilla's Firefox mainly but I fear Firefox has finally started blocking gab or interfering with me accessing the site in that past couple of days. Firefox is the only browser of the 4 I have installed on my laptop that is having lots of access problems with Gab. Feedback would be useful here friends. 
 	Well, you could use the trump browser if it wasn’t a complete failure. Just saying  
 		You know of this failure from personal experience, do you! 
 				You must be really experienced at that failure part. 
 					Failure is the best teacher. I would drown my sorrows in trump vodka if it hadn’t been an abysmal failure as well. 
 					Failure is the best teacher. I would drown my sorrows in trump vodka if it hadn’t been an abysmal failure as well. 
 Well this retard doesn’t see a vote box? Lol 
 I think you mean that fairy gay faggot Adolf Schicklgruber. 
 ***Major Happening***  They Are Really Going For It  They Are Saying It Now  This Is What It Is About  This Is What They Are Attacking  ***Major Happening***   
 	Duh. Only the retards have to have it spelled out on another retard’s sign.   So if this is news then you’re a fucking retard and should shove your vote in your ass where it can be properly processed.  
 Don't get me wrong, retarded woman. I understand that you have taken more dick than you've taken history lessons. But, the fact remains, it was there before your dying state of Israel and depending on my mood, will be there when Israel dies.  
  
 	Ultimate Redneck Casual. Overalls !  
 	Ultimate Redneck Casual. Overalls !  
 Those "finish the wall" signs at the recent Trump rallies shows without a doubt the level Trump's movement has sunk. It has become like a game show - the whole thing is entertainment at this point. It reminds me of the movie Running man back in the 80's where just blatant lies and propaganda are told to cheering crowds. 
 		Nice argument, retard 
  of lies crumble under  probe     New     
 	Every time I look at her, I see Nathan from South Park. She's even retarded just like him!  
 Shrieking Fake-Blood Faced Activists Protest Kavanaugh    Ladies, gentlemen, and those of non-conforming gender, we present you today’s modern leftists    
 	Normal for the mental retarded  And they wonder why people are voting for President Trump  
 	Normal for the mental retarded  And they wonder why people are voting for President Trump  
 How sad to live in a world where women are so out of touch with themselves, so steeped in evil dogma they don't even connect with the greatest part of themselves, the real meaning of sisterhood . their possible daughter.  
 	Just another ugly nigger 
 This Loud Mouthed Nigger Is A Nothing, And Never Will Be Except An Enemy Of Our Nation And We The People.  
 Antifa Website Promotes Home Abortion Classes to ‘Dismantle White Supremacist Bio-Medical Patriarchy’ In Response to Kavanaugh    Aka Crazy people and Communist scum-bags. What drugs are these people on? Seriously, I have had my experience with many substances, but I have no clue what these morons are on that makes them this retarded and insane.    
  
 	Fuck the Aclu, just a group of racist nigger trash. 
 on the basis of being a complete retard imo 
 Sbs host dons white face to racially vilify white people. Sbs taking your taxes to humiliate you!       
 	Stupid faggot 
 "Space has been around dozens of years yet we know almost nothing about it." -- Black Science Man  from "12 Years an Afronaut" "1st Kang" & "1st Kang Ii: Trannies in Space" 
 	That nigger is so worthless. He performs for the Jews as some smart negro. He says stupid shit all the time.  
 Fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches be sayin', "Hotsi, totsi, I'm a fairy gay Nazi!"  F*** y'all and f*** Adolf Schicklgruber.  Being proud because you are white is not the same thing as being a demonic-assed neo-Nazi. 
 The absolute state of rap and modern pop music where people like this twat reach the top charts. Gen Z has such a shit taste in music.    
 								Repubs cannot be proWhite and pro Israel.  You can't put a foreign nation before your own.  You can't fix that party as it's set up to make money in a certain way. They talk a good game.  Cruz pretends to be a Constitutionalist, but hes a Bankster Zionist. 
 																		Not if the 5% is what keeps the criminals in power.  The 95% that we agree on is unimportant stuff.   
 'Crime' Of The Century.   Newcastle council outraged at graffiti on Mosque. If you weren't aware  council is run by .    
 		Bacon is a compliment. It's the king of meats, tasty and delicious. Muzzie bastards should be more appreciative. 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 	His name is: Jordan Hunt.  (aka. Jordan Cunt)   He's a hairdresser in Toronto.    
 		you ever look at someone and go "I want to meet him and be wearing every piece of Trump merch I own - just to see him cower in fear?"   I had that right now   Sadly I am banned from Canada - fucking arrest warrants >.> 
 			not without a can of bear spray in each hand 
 					I don't leave anything to chance 
 					I don't leave anything to chance 
 		Yee of little faith. You clearly don't respect your Dna or realize you Dna is your deficit.   B4 you urge caution or let's see what happens:   Does it make sense to lay in a burning building? Or sit in a sinking ship? 
 				Seems simple. Just as you know, if your white, trump ain't saving your ass, hell throw us to the wolves  Its called emancipation. 
 					Who said he was saving my ass, I said the Gop winning makes the left more antiwhite while we control the seat of power   What does enabling communists achieve?  aren't the communist left the wolves? Compared to the left who is more likely to throw us to the wolves?   You make no sense. Vote Gop buy ammo, why is this so hard? 
 							And it looks like it's another planned wave is set to hits us, just in time for the election. 
 														Sounds like a good way to end up like a kulak, what happened to their dna? 
  
 	We ought to send a nigger to Mexico for every Mestizo they dump on us.  That would end the problem real quick. 
 Spencer's wife should be glad he didn't just bury her in the national forest instead. Wouldn't have been the first time someone who got uppity with Dick got a bag over their head and ended up kneeling on the edge of a ditch next to some dirt road in the headlights of two G-Wagons begging for their life. 
 			Wtf, I love Dicky Spencer now. 
 			 
 			Fuckin badass 
 			"Women who demand rights get lefts too" Richard Spencer,  2015 
 		I think I'm in love. 
 		I think I'm in love. 
     @a        This account is sharing hentai child porn. We all know what will get us in trouble with the government and this Will Get Us Shut Down   f 
 		No. fuck off child porn lover 
 		Drawings have feelings to!  
 		Drawings have feelings to!  
 Heidi Heitkamp Admits She Did Not Make ‘Smart Political Move’ By Voting Against Brett Kavanaugh | Breitbart    
 	So The Useless Cunt Admits her vote was purely Political, not because she was afraid she was voting a deviant into Scotus. Well I hope voters vote her sorry traitorous ass Out. 
 Not just survival! Flourishing, we can conquer the galaxy if we didn't constantly have to pay nigger tax  
 		If you ever want some lulz, just read the Ncaa rules and regulations concerning student athletes. It reads like some sort of communist declaration for the globo homo masses. Just more commie indoctrination. 
 		If you ever want some lulz, just read the Ncaa rules and regulations concerning student athletes. It reads like some sort of communist declaration for the globo homo masses. Just more commie indoctrination. 
 	I don’t know about the faggot part but he Is an asswipe! 
 George Lincoln Rockwell (life & Times)    
 	Youtube blocked this where you cant even click on I understand and proceed, these giant fucking pussies at YouTube. 
 		The censorship is so retarded why if someone doesn't want to see something then they should turn it off. I get so tired of these censorship games that big tech is playing. 
 Lol 
 	I remember this faggot (RebZtv) from C'ville.  The first night he was complaining because the cops were forcing everyone to disperse at the conclusion of the torchlight event and the next day (he captured some of the Fields collision) he was bitching at the first cop that arrived on the scene, "where were you!" lol 
  
 		I Never Said Otherwise 
 		I Never Said Otherwise 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 I think the silly twat means Scotland's prison population growth. 
 Woopy Golchimp and Ellen De-Dyke are great examples of how deeply damaged and disturbed America has become. A based sheboon and a Dyke as key role models for Americas people.Like I said, disturbing. 
 	Information is part of the modern battlefield.  Good time to go back and look at improving information security practices. 
 		You should see the other guy/ ;->  
 		Seems like a serious issue, but that would take leadership, not coordination, I suppose.  What a mess, that the "movement" manages to not learn from its mistakes. 
 		It was an issue with Vk Groups members being visible to nonmembers which has been resolved. Most were nom de guerre, anyway.  
 		Why not all?  That would be a sensible requirement to make now.  Maybe I shouldn't expect so much from "the movement".  I mean, there might actually be a real reason to keep shooting ourselves in the foot to help our enemies. 
 		Because some of us have to be on the front lines using our real names as a positive example to others, the tip of the spear.  
 		And that's how "the movement" turns.  I guess if enough naieve people come in, it can replace the ones that realize that churning isn't progress.  Too bad people can't do simple things to work against the enemy.  That's a good reflection on how they would handle larger responsibility and why they never get there. 
 		And that's how "the movement" turns.  I guess if enough naieve people come in, it can replace the ones that realize that churning isn't progress.  Too bad people can't do simple things to work against the enemy.  That's a good reflection on how they would handle larger responsibility and why they never get there. 
 	Thinking to Step Down as Chair of the Dnc! Absolutely, step down, sir!  Step Down from the Election for Ag in Minnesota.stop subjecting the people of Minnesota to the Coverup of your Violent Beatdown, Mr. Ellison. Be a Man, and get the help you need for your Temper. 
 		Muzzie Pos 
 		Muzzie Pos 
 	I’m so angry & upset I can’t even read the updates, we’ve had it stolen from us & there’s nobody prepared to step up & lead us out - fuck democracy, it’s a joke  
 		In valor there is hope 
 		In valor there is hope 
 shoot yourself in the face with a shotgun you fucking silly cocksucker. Don't be jealous just because your life sucks greasy ass and you are a miserable faggot 
 	Nigger nigger give me yer fingers!   Suitable for amputation! 
 This is why we need a big beautiful wall, and not a stupid fucking fence. 
 	As Soon As Potus Mentioned The Lack Of Women And Kids TheY Brought Up A COUpLE Of Women And TheIR BAsTARDS So Cnn Could Refute Potus. This Tells You TheY Are Listening And Reacting. Staged By The Democrats And TheIR Sjw Funds By SoROS And Styer. All For The Mid Terms. Vote.  
 		Please stop Shouting at us like a retarded Boomer Grandpa. 
 			Haha how very typical, attack the alt accounts and pretend that using real names Doesn’T cost people jobs or the threat of the Jdl and Jewish Mafia showing up at our doors. I suppose you’d take all of those Jewish quotes seriously if I posted my name address and social below? 
 			You Jews are only intellectually equipped to engage sub-90 iQ Gentiles in any kind of discourse. Any time a Gentile is hip to what’s really going on, you don’t have a leg to stand on. All you’ve got is obfuscation, deflection, and lies. It’s fun to watch you kvetch as you try to point at my account to invalidate any of the claims I’m making though. Keep squirming! 
  
 	Simpsons was great when it was new, back when it took the piss out of people by being a sort of counter-culture. Now with all the good writers gone, Simpsons is just garbage that's kept alive to milk the retarded mass of their shekels. 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 					Yes, I get it!  Your mother and sister and daughter are the same.  I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad.  Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 												Were all of your sibling retarded or was it just you? 
 	Rephrase.pathetic little irrelevant cunt 
 "If Warren can claim oppressed minority status with 0.2% redman Dna, then everyone can leverage the background noise in Dna tests to angle for freebies from academia and the government. In fact, everyone should do this, because it will cause the scheme to collapse from too many claimants on limited reserves." -  
 	Im doing this too. Fuck this faggot world.  Im the first black native mexican irishman, i want my 40 acres, muh reparations and I aint paying no tax.  Im going hunting and fishing this weekend and i dont need no fucking licence. Get the fuck off my land nigger! 
 Cuba Claims Justin Trudeau is Fidel Castro's son.  -   
 	a deranged liberal feminist faggot gay offspring came out of Castro's loins. 
 You sound like a faggot 
 Heres Anglin praising a satanist antifa faggot who beats up white women. Please stop referring to him as a white nationalist or pro-white leader of any type, hes antifa. 
 Cunt 
 Glad to see that  has bravely resisted the purity spiral, and broken free of the ideological echo chamber of the pro-White movement. In this piece, he courageously puts forth a plan for White survival. Specifically, that Daily Stormer readers should purchase White eggs, fertilize them in a laboratory, and insert the fertilized eggs into the low end Asian whores they've been fucking. Genius.     
 	  here is cantwell saying it again.  is this really the stuff you condone with your association with Cantwell? If not, then why associate with him?  
 		lmao your radio show sucks, Al Sharpton could do a better job, so that's not much of a accomplishment. It's almost amusing having some punk faggot who cried on national tv call you a bitch. I mean you cried so hard i was waiting for someone to hand you a pacifier or a bottle and tell you to quit crying like a little bitch. 
 Not that she was high on my favorities playlist, but I'll not buy another  song anytime soon.    
 	So it's back to anime and Rita Hayworth I guess, huh fellas? ! 
 		Lol I was saying she went full retard for awhile but no one listens to me. :( 
 The shooter who massacred eight people at a synagogue in Pittsburgh earlier today was an anti-Semite who expressed his disdain for Donald Trump, while also commenting, I did not vote for him.   This disgusting lunatic should be treated as a terrorist.    
 	kill yourself you faggot 
 	Hey witches, you're all living on borrowed time. The only hex that's gonna happen is libs like you havin' your carcasses put on a stake. 
 	Where are the Christians?  
 	Where are the Christians?  
 Rt :    .@WhoopiGoldberg, instead of insinuating that my sons are potential future abusers, you might want to explain why you defended actual child rapist Roman Polanski?  I don’t believe it was ‘rape’ rape. - Whoopi Goldberg on Roman Polanski  Cc    
 	Deport that nigger troll already.  
 Why don’t you folks at the  try it for a few weeks and see if you have any readers left?  
 	Are people that retarded that they believe a Jew paper?  Whatever the Post says you can almost be positive that the opposite is true!  It's a Jew, It can't be True! 
 Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote:    Nazbowl siege man    Silverdawn    Proud Wasp    Vanilla Nilla   *** A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
 	>Confirmed Anti-American communists > A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards Fucking make up your mind, doofus. 
 		I use proper English and spelling, generally. Only a fucking retard makes anything out of that other than that's how it's meant to look. 
 Most prolific Canadian actor ever.  
 	Faggot 
 That flaming faggot Sessions deserves the rope. 
      Loses Security Clearance Amid Email Scandal        
 	Cunt  
 You must free yourself from the lies you've been programmed with.    Your nation isn't an idea or a melting pot. If it's not any of those things then what is it? It's the same thing that's always made up a nation, a racially homogeneous group of people.    In the case of America, that means white people. 
 	>> In the case of America, that means white people.  <<  Said who where? 
 		fuck offf anti white retard pitenana 
 That is one ugly ass nigger 
 Van Dyke Found Guilty Of 2ND Degree Murder & 16 Counts Of Aggravated Battery With A Firearm 
 Van Dyke Found Guilty Of 2ND Degree Murder & 16 Counts Of Aggravated Battery With A Firearm 
 Queen at live aid is the best live performance of all time. Fight me Beyonce fans   
 		Dead Aids faggot 
  
 	What Does A Street Nigger Know?  Who The Fuck Cares?  Nwo Jews & TheIR Media Combines And Movie Combines And Education Combines.  
 this is post-modernism 
 	Anyone said nigger Iq ? What Iq ?  
 	I have a better theory. It was a psyop run by kikeservative republicans on behalf of their communist democrat allies, because they both have the same goals and the same enemy. Their enemy is White America, and their goal is destroy Western civilization and promote general libertine degeneracy.  
 		Lol, whereas there's plenty of you dumb faggots just begging to destroy this country and betray your own people in favor of kikes, you retarded cuck pile of shit only worthy of being fertilizer.  
 Cunt 
 On top of his game.   
 	sounds like a gay nigger 
 United Kingdom: 'Fears for missing girl Julia Lemancyzk, 14, last seen at school as family ‘very worried’'   
 	the Uk is a muzzie shithole 
 	the Uk is a muzzie shithole 
 When I was a kid, gay meant happy and a faggot was a bunch of sticks. What have they done to my language?    
 	Never apologize to an angry mob. 
 	Never apologize to an angry mob. 
 Can I fetch anyone a Midol? 
 		She should Stfu. She is not an American.  
 		She should Stfu. She is not an American.  
 A wise man once said "burn the coal, pay the toll."    
 	any woman that lays down with a nigger deserves to be killed 
 Lol. I was looking for a nigger joke. 
 Oh goody, another retard is here.  
 If that were my son, a lying cunt would quietly disappear. 
 But, I'm not ready for the weekend to be over.I'm Thunderstruck!   Ac/Dc - Thunderstruck (Official Video):  
 	And one for my Hillbilly friends!   
 		That's some good shit right there! I dont care who ya are! 
 		That's some good shit right there! I dont care who ya are! 
 The Nazis have a "D" next to their names. 
 	Fuk u commie, there is absolutely zero similarities between sir Hitler and pos Clinton. U a fucking faggot 
 	 like Lowry save their harshest criticism for whites who unabashedly speak the truth about race and culture.  #14Words      
 	 like Lowry save their harshest criticism for whites who unabashedly speak the truth about race and culture.  #14Words      
 Going on Heel turn soon: (30 minutes)  
 	Don’t know what’s gotten into Hoakeem. Dude has been an argumentative petty little cunt lately 
 	Don’t know what’s gotten into Hoakeem. Dude has been an argumentative petty little cunt lately 
 U know there's some really retarded individuals on this app. Wake the Fuck Up Idiots!  This app is Langleys, Dhs, Fbi, MI6 & every other Intel, surveillance and alphabet agency's Wet FuckING Dream! U fuckin retards shoot ur mouths off like u think u can't be found, They Are watching and listening  
  
 		Save the trial and just hang his Muzzie black ass!   
 	A clarification for people who might come across this story - this referendum about altering the Romanian constitution to prohibit gay marriage didn't fail because Romanians support gay marriage - they don't, and Romania doesn't have gay marriage. The referendum failed because it became associated with the ruling, ultra-corrupt Socialist party. 
 		The Mafia-like Socialist Psd party basically attempted to use the referendum as a way to distract from their misrule of Romania, and as a way to score what they thought was an easy political win. However, this backfired since Romanians decided that the election was just symbolic, and that saying Fuck You to the Socialists was a more urgent message to send. 
 			I hope Romania doesn't make the same mistake as america did. The slippery slope is very real, first it's with the gay marriage which I was like "okay fine" at first, but then they started brainwashing kids and encouraging them to chop their dicks off. Give these people an inch and they take a mile. 
 					The masses here in america are already rebelling because of the tranny/drag queen/kid brainwashing bit. I remember that there was a survey that showed that for the first time Lgbtbbqbraap approval ratings are dropping. 
 						If it was just the gay marriage thing and nothing else I would be perfectly fine, but unfortunately for them they overplayed their hand big time and now people(including me) are starting to have second thoughts. 
 							It really was a slippery slope - we didn't get man on dog (yet), but we Did get "bake the fucking cake, bigot!", corporate purges of wrongthinkers, 500 genders and a demand that we use female pronouns when referring to a bearded dude in a dress. 
 								 
 										That's why I *cannot bereibe* it! But his 2008 anti-homo crusade and prophecy about the coming Current Year was, well, prophetic. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 		None mate. He deleted his account here and fekked off weeks ago. Think I hurt his feelings with his easy vanity degree in Literature, his public sector Pc parasitic non-job and his wife and four mistakes. Called me all sorts of rude things, then vanished. Blocked me on both his Twitter accounts too :) 
 			id love to bang that cunt out  
 				Coupleof guys on Twitter were asking me who he is. They wanted to doorstep him. The words just slipped out before I could stop them. That was when he vanished. Wonder if they did? :) 
 					lets hope so  
 						Wish they'd videoed it if they did. 
 						Wish they'd videoed it if they did. 
     Hahahahahahahaha This Is What Happens To Old, Fat Nonces After They’Ve Seen You Naked Alice!           
 	I like the ‘Lola thought that and look how wrong she was’ comment. so wrong that she took a cunt load of heroin every day to make herself feel better. Away te fuck ye pillock!  
 	I like the ‘Lola thought that and look how wrong she was’ comment. so wrong that she took a cunt load of heroin every day to make herself feel better. Away te fuck ye pillock!  
 I gotta make up for some missed weeks, so this nigger is now Your Black Athlete of the Week:   Kemari Averett, Louisville football coon-       Couldn't find his laptop. Accused his ho of stealing it. Put a gun to her head to show seriousness. In jail, $10K bond- 
 I'M Hoping Soooo Much that this hurricane  kills every single wetback in the caravan! 
 I got rear-ended by a careless driver who was going way over the speed limit on Friday night on way down to San Diego. I have to take it easy on  J-walks until two weeks pass, as I received a concussion from the whiplash, and any blows to the head like I received during Olympia Jwalk right now might do me in.  I think I will have to have my left shoulder repaired again; it feels like it tore again when I got pushed against the seat belt, and I need an Mri. I got a Ct scan of head, and concussion didn't cause any bleeds in the head, thankfully. Heading back up to San Francisco Bay Area in a few days.  I will be taking it easy and sitting down at desktop coordinating the edits for five to eight new  videos this week. 
 	Sorry to hear of your misfortune Pat.S.O.B. Had to be on his Cellphone and not paying attention.Am also sorry to hear you live in California with Jerry the Retard Brown at the Helm.If you ever feel you would like to Raise your Standard of Living Without a Raise in Pay.You may go to Any Other State (Except Hawaii) and everything remaining the Same you'll automatically raise your Standard of Living.  
 Swedish Sjw Facing Jail After Blocking Criminal Afghan’s Deportation    
 	Jail isn't good enough, the cunt should be air-dropped in the middle of the kongo completely naked. While she is busy surviving the native spearchuckers attempt to rape her, register her on a no-flight list as a terrorist. If she wants to ever make it back, she will have to do it the hard way. 
    KrawallBrüder - Unbeugsam - mehr hass 2017  - I don't speak german   - the music sounded good   - the video was fucking retarded  
 College is such a joke. Smart white kids have to bend over backwards and bust their ass. Meanwhile, if you're good wit da football you're golden. 
 	whites are the biggest football morons of all. they'll lick nigger ass for a Td or long yardage.Nfl whites are the lowest of the low! just scum! 
 Kavanaugh ‘Gang Rape’ Accuser Has Group Sex Fetish, According To Man She Hit On    
 	Being a Slut is the polar equivalent  of Rapist in so many ways & 'Group Sex Fetish' is the faggot terminology for Gangbanger because she loved getting banged by the brothers 
 Don't know any members as of yet, but I'm new to Gab.   I'm a strong 2nd Amendment, Pro Life, Nationalist, Conservative, White Rights, 1MAN 1WOMAN Marrige defender and defend it I will. 
 	I am here brother  
 		I just sent a memo to a fucken nigger calling whites all kinds of names and I told him if he kept that shit up he'd be hanging from a fucken tree. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	"Disassociation" = block button  The majority of Gabbers have already made it clear we don't want a block/censorship button. Every time Andrew has posed that option he got a widely negative reaction from people. Gab is going to start sucking and get super boring once everyone starts blocking each other, limiting interaction and debate. 
 		 - what's your point? It doesn't matter whether people currently here have thick skins.   The fact is, the comment block is just so faggot bitch  can post without his retarded #Q predictions being called out. @a has already admitted this. 
  
 	Bye Bye Cunt ! 
 	2-so now despite all the great conduct by us euro here in usa that helped everybody on earth we have to go back to fighting like animals to protect our girls from a bunch of insane nigger chimps that live on earth off us as theyve reverted back into the insane rapist theyve been all history . They Arent In My Future , I Vow That ! 
  
 	What!   Another Fellow Boy Scout? From what Troop do you hail, sir? 
 		Tonasket Twat Twisters.  Plank Owner! 
 		Tonasket Twat Twisters.  Plank Owner! 
 Seems everyone here gets focused more on my handle, as if I am an Elvis fanatic.  I will say that Elvis did nigger music better than the niggers. 'Disturbed' is a band led by a Jewish midget - I'll stick with Fat Elvis singing negro spirituals, freak 
 Good morning     Have a great Friday 
 		Sadly, in Taxachusset it is hardly likely. But the second part can still come true. We live in hope! 
 		Sadly, in Taxachusset it is hardly likely. But the second part can still come true. We live in hope! 
 	I also love how this guy does the "I Won'T Purity Spiral But" bit and proceeds to essentially do so anyway. The Nordcuck wignat purity spiralers aren't sending their best.   Also: inb4 "ButTBLASTED Med Mutt Lul" I'm actually 100% Northern European by ancestry and proud of it. 
 		I like how you opted to attack me. I don't believe pointing out people who are less than 75% European aren't white is purity spiraling. The average argentinean is 10% ashkenazi. As I said Hispanics aren't white and their Dna tests speak for themselves.  
 						You literally said people who are 10% ashkenazi are white  
 							90% white is basically white Mr. "Me No Spiral". 
 								They aren't 90% white.65% European at best. That's not white.  
 											>same fucking lies and strawmen 
 New #Q Drop. 10.06.18 No. 2358 I would hope the Gop and entire Senate will be bringing criminal charges where they are warranted.without delay!   Holy Crap! Pelosi spells out the complete ploy  on Video! Watch and share .   ------------------------------------------------------------   Q !mG7VJxZNCI No.353 Oct 6 2018 17:52:44 (Est)  2358       "Wrap-Up Smear" deployed v. Justice K?  The More You Know  [Archive]  Q   ------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 	what this Cunt just described, comes Straight Out Of The  Book Rules For Radicals By Saul Alinsky  
 Baby, 4 weeks, found dead in mom's apartment after abduction report, police say  
 	If found guilty give the cunt the death penalty. Of course she will whine in court and get away with a slap on the wrist by comparison to male perpetrators.  
 Are you against intraracial relationships? If so tell me why in the replies. 
 		i knew this chick her mom was white her dad a crow nigger i guess cuz he left before she was born. she caught hell from whites and blacks and did not fit in either community. since obama now niggers love half breeds  
 Colin Just Broke His Silence On Trump - It’s Bad Folks   When asked about Trump being a moral leader, Powell said Trump was incapable of it.     
 			Write a book so we know how it is to hate people every day.  Thank God such hate is far removed from my life.   
 			 
 			 
  
 	Just do it to blacks so Shaun and his two inch faggot winnie can bitch more. Do the crime do the time, Criminal Culture. 
 I see you have a -42 score, 0 followers and you follow 0 people! In the land of Gab, that means you are a Troll! Liberalist indeed! Welcome to the real world you twat waffle! 
 I see you have a -42 score, 0 followers and you follow 0 people! In the land of Gab, that means you are a Troll! Liberalist indeed! Welcome to the real world you twat waffle! 
 Rt :    Gillum claimed: I’m a grown man who pays for my own vacations. Then he’s proven a liar. ( ) Now he says calling him out is reinforcing stereotypes about black men.  Dude, you got caught being corrupt. Don’t play the race card.   
 	The nigger is the one affirming the stereotype about niggers.   It doesn't work anymore shithead. 
 Here we go.  Soon, we will get a huge influx of retarded conservatives.   They could not see the censorship coming.   Will these mental patients actually try to tell the gab community that internet censorship is conspiracy theory? 
 	Most likely, while demanding a Block button. 
 	It's not that conservatives could not see. We resist as much as possible, preferring not to leave an undefended territory. We're in this for the country.  
 		I know.  I got your back.   The best thing we can do right now is emphasize how foolish it is when people think censorship is fake news.  These people need to be confronted immediately.  They are on our side but are 20 years behind the game.   
 	Was this just your chance to bash conservatives? Conservatives are the most free speech group there is, bar none.  Your post looks retarded. 
 		Settle down.  You know who I am talking about.  Get yourself out of the brand name box.   
 		Labels are part of the problem.  The NeverTrumper conservatives perverted the conservative label.  Those people were never conservatives Imo.  Flake, McCain, Paul Ryan, all the Bushes, most of the Gop establishment, etc. are not conservative.  
 		The worst thing we could ever do for our brothers is let them continue with this half brained idea that censorship is fake news. 
 		Yeah.  Those idiots totally enabled censorship. And they said it was conspiracy theory.  Now, they are all coming here.  I will smash these posers so hard that normal conservatives may be confused and offended.   
 		I guess I am an American First conservative.  I do not believe in free trade (complete Bs) or open borders.  I started off as a fiscal conservative and less of a social conservative (but lean that way).  Fiscal conservatives got perverted with the free trade, open border nonsense.   
 		There is no doubt the left wants to censor and is engaged in an all out effort to do so.  Please also be advised, as I am sure you are already aware, that lots of leftist folks come here pretending to be a conservative to sell leftism by attaching onto something that sounds conservative.  If what they say does not sound conservative, they are not conservative. 
 		I had one the other day try to sell me on the idea that open borders was God's plan and that protecting our white race was not part of God's plan and that we should just let mass immigration happen.  That is the type of Bs I am seeing from fake conservatives.  
 	I think (hope) that's a parody site. 
 		Nope.  I am here to smash on conservatives that think internet censorship is conspiracy theory.  They are the source of all our problems.   
 	 Conservatives have more brains than the liberal ant 
 		Yes.  Yes indeed.  But conservatives are a mixed bag.  At least half of them are fair weather fans.  These are the idiots I am talking about.   The demented fools that think internet censorship is conspiracy theory.  complete f*#&ing idiots.   
 		Yeah those are idiots for sure only true blue conservatives are against censorship 
 		You get me.  That is my thing this week.  As all the new accounts swarm in.   
 		You get me.  That is my thing this week.  As all the new accounts swarm in.   
  Don’t apologize for quoting Churchill. He was a badass.  
 	He was another puppet of the jew. Stfu and learn your history. He helped start a useless war so we could have sand niggers and faggot communists roaming the streets. If you support him you are a traitor to your race and nation. 
 Why don't you go back to sucking nigger toes on r/christian? If you can't see cuckstianity for a degenerate, globalist business it is, then calling you a brain dead, nigger toe enthusiast isn't even hyperbole because that's the logical end point of your hippy dippy, kiddy fondling cult. 
 A Must Watch.Trudeau’s 'Refugee Hotel' Exposed!  We visited the Raddison Hotel Toronto East to investigate weather the hotel is being used as a refugee centre to accommodate illegal migrants, and to determine if rumours of the migrants destructive behaviour are true.     I Was Never In Sumatra       
 	Here's The Rebel Media's page with their collection of hotel videos, they include the Syrians and the Radisson nigger palace. A day after this video was taken, Animal Services had to be called in because the nigger savages were slaughtering live goats in the washrooms. Several goats were rescued, they probably needed to rape kit them too.   
 Sure Wish Nikki Haley Was Not Resigning As Un AMBAsSADOR She Is A True American 
 	Nobody can be as much of a faggot as you are.  Nobody. 
 	you're the only one on this entire site that i dont hate. 
 		Woah, I really Am a special boy now! 
 		 
 			you wouldn't understand anyway, pleb. only the jack donovan reading elite me and pan am belong to would.  
 			 
 			 
 	The presumption is that money can only come from one society? Forced or free? The induction from the first principle of money says it can come from either since either type must perform work to survive. Likewise, markets [exchange] must exist in both types. 
 		How would a stateless people have a concept of money? 
 			Evolved from a concept of value, growth (which those societies eventually evolved into) and both meeting times in which goods produced (for scarcity or season) are lacking, but resources (which are costly turn turn into a product or require unavailable product or resource) are not,  
 				Would they call it "money"? What is this air of post-modernism and structuralism and Chomsky's linguistic theories going around here right now? This shit is why Ai and integrated systems hit stagnation. Language defining the nature and societal rather than nature and following nature the societal necessitating the language? 
 					It doesn't matter if they would or not. The difference between shiny objects traded because people like them for fashion and something you can actually use to create a structured economy is blatantly obvious and I don't go along with the anthropological bullshit story of calling the former money. 
 						"precious metals have no value and a representative form of value for standardization has no purpose"  "It doesn't matter if they call it money"   "They would never have called that money"  Semantics, literally.   Worthless and child like psuedo philosophy. 
 							Precious metals do have a value; I never said otherwise. Shells and ceremonial crafts don't. Stone age gift economies are not organized around anything but formalization of relationships. 
 								Barter.   This is obvious. What the fuck kind of a statement is "cave people didn't have standardized money" and more importantly how is that statement anything but worthless. 
 										Youre in trouble for disingenuous jewish bullshit who's only current point I can see is some strange attempt to place "money" before the concept of value of resource and societal growth. Im not fucking backing down on this shove your threat up your cunt  
 Un ‘Sheriff’ Nikki Haley Championed Israel at the Expense of the Us         
 		Lol. 
 		Lol. 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 	We should be grateful to Jews, we might be expected to pay for the Democratic Party if Jews didn't keep the Democrats' pockets full. 
 		Considering the Mindset of the current average Democrat.This is just One More Reason to Dislike Jews. 
 				You can copy/paste this response as many times as you like but the Jews-in-name-only that we deal with today still exist and are causing problems for the entire world, if you're going to make a distinction then why can't you make the connection that those are the ones we hate? You're complaining about labels. 
 					No, we are sick of people who automatically tag everyone in an entire race evil, from the evil deeds of some!   Simply a stupid, & unrealistic way of seeing any country on Earth.There are evil demon rats in Every Nation! 
 						This is a retarded strawman built by the weak minded.   Doing the smallest amount of research will see that every civilisation in history has had a problem with Jews. Interacting with the average Jew you will discover they fucking hate us.   When it is rarer for a Jew to be good and not trying to undermine you and promote your genocide, it becomes the default to say they're all bad and praise the exceptional ones when they deserve it. 
 	She's not gonna make it. 
 	She's not gonna make it. 
 I want an apology from the people in my timeline that called me a "retard" when I said the army corps of engineers would not build the wall. 
 	Only a retard would believe that. You know like jazzhand mcfeels. 
 Never trust Leftists in your life. It doesn’t matter how much you think you can rely on them or confide to them, they will sell you out to rabid online mobs if it means they can get sweet social media points. 
 		in Gta V 
 		in Gta V 
 I have become Death   Destroyer of Gab Topics 
 		no u 
 		no u 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 We've all known Taylor Swift was a cunt since she sued that guy two years ago. Why act surprised now? 
 Rt PrisonPlanet    After earning Swedish citizenship, a migrant reportedly raped a woman and claimed now I can do what I want.     
 	Why on earth do Western governments allow their own civilised Western culture to be destroyed and end up a retarded savage society. Centuries from now archeologists will find the remains and ruins of a once modern intelligent Western civilisation.   
 Before senate voting on our brilliant Fearless Trump nomination of  Kavanaugh, his retarded Foes Fill Senate Gallery With Sounds of the Insane   The Dems shrieking was hardly bearable and even worse from those being paid by Soros and son the monsters living at the bottom of the Dc Swamp with their globalist for Nwo  .Fbi investigate this mob  
  
 	Just once in a while, all the torment from the left is worth taking just to hear this. Now F*** off Daniels and take that twat Doctor watshername with you. You pair of lying leftist shills 
 All hail Robert "Real White Power Hours" Bowers!    
 				lol  
 					Lol! 360 no-scoped.  
 					Lol! 360 no-scoped.  
  - Confirmation of a faggot kill is not as difficult as it might seem- you simply wait for the pink daisy petals to start floating in the air. But you can't stand down-wind. 
 The rejection of the left is Global.Get On Board    
 	Yes the Communist Leftists are Globalists. What one people have no homeland? What one people would push for open borders?  
 				  I agree. 'Ish' and 'Ism' are trademarks of the Khazars who pretend to be the Biblical Hebrews. 
 					Ignorant drivel. Too an amazing extent, they Are the Biblical Hebrews.   Yeah, I know, Nazis don't do science. 
 					Ignorant drivel. Too an amazing extent, they Are the Biblical Hebrews.   Yeah, I know, Nazis don't do science. 
     Wir sind  (YesWeCan.)  Motto: **Wenn Medien nicht mehr ans eigne Volk glauben (wollen), wer versagte!**    [AutophpGab]  
 	Nigger Bonus Wiedermal 
 How the Italian police deal with Antifa.  Great, feel good video.  I could watch this all day.    
 	Italians have a beautiful culture and history! you think they want to stink it up filthy it up with nasty,vile inferior Muslim and nigger shit? 
 		Nailed it. That is their scheme. They know all Americans that have a brain, possess any critical thinking skills, aren't mystified by Hollywood and the retard box have figured out their /Marxist game. Therefore they need to recruit the dead and illegal aliens just to win elections. They need to become a severe minority party, hell, their entire party needs to go the way of the Dodo. 
 		Nailed it. That is their scheme. They know all Americans that have a brain, possess any critical thinking skills, aren't mystified by Hollywood and the retard box have figured out their /Marxist game. Therefore they need to recruit the dead and illegal aliens just to win elections. They need to become a severe minority party, hell, their entire party needs to go the way of the Dodo. 
   
 	Virtue signal extravaganza!   Looks like they are in Mexico. 
 		So the straight guy cucked Will he also be dancing with his gay mate? And what if his gay mate wants a goodnight tongue or maybe a late night bit of chocolate Will he go full gay so as not to 'offend' his faggot pal? Or is this guy really just a closet fag waiting for the opportunity for some gay action? 
 A barometer of the violent threat, a very real danger, toward    from the socialist communist  that's being incited by Obama, Holder, Hillary and their Ofa (Organized for Action) housed at Obama's residence Just 2 Miles from the White House            But   be   
 		A closet trump supporter is a coward. 
 			or very wise indeed 
 				I don't know about that mabe  don't want your car keyed.Went to the grocery wearing my trump t-shirt.this obnoxious fellow follows me in every aisle up and down. I turned and asked and if he needs any help he sarcastically snickered at me and mumbled something under his breath. Wanted confrontation 
 					exactly, we've crossed over the rubicon of safely publicly flaunting our views of almost anything, certainly anything political.   I don't even talk politics with my daughters, no one really but one good friend and you Gab guys but I'm always working in the background to further the    missions. 
 						I don't wear Trump t-shirts or hats in public, just Nra Life Member gear. I live in the original Constitutional Carry state, Vermont. Even our most rabid Commie Libs know better than to provoke me. 
 					Awesome! Proved, just like the rest of the chicken shit brown shirts of Antifa, he was a punk. I am starting to correct people's information, say my truths, etc--but I know them. It is a fine line with strangers because I'm not looking to be overran by a mob if I'm all by myself. And that is what they are doing. Or setting your car on fire under the darkness of night.   
 						they don't come around here, and those in the city know we have them surrounded!       
 						It is amazing how easily some of these douchebags get triggered.  I have personally seen this in a professional setting at a government agency this year (he was greatly outnumbered).  So, it is no surprise this is happening, daily (hourly), in the general public. 
 						It is amazing how easily some of these douchebags get triggered.  I have personally seen this in a professional setting at a government agency this year (he was greatly outnumbered).  So, it is no surprise this is happening, daily (hourly), in the general public. 
 lulz Oh no! Marty is stuck in purgatory, it seems. I love how retarded you made Torba sound. Good job! 
 Despicable Racist Retarded bitches writing for the Ny Times Jew boys?  I am so surprised! 
 Arizona Dem Kyrsten Sinema Attacked 'Bullshit' Stay-At-Home Moms For 'Leeching Off Their Husbands'  
 	Sjw Cunt ! 
 Avenatti: Other Democrats Would Be Better Presidents, but They Can't Win in 2020    
 	Lol creepy porn lawyer thinks he has a snowballs chance in hell of being president Lol i have a better fucking chance but i do have the advantage im not fucking batshit insane and retarded  
 Tumblr Shows How Retarded The Western Left is 
 Us 'boomers' are the only reason that you have anything nice to begin with! 
 	Wtf?  White Genocide is not nice, you jerk.  Boomers don't give a shit about my generation (Z) nor any other thing outside of your own pleasures and comforts.  I hope you get a nigger nurse when the time comes and that she shoots your veins with a syringe full of air because she hates whitey so much.  
 Why is this not being reported as a racial hate crime?   White girl robbed, raped and murdered by violent blacks, but it is not a "hate crime" because the killers are black and the victim is from the minority White population 
 	Apparently, the girl was dating a black man. What a tragic waste of a life when White girls sleep with black men.   
 		I honestly have more sympathy for the niggers than I do for the coalburner. She deserved what she got. If only her nigger boyfriend died. 
 Tell me its not a man. 
 	 
 			Have you heard the word taquiyya? It gives them an excuse to do anything. 
 				The Soviet 'maskirovka' was based on a similar ideal. For example, the retarded West believed the Warsaw Pact alliance actually existed which it did not. There was no such thing. 
 Sinead; crowning a one hit career that went downhill fast, and a life of 'let's be kind and use the words, insecurity issues,' has converted to Islam. She said: "Her conversion was the natural conclusion of any intelligent theologians journey."   Utter rubbish!   
 	Sinead O'Connor should take a trip to the middle east and explain to the Islamists  how she wants to date women  
 		This Mick bint is so f*cked up. If she had a sex change she could become human! 
 Treasonous Faggot Lindsey Graham: ‘Toxic’ Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ‘Has Got to Go’    
 nigger twitter talks about raping & killing White People 24/7 & not a damn thing is done or said. 
 No just a twatter faggot  
 	Would somebody please explain what this retard is talking about? 
 Exactly how much cash does it take to bribe a Billionaire?    is     
 	Another kike or faggot 
 In a sense you have.  When you see heathens advocating outright murder of white Christians . I've certainly seen it.   Thankfully this is a small minority in no way representative of folk religion as a whole. 
 	Come again! 
 		Indeed -- I have seen at least one case of this, of someone claiming to be folkish stating that "all christians get the bullet" or the like.   I'm sure if you just search for "get the bullet" or "christians get the bullet" you'll find it.      Obviously due to the nature of what we are doing, this sort of thing Can come from infiltrators rather than serious people; which is why I don't use these instances to paint with a broad brush.    What *has* shocked me when I have seen such statements is a lack of condemnation of them.   But that could be because a lot of people mute such maniacs and so never see what they say. 
 			1. How many followers did this account have?   2. how old is said account  3. Name said account. 
 				Naturally!    is the account.   Routinely makes such statements.  Active in pagan topics.   Over 400 followers, Pro account, established in Sept 2016.    I hope you didn't ask me for this because you thought I was making it up? 
 					"National Socialist. Germanic pagan. Flat chested 13 year old dog girl. Pop-up headlight enthusiast. YayoiP  "    I do not think I would put to much credibility in that account bro. 
 						I don't!   But what I find interesting is how few people have counter-signaled. 
 								Fair enough! 
 								Fair enough! 
 Helloooooo? Max-Ine Wat-Ers! 
 	I wish Mad Max would receive a bomb and it would blow up in her stupid Nigger face! I'd laugh my ass off! All fuckin niggers must fuckin hang! Except for the ones we need for manual labor! 
 Impeach Kavanaugh.New witness comes out. 
 	fu nigger 
 And you are still too retarded to understand how stupid you sound. 
 Nothin' like the classics.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 What's the big deal?   Melania Trump is offered a suspicious little male package every night being told it's the bomb! 
 	Keep your nasty remarks about our Flotus to yourself, limey. 
 		Shut up humorless npc cunt boat 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		.it also leaves out that you're doing the exact same thing: attacking free speech. Namely by suggesting that Germans and others are too stupid to know propaganda when they hear it (something I actually agree with 100%) and must not be exposed to too much Jewish media. Same exact argument retarded  made.  
 It's great Canada did this but they're all still faggot Canadians 
 Why would they want to do this.really?       related to:         
 	Retarded on steroids. 
 Stormy Now Owns Pres. Trump’s Legal Bills  Judge throws out Stormy Daniels’s defamation lawsuit against Trump    
 	very used twat 
 I doubt many people asked for this, feels like a really retarded attempt to catch the interest of people that liked Pokemon Go. Little do they understand that such people aint that interested in both buying a full-price release of the same game, as well as a console to play it on. 
 just give da nigger da baton and let him march in the parade that'll keep the son of  bitch happy.Lol 
  Ok shitty arse. I got to pull you up with some facts here.    1) Nobody has pretended you are Alice. We Know you are.    2) Have you doxed Me? No.    3) Charlie himself confirmed his name was Paul.    4) Stop running away you fat cunt.   5) Lollers 
 		Ahhhh that so? Well it’ll be both then!  
 		Ahhhh that so? Well it’ll be both then!  
 * * * False Flag Event * * *    Okay, how stupid do people think us gabbers are? First 'fake bombs' and now a white moose! This is just another ploy by the 'Ds' to bring Trump down!    Just because this moose is snow-white, we all know its just another dirty trick!    "You can put white paint on a moose, its still just a moose wearin white paint!                                   
 	For some reason I trust this moose and feel he's probably a good Dad, works hard and loves his country. 
 		Albino animals, including moose, are real. Its a genetic defect i wouldn't brag about being Albino, that's like calling your self a nazi .its a retard gene  
 	Dat 10 D chess boi. 
 	Dat 10 D chess boi. 
 Farrakhan:  'I'm Not An Anti-Semite. I'm Anti-Termite'.  
 	. Is someone actually trying to puzzle out what a nigger is thinking? 
 Wow! Great Sgt Report with Liz Crokin!   
 	They are badly staged because Democrats are filled with brain dead Pac's Personal Player Characters and retarded Millennials. They are incapable of sophisticated thought. 
 Omg Mr Wehrmacht Ur Not Gonna Believe This i just said to my Dad who the fuck is Babe Ruth and he started telling me about how my Great Great Great Great Great Grandma Edith Anderson used to write letters to the 1st nigger baseball player, he even showed me one!    
 Around bowling balls & blacks, don't relax.   
 		we will tell the niggers. " look niggah,it's our way or the highway!" ( < : 
 If I see this retarded shit in public I'm going to sweep the leg. Swear to     
 @a See Andrew, only Facebook, Google, and Twitter can allow anti white hatred, Islamic terrorism, etc.    This setup as blatant & phony as the toy unibomber     
 	Another askeNAZI Jew Terrorist?  They are all askeNAZI Jew Terrorist Scum!  Jews are Retarded programmed robots! 
 You know, you shouldn't call Liberals "retarded." Retarded people really hate being equated with Liberals. Can't say I blame them. 
 Fbi Arrests White ‘Serial Rioters’   And ignores antifa.    
 	Fbi is the nigger protection league 
  
 	New Orleans doesnt have gun control. We have a nigger problem, you stupid fucking jew. 
 	Come again! 
 		Indeed -- I have seen at least one case of this, of someone claiming to be folkish stating that "all christians get the bullet" or the like.   I'm sure if you just search for "get the bullet" or "christians get the bullet" you'll find it.      Obviously due to the nature of what we are doing, this sort of thing Can come from infiltrators rather than serious people; which is why I don't use these instances to paint with a broad brush.    What *has* shocked me when I have seen such statements is a lack of condemnation of them.   But that could be because a lot of people mute such maniacs and so never see what they say. 
 			1. How many followers did this account have?   2. how old is said account  3. Name said account. 
 				Naturally!    is the account.   Routinely makes such statements.  Active in pagan topics.   Over 400 followers, Pro account, established in Sept 2016.    I hope you didn't ask me for this because you thought I was making it up? 
 					I think Ricotta just has a sense of humour.their joking aside I tend to agree with most underlying points in the posts they make.  There is simply no room for alien ideologies like Abrahamism in a new healthy & authentically European order.   Within the post-Christian Western Nations advocacy for the re-implementation of christian rule, ideology & moral ideals is nothing short of subverting the Nation.this isn't about picking on Christians, it's about pro-white people that rightfully view this ideology as inherently / fundamentally anti-white (or non European in origin). "Christian apologists get the bullet too" is this fundamental difference drawn to its extreme conclusion.  In other words, they will always view it as a destructive anti European force.  Of course you will strongly disagree with this, but an increasing number of people feel this way.it is an incompatibility in ideology that won't simply fade away with time. 
 							They're only a problem when they have the power to murder us over our ethnic faiths and rejection of a Jew.  Christians tried to forcibly convert, murder and stamp out these faiths across Europe.destroying our cultures and traditions in the process, whilst adopting, warping and mutating other aspects.  Clearly I'm not advocating going back in time and murdering all Christians.but yes.we should have been fortunate enough to murder every last subversive and backwards Christian spreading this virus across Europe.  There is no problem with this reasoning.you're just claiming that because at one point the majority of people were christian therefore we can never oppose Christianity in any real way, otherwise we are destroying ourselves! .that is faulty thinking.mostly because you proceed to point out how Christians are now a minority. wouldn't it then make sense to deal with this problem in its infancy?  Communists should get the bullet.and that won't change even if they manage to become 99% of my society. (someone then telling me my strong opposition to communist advocacy is detrimental to the survival of humanity isn't very convincing.agree with the fleeting majority or the species will die)  I would also advocate physically opposing people that are trying to implement their favourite politician as a King in 2018. does this mean I want to murder all Europeans because most European Nations had Kings in the past? no.  Your reply is dishonest & a cheap emotional plea. 
 								I am not trying to be dishonest or emotional.       Let me try another approach to this.       I am assuming you would agree that Jews control all major media.  Correct?    What is the one and only religion attacked and derided without penalty by Jewish Controlled media?   Is it Judaism? Islam? Hinduism?  Dianic Feminist Wicca?  Druidry?  No -- it is Christianity.    When Christian prayers were removed from schools, who funded that?  Jews.  When Christian displays are removed from public places, who funds that litigation?  Jews.   Who planned and executed the subversion of the Vatican resulting in Vatican 2?  Jews.  Who planned and executed the systematic subversion of numerous Christian theological schools?  Jews.  Who wrote and propagated the poisonous Schofield Bible propagating so-called Christian Zionism?  A Jew.      Whether or not Christianity is objectively good or bad for European peoples is something that can be reasonably debated.       But what cannot be debated is that when you take a specifically anti-Christian stance (as opposed to a pro-pagan one) you are absolutely joining forces with Jews to achieve what is also a Jewish objective.    Too damned bad you can't cooperate with woke Christians against organized Jewish interests, huh?    And yet one more tack:  According to McNallen who is in a position to know, there are only about 20k pagans in the entire Us.   Meanwhile, fully 3,000,000 Americans are leaving Christianity every year.  But they aren't becoming pagans.    The default being pushed by the globalist now is a rational materialistic atheism.   This is the philosophy that Currently is preferred by the globalists.   It is every bit as dangerous and damaging as you believe Christianity to be, as the number of Aryans dying with needles stuck in their arms will attest.    Attacking Christianity does Not get you new pagans.  If you successfully destroy someone's Christian faith, you are more likely to get an atheistic materialist.    Imho your efforts are Far better spent on making community infrastructure and other things pagans need in order to offer a sense of community and structure for families so people have an alternative, when they leave churches, to falling into something even worse.       Finally, most people forever have always been sheep.   "Christians" are not to blame for what the kings and emperors etc force them to do.  Just like in Wwii when my great uncle was drafted -- he participated because if he didn't he would have been penalized.   Conversions by the sword were not really for Christianity -- they were about conquest and Christianity was used as the excuse.       Today, liberalism does the exact same things -- punishes people for heresy and the like.   It's not about religion, or the religion of the common people.   It's about control.        If you think its okay to join the Jews in attacking white Christian brothers so they will become rational atheistic materialists, that's just fine.       But Imho your efforts are better spent in finding ways to rescue our Folk from that rational atheistic materialist abyss. 
 																			Serious about your mom being a monkey jiggaboo nigger  
 																			Serious about your mom being a monkey jiggaboo nigger  
 Welcome to San Francisco. This is Folsom Street yesterday (9/30/18). This is the California Senators Feinstein and Harris are working so hard to protect. 
 	awww even a drunk nigger and an alleyway full of every bodily fluid there is can’t stop their love isn’t democrat love beautiful  
 Why is Melania Trump going on a trip to help children in Africa?   According to the Left, it’s all part of a grand conspiracy to deliver secret messages to Vladimir Putin.   These people need professional help. 
 	 
 		Well, we do keep sending them aid so they can keep reproducing like a bunch of retarded animals. 
 Typical Muzzie Dicknoid 
 	We need to make things so un-welcoming, that they’ll yearn for the Dark Ages of home. don’t let the doorknob hit ya in the ass. bitches. 
 	We need to make things so un-welcoming, that they’ll yearn for the Dark Ages of home. don’t let the doorknob hit ya in the ass. bitches. 
     dara o cunt funcking transgender bbc mother fucker   another remain bastard that needs knocking out   like zog 
 Why has nobody slotted George Soros? I just don't get it. There is not one single decent person on the planet whose life would not be improved if that psycho cunt was no longer amongst us. 
 You are a despicable Racist Sexist piece of shit!  But you are too retarded to understand that aren't you! You must be a monkey brain lefty! 
 Switched Tv on last night, Casualty on Bbc, virtually all black cast apart from 3 characters.   Switched over to X Factor on ITv, virtually all black contestants, it looked more like Malcolm X Factor.   Switched off Tv and went to the pub 
 			Yep, I quit watching after they got the nigger assistant for the last Doc 
 You misunderstand, Jon. Yahweh is a clueless twat who, if you absorb the biblical account, had about as much sense as a couple of epileptics sharing a bowl of noodles in the dark. Fuck you and your Bronze-age mythology. Grow the fuck up. 
 Commie pinko globalist backed Demorats - If I can't control it, then it's "evil" an must be destroyed. If I control it, then it's sacred & crucial to a "civilized society" an must be defended at all costs an those who oppose it are backward inbred redneck hillbillies an the enemies of our "Democracy/Mob Rule" 
 Where are the nigger faggots? You are demon possessed White Trash Faggots!   Posted on MAGABomber thread and posting here for Justice.    
 are all christians as illiterate as you? i think that sandnigger religion has made you retarded 
 Based On What We Keep Seeing From Liberals & Democrats, It Sure Looks Like COnSERVATIVES Should Never Go Anywhere WItHOUT Being Armed.  
 		Yes he was 
 		Yes. You got it. 
 		Yes. You got it. 
 	So you think it should be legal to sell porno to minors? 
 		What year are you fucking from? No one buys pornography anymore it's all free and accessible to all ages do you think that little "click yes if you are 18+" stops anyone? 
 			So what you're saying is, you don't care if adults watch porno with children? 
 				Did I say watching porn with children? No I said no one buy's porn and its accessible to all. I don't care if underage people watch porn. Even back when it was restricted to magazines kids still got ahold of it. You just had to work harder. Being Gen Z those of my generation grew up with it and we are more conservative than the Millenials or Boomers. 
 					The original claim is that porn and racism are the indicators of whether or not free speech still exists and that's bullshit. Free speech by definition excluded things that we restrict minors from accessing and you're a retard if you think racism and pornography are an apples to apples comparison. 
 						Freedom does not mean equality. Both are countering positions. Children are not equal to adults and so do not have the same rights. They have human rights but not civil rights for obvious reasons. As for your original argument. Racism is a required aspect of free-speech since racism is a flawed concept and used to censor people. Namely whites. 
 							" racism is a required aspect of free speech since racism is a flawed concept " . there's you fucked right there. fucking idiot. 
 								Let me rephrase that. As I phrased it poorly. Racism as an idea is flawed because everyone is inherently racist. We evolved to be as such and hold in-group preference. During the righting of the first amendment, racism did not exist as a concept 
 									ok. now Die Nigger Die!   ( < : 
 Vote & Re-Post:   Their on about changing the 50 note   They say they want something more modern that reflects multiculturalism diversity etc   Who or what  will they or should they put on it ? 
 	Jo Cox rimming the assholes of a muzzie rape gang. 
 This is not a picture of the young George Soros.This is someone else. 
 	Ffs! Can't they even send me the right bloke lol 
 			Lol What exactly is your point with this pic Fraggle Rock? You've been sending it to me for 2 weeks now. I didn't say these Are bodies being taken to the crematoria after just being killed. It looks like bodies were being moved after the camp was liberated. What I said was the Nazis possibly used carts Like this to move bodies. 
 				thanks for your reply 
 				Nazis possibly used carts Like this to move bodies . Nazis did or they did not .Nazi is a bullshit word when The Holocaust Is A Lie 
    Revolution will not be televised 
 		hahaha 
 		hahaha 
 Excuse me, Senator Sherrod Brown's Ex-Wife presented medical records, Brown violated a restraining order issued by the court & threatened his wife during their divorce. He's been a pimple on the ass of Ohio for over 30 damn years.    
 		Our Governor is a Rino & belongs to the same party as the Democrats. Global Communism. 
 		Our Governor is a Rino & belongs to the same party as the Democrats. Global Communism. 
 There’s a reason why people don’t trust journalists anymore. 
 	that screencap is fake. i've looked it up. still retarded though. 
 Words are not bullets.   Social media posts have a body count of zero.   The sole responsibility for today's horrific actions lies with one person.   We will do everything in our power to work with law enforcement to see that justice is served. 
 	I love free speech too. One of your members with over 100 Iq please come forward and explain to me how spewing hot hateful garbage is covered by free speech.  is as responsible for pulling the trigger as that disgusting Nazi that killed today. Stand up and speak Gab commmunity. While u still have this site that is 
 		Free speech is free speech, so go fuck you mother you fucking retarded dirt bag! 
 Which retarded shitbag is saying this stupid shit.   Weapon of the left: calling campaigns. Let's keep it limited in scope to their offices. Keep phones ringing to fuck with these people just as they have done to our family, friends, and employers.  
 I'm running my penis down your mothers Neck you little Cunt ! 
 When a black country gains its independence, nobody asks, Are you ready for immigrants yet?  But for Russia and Eastern Europe, it is taken for granted that, since they are White countries, massive third world immigration is the next step. 
 	who the fuck in their right mind would want to flood their country with retarded bongo lipped apes? 
 Next! I've done beat down two of your guys so keep them coming, my name is Darren and I'm here on gab because I got kicked off Twitter but I'm going to beat your guyses ass is so easily, bring on you racist I ain't done with you! 
 		Maybe both? 
 		Both 
 		Both 
 Why is the faggot on Shepard Smith saying this guy in reference to whomever created the bombs?   fake Id coming. 
  
 	How on earth are the walking around the streets of the United States of America and not one of these evil cunt s not shoot dead or blown up come on American patriots  
 Political Correctness has turned the classic old Tv Sci Fi favourite Dr Who into Dr Whatever .     
 	the writing was on the wall as soon as it was announced the new doctor was a woman. they should have done that back in the 90's in the ep where the dr was trying on new bodies and one was a women. back then it would have made a statement. now it is just pc bullshite to make the sjw and pc (pretentious cunt brigade) happy. fuck 'em all.  
 Consequences Will Nevar Be The Same!    
 	retard 
 Colin Kaepernick Files Trademark for Image of His Face and Hair    
 	6 months and you can report he also files for bankruptcy too. That nigger looks like a tootsie-pop that got left in the floorboard of a car in the summer heat 
 Trump is the president. Don't eff with us.          
 	Hey , you should change your name to Trump Autist.   
 		I understand you're a faggot ;)  
 Words are not bullets.   Social media posts have a body count of zero.   The sole responsibility for today's horrific actions lies with one person.   We will do everything in our power to work with law enforcement to see that justice is served. 
 		This person needs to be blocked from following me, @a 
 				@a needs to prove it. You were muted and still showed up.  I have 18 undocumented stalkers.  
 				What are you on about you fucking kike? No one has to prove anything. I don't follow you, and the only reason we're conversing is because you went out of your way to mention me. Literally kill yourself. 
    Obviously    But of course we are being forced into dhimmitude - one Law for Muslims, another law for the Infidel 
 	I love to ram that Mike down is fucking throat im chocking I'm chocking good die you cunt god say you must die Haase  
  
 	because you are a cunt 
 Trump Does It Again.    "The high-profile Vietnamese dissident and writer known as Mother Mushroom has arrived in the Us with her children and mother after being released from jail.   "Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh left Vietnam on Wednesday to fly to Houston, Texas, immediately after her early morning release.    "News that Ms Quynh had been released on Wednesday emerged soon after Us Defense Secretary Jim Mattis left Vietnam after a short visit. It is unclear if he pressed for her release and the Pentagon is yet to comment."         Trump tells countries, "You want to do business with us, you need to knock off this shit."    And That'S why I can promise you that the Saudis didn't murder Jamal Khashoggi. If he's dead, the Turks or Iranians are responsible. 
 	Did your golden retard deport an ancient 'nazi' to Germany though? 
 Rt :    Barack Obama’s former attorney general Eric Holder told a crowd over the weekend that Democrats should kick Republicans.    
 	Don't you just want to see that uppity nigger and his boyfriend dangling at the end of a rope? 
 NPCs get wrecked 
 	Nigger violence tactic,met with Christian mercy.May God reward him and his trusting friend. 
 The Retard in this one is incredible. It also illustrates that libtards are fat and nasty, conservatives are fit and healthy.or the dyke wouldn't be whining about it. 
 PinkAboutIt        More  Got my Dna results back. It turns out I'm a deplorable, hillbilly dreg of society 
 PinkAboutIt        More  Got my Dna results back. It turns out I'm a deplorable, hillbilly dreg of society 
 		>porn spamming     Oof. Talk about delusions. 
 								I've been back for almost two months you mong. lol 
 														  I think that in areas that are solid blue, infiltrating the Dsa could definitely have it's value if you know what you're doing. 
 but then a strange fear gripped me and I   just couldn't ask   The Smiths - There is a Light    
 	Johnny Marr + Eddie Vedder 2018 completely wrong  
 		faggot 
 Man's Love For His Children Put To The Ultimate Test After They Erase His Video Game Save File    
 	Sounds like dad is a faggot soy boy. 
 Does this include when a muzzie calls a woman who is not wearing a garbage bag on her head a whore? 
 Yes, that’s a threat. The Left is promising violence against anyone who dares stand against them.   They are not prepared for what they are about to start. 
 	No, .   It's "Fuck you",   Palmer Report. 
 		You're too stupid to realize she went by the constitution, innocent until Proven guilty. There was no guilt proven by that cunt Ford. 
 Good lord, before he would be considered a mentally retarded 
 	Templars done well with the money of bnai brith 
 	Templars done well with the money of bnai brith 
 Retarded 
 Okay, that is by far. The most retarded thing I have read today. (So far) 
 Turkey's President Erdogan said Khashoggi got off a plane from London and went straight to the Saudi Consulate    Why would he leave London to go to a Saudi Consulate in Turkey, when he could have gone to the Saudi Embassy in London ! 
 	Because he was married to a Turkish citizen? 
 		Ah right, that was a damned silly thing for him to do then, stupid Islamist twat 
 The biggest danger to people in Western nations is their apathy. If you check the turn out in elections you will find that it is usually very low. That allows opportunists and chancers to weasel into power and then cause mayhem.  A low turn out means the vote was basically illegal. You can't have parties that got 10% of the vote run nations. 
 	we are so lucky that we have the compulsory voting , but even so, we still elect garbage into parliament, so much for our intelligence isn't it? Just look at the collection of human criminals. Thurdbull, the Short arse, The most immoral parasite in the nation the Acvt's Chief minister the ugly sob. Qld, old hag the commie cunt, and Wa's worthless cunt 
 They work fine -- take the Communist Out, then it will work again. Simple really. But the fact is that Libertarians Realize that uneducated Proles are perfect Wage Slaves.  
 	Nope but thanks. Get this . I done being 'advised' by losers that Mlk Cock up the ass for fun. Basically if 'swearing' offends you . you are worthless. Personally You. Fighting folks swear. Working Folks Swear. Cunt Country  Club traitors . they use Posh English.  
  
 	Get the cunt and obama 
 I’m so tired of winning, make it stop!   
 	she will have to sell a lot of cunt pictures to pay this bill 
 	she will have to sell a lot of cunt pictures to pay this bill 
  
 	A nigger is still a nigger 
 Anon learns a lesson the hard way. 
 		Someone needs to revisit the definition of "retarded" 
 		For his birthday he asked for a car. His parents got him a computer. 
 		For his birthday he asked for a car. His parents got him a computer. 
 You know what to do.    
 	Nothing pisses me off more than selfish cunts who Murder babies because the cunt refused to take responsibility during sex. Every women who has had an abortion (not from rape, or illness) should have a bullet put in their head.  
  
 	Another manky faggot 
 	Do something about then you silly little faggot Pos Degenerate liberal. We're all waiting for your little bitch session. 
 	Wait, what? 
 	Wait, what? 
 Rap music made it big when groups like Nwa were what America feared, gangsters on drugs having promiscuous boatloads of sex and killing people.   Kanye West just trolled the media by becoming the new version of what they fear, restoring the authenticity to his work as it is perceived by the audience.   He's like a hip-hop political G.G. Allin now. 
 	He's like The Tremors. I mean, I know he's a retard but, he just keeps on doing smart things. Paris Hilton struck me the same way a little while ago when she was even in Altosphere articles. I don't know if it still applies.  
 There are No Jews Called Pharisees Today, you retarded fuck . lololol 
 Lol, elections have consequences. That retarded fuck up obama, turned everything he touched into shit. The Only good thing to come out of the black Marxists’ reign of incompetence and crime spree was that he brought Trump into politics, lol, now they’re really screwed. I’ve traced it back to 2011, so all the lefts angst and misery can be blamed on the Retaded Megalomaniac Marxist, watch:   
 Doxxing Arrest   Jackson Cosko is charged with:   making public restricted personal information     witness tampering    unauthorized access of a government computer    identity theft    second degree burglary     threats in interstate communications    unlawful entry    
 	Ho Ho. 
 		Smug twat waffle, I hope they put him in with the general population.  His politics won't save him. 
 A retarded faggot like you should just shut the fuck up and let people assume that you don’t know shit, instead of opening your mouth and removing all doubt. 
 	This is the ultimate communistic agenda: 
 	What the ____ ! 
 	What the ____ ! 
    Time for fun. :)   Rammstein - Du Hast    
 		fuck off kangaroo jew sucking faggot 
 Dem Doxxer Can be famous too, but as good  peeps, we wouldn't make it go viral.would we?     Is this is the Bitch who Doxxed  Senators the other day.   Works for Lovely Maxine Waters?   Bad anons.bad bad Anons.Lol                 ---------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 		I do not think she ever claimed she is A A.except niggers from Jamaica originally hailed from Africa.   She Black.but I wonder how based her indian origin momma has to be to bear a child with a nigger and not abort.   Sorry.was that rayyyycisss? 
 So, is  a thing yet? 
 	Cheers For Lots More Liberal Tears ! 
 		I've never seen such hysterical, retarded behaviour 
 Dave Hogue is a Design Lead at .    
 		A mentally ill person working at google and having access to its powerful tools, is far more dangerous than a paranoid schizo with an arsenal of guns and bombs. 
 Just had a 38 yr old trooper ,father of 2 killed by a frkn lowlife thug in a stolen car .   Remember who is out there everyday ,who you call .    Fuck you ,   If you don't back the blue ! 
 		Read this you stupid pos . Fuck you. Bitch and you're  muted .Dumb scum basement dweller . Punk cocksucking ass fucking  Little liberal shit . 
 I am a nuisance to Torba because I am pissing and shitting all over his right wing Bbq cookout. But it is ultimately his tweets that made this entire thing worse for him. I might use Twitter bots to tweet every person who mentions Gab on Twitter with evidence of censorship and hypocrisy. At least when he finally bans me(which will support my claims even more). 
 	Nobody knows who the fuck you are or what you think you did nigger 
  
 	Criminal Feinstein, If you didn't arrange and leak "Dr." Ford's letter,  why did you have her retain lawyers? When were you planning on releasing her letter? Never? After Kavanaugh was seated on the Sc? If Blase Ford wanted this to stay secret and was assured it would be, why would she need representation?   No! This was an insurance policy from the get go. This was fabricated from whole cloth. How convenient for you that Ms. Ford lives in a liberal state (your state) and in a liberal district. This is no coincidence. You wanted to be a hero to the warped liberals who support you.   You are dirty, Sin. Feinstein. Your plan backfired. Now look at you. I and many, many others have lost what little respect we had for you. I hope you like extremely hot eternity. I curse you for the damage you have done to Judge Kavanaugh, his family and the United States of America. I don't give a rip about Ms. Ford. She was in on this, Imo.   
 		I want as aggressive a probe on feinchinese and her sock-puppet, Ford. I want it to go back 40 years. I'd like to see her every yearbook, every calendar; old boyfriends; finances - especially Ford, where's the cool million going from her not less than five Go-Fund-Me money laundering accounts. I want them put under a microscope. If Feinchinese is licensed by the Bar, I want her disbarred. And I want Feinchinese in front of a military tribunal for crimes against humanity; cruel and unusual punishment; treason; espionage; attempting a coup against the President. And I want the Bitch Ford prevented from discussing anything having to do with this debacle; no speaking fees; no book deals. The Cunt should not be able to profit from ruining a man and his family's Lives. They will never recover completely. They will survive, but this will linger like a rank odor, a cloud over All of them. My heart goes out to his children. We All know how Cruel children can be to one another - not to mention rabid lieberal ones. 
 Everyone who is r*de is a nigger 
 Police union leader blasts Van Dyke verdict, says it resulted from 'sham trial'  
 Police union leader blasts Van Dyke verdict, says it resulted from 'sham trial'  
        
 	The only legacy he will ever find.  BathHouse Barry, The Muzzie Manchurian. 
 	The only legacy he will ever find.  BathHouse Barry, The Muzzie Manchurian. 
 I'll just leave this here. 
 	Insidious twat 
 Congratulations on being a faggot 
  Missing you on Twat and Threadreader, man, especially your insights on Jamal Khashoggi this week. Sure looks like a false flag to me. Cheers! Stay safe! 
 It's really unfortunate too.  I think if our court system wasn't so fuckin Poz'd more people would.  The commies know that nothing will happen to them- not legally so they're embolden with their bullshit.  That's why you have scrawny 110 pound faggots out there thinking they can take on some Chad.  It's not because they're stronger or tougher or better- it's because they know that Chad doesn't want to spend life in prison for breaking the faggot in half.  
 	I voted for Trump.  The only other option was a drunk who put our National Security at risk. Why "Retards" would nominate/run such a person as their Presidential candidate. President Donald J Trump.the wrecking ball of establishment politics.   
 		You’re the retard following trumpyou’re so stupid you make Down syndrome patients look smart 
  
 		Oh, And I said Nigger and you only said colored so who has the balls? 
 So far, we have claims that "explosives" have been sent to:  >Obama  >Soros  >Clinton  >Cnn  >various other Democrats  All right before the Midterm Election.    And we're supposed to believe this? 
 	act of retard more like it ,nothing exploded either they are fake or he was retarded as hell 
 'All of Honduras wants to come here'  Facing tightened security, waves of Hondurans continue to try to make it to the Us, saying they have no other choice.   This Dna is the worst Dna in the world.  Only the nigger is more inferior than these small short  brown stupid people    
 	Wow.now you are offering your services again! 
 		And if you're Any kind of gay at all, Lord dipshit is offering to toss your salad. 
 			Absolute classic! 
 		i luv how you is going after racist white devils on gab they is after my black ass 24 7 cause i speak truth 2 power on this mf  
 	He will nurse baby nigglets from his man boobs too.  
 Karma Hits Scumbag Who Told 9/11 Widow Her ‘Husband Should F***ing Rot In The Grave’       
 	Back to moms basement you go faggot 
 		I'd put  in the Steinlight camp. She thinks jews are moving too quickly, which is waking Whites to jewish loxism, and infinity nigger is making her living conditions less pleasant.  
  
 		i hate living in metro detroit. 
 		the black plague 
 		Then why does 70% white, Democrat-held Portland, Democrat-held Oregon not look like Detroit ? 
 		 Which is why Burlington, Vt is such a shithole, right? Dem dere libruls 'n all. 
 		 Which is why Burlington, Vt is such a shithole, right? Dem dere libruls 'n all. 
 I support removal of illegals, I support freedom of association.  I support segregation.  I support capital punishment. 
 	Do you support the removal of non-Whites from White lands? That was the question. 
 		If it could be achieved, also alternthen14th amendment, and let states choose to be ethno states or not.  It’s a slippery slope, but if they can make wakanda work, more power to them. 
 				There's already a country in Africa formed by ex-American slaves, Liberia. It did not work. 
 					Indeed. Interesting that the majority of Africans given the opportunity to be 'free' to return to Africa said 'thanks, but no thanks. We prefer to be around you obviously superior Whites.' 
 						 
 							No, no. According to the Jews and the Niggers, the images on the left are actually Nigger accomplishments. 
 Rt FoxNews    Swedish student who refused to sit down on flight in effort to stop man’s deportation to Afghanistan is indicted     
 	The stupid cunt needs to be done with obstruction of Justice. They're just doing her with violating the Swedish aviation act by remaining standing when the plane was set to take off". Swedish cucks and their stupid women. Worse than Canadians. 
  Congratulations   You've a Leader that  can only  of. Enjoy   &  Bless you richly! Justin Trudeau is a great man. I pray that all of the  knows just how it feels to be  like you.   
 	Let's not get carried away. Turdhole is a fucking retarded traitor! 
 Fuck the "driving while black" bull. Breathing while nigger within 1000 miles of humans should be a death penalty offense. 
 Pastor gave an unusual sermon this morning, heavy on brain science, explaining how intellect, emotion, & will can help or retard your faith.   hmm, didn't Dostoevsky illustrate the same points in The Brothers Karamazov:    Dmitri, the willIvan, intellect.Alyosha.emotion. Alyosha for the win; Dmitri got saved & got the girl; Ivan got dead. 
 	He reminds me of Obama. 
 	 
 	Fuck Robert, his name is Not Fucking Beto. He is a slimey fucking worm, with a big daddy judge to bail him out  
 	Fuck Robert, his name is Not Fucking Beto. He is a slimey fucking worm, with a big daddy judge to bail him out  
 Southpark was comedy central ackshuallly    Shows how clever you are nigger 
 Oooh . soo they were genuinely retarded then? This is what I am taking away form that! 
  
 	Well, I notice that the local talk-radio republicucks are yakking 'bout antifa now.   Wake-up time?   We'll see. 
 		The Gop is spinning up a narrative about "mob violence" to scare their voters into turning out for the midterms. They haven't done anything about the mob in two years except use it as fodder in their campaign ads 
 			When people were getting attacked by the mob, the Gop was out there praising Antifa as the good guys. They were focused on tax cuts and couldn't have cared less about mob violence 
 				I agree that at times the Gop was not focused on the Mob and focused on other things but I don't think that they were ever "praising" them.  
 					Mitt Romney and Marco Rubio praised Antifa as heroes after Charlottesville 
 						Marco Rubio is a faggot and mitt Romney is a fake Christian. 
 This, is A Real Man !   He, doesn't Care what Race you are.   All He CareS About Is Right From Wrong   Can You say the same !   
 	I'll have a go.his name is nigger lover. 
 Trump: I am a nationalist and proud of it   
 	No he really isn't one. 
 			You brought them up not me. Lol 
 			You brought them up not me. Lol 
 	Sorry, you're only allowed to have a vagina if you hate men or you're a faggot who pretends he's a woman. 
 So fascistic economics can't be used on a global scale? Really? Are you retarded ? 
 Morning all  
 	It's Ok for that immigrant to take your job Fake Females should never have been allowed to apply, that was almost as bad as the Moslem Kenyan Cunt you were with! 
 Why is anyone acting like anything's up for debate?   It has never been Ok to invade countries.   It has never been Ok to try overthrow a government.   It has never been Ok to insist society change its view of reality.   Stop acting like any Leftist Bs is up for discussion or possibly valid. It's not. We all know it's crazy. "You're fkg crazy!" is all we should have to say. 
 	"Leftist Bs"? Muslims were invading countries, overthrowing governments and insisting societies change their view of reality for centuries before there were "Leftists". 
 			I'm a rabid anti-semite just for saying Moslems and communist Jews have acted as peas in a pod through history and aren't really enemies. That is, I'm anti-semitic just for knowing the truth and speaking it. We must not let the communist Jews win. They would try us for "anti-semetism" and do sick things to us like they did in Germany acting as "Nazis". 
 				Anyone who compares Jews to Muslims is either a rabid antisemite or an ignorant asshole. I apologize, if I misjudged you. 
 					Oh, I'm so upset a filthy, dirty commie Jew posted a retarded meme at me. You are a disgusting piece of filth, and a child of satan. 
  
 	Cunt must think she's in Africa! 
  
 		 
 		 
 		Just Mo:  when you use that hellacious word, you lower yourself to the level of demon-crats.   Surely, there are other words one can use to express their opinions rather than the one word that's most offensive to just about everyone. 
 		Just Mo:  when you use that hellacious word, you lower yourself to the level of demon-crats.   Surely, there are other words one can use to express their opinions rather than the one word that's most offensive to just about everyone. 
   You're mom still sold her ass to niggers. That's why you're angry. Make up all the gay nigger fantasies you want, but that fact will never change. Sorry. 
 Glad you liked it !   Her retarded facial expressions are really something else.  Lol 
  
 		Bolsonaro himself personally called Glenn Greenwald a faggot on Twitter Lol 
 			You serious? When was this? Give me a link.  
 				I'm not sure. Greenwald was whining about it though on his page 
 				Today? 
 				I think it was around the time of the election. Greenwald mentioned it on his timeline 
 				For the past month Greenwald has been on a crusade against him. I don't get why. Bolsenaro is a zionist jew puppet like the rest of them.  
 				For the past month Greenwald has been on a crusade against him. I don't get why. Bolsenaro is a zionist jew puppet like the rest of them.  
 Really? You included Andrew in this.  You got your ass handed to you, so you tattled.  Past tense.  For nothing actionable.  What a retarded pussy. 
 Peaceful demonstrations in Chicago regarding van dyke case, yes guilty for shooting the person 16 times -   a very involved black reverend spoke live and said  Let’s drain the swamp in Chicago and not all cops are bad   i feel the tides changing 
 Peaceful demonstrations in Chicago regarding van dyke case, yes guilty for shooting the person 16 times -   a very involved black reverend spoke live and said  Let’s drain the swamp in Chicago and not all cops are bad   i feel the tides changing 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	"Disassociation" = block button  The majority of Gabbers have already made it clear we don't want a block/censorship button. Every time Andrew has posed that option he got a widely negative reaction from people. Gab is going to start sucking and get super boring once everyone starts blocking each other, limiting interaction and debate. 
 		This take is nonsense. Social media is the new public square. If you come into the public square, start screaming about some dumb bullshit, like block buttons being good, and I want to reply and say that what you just said is dumb, stupid, retarded bullshit (like your take here is) -- you should not be able to have me dragged out of the public square.  You don't have to listen to me -- of course you would be stupid not to listen to me, but it's your right.  What you shouldn't be able to do is prevent Other people from listening to me, because then all they hear is your nonsense take and they can't hear how dumb, stupid, moronic, idiotic, and retarded block buttons are. And that denies them the choice of hearing both sides.  The mute button provides each individual person the decision of who they listen to. The block button lets people decide what Other people can hear, and that's just not acceptable in the new digital public square.  Block buttons are commie. @a knows this. Bad decision, bad takes all around from those who support it, not a good move. Will cancel Pro support if this goes live. 
 There's just too many funny and/or cool ppl on Gab. Welcome to the club, you glorious cunt :P It's all fun and games here. The party never st0ps. 
 Pelosi Declares: I'll be Speaker again!  
 	Everyone get out and vote and stop this cunt from getting the chair.  
 Sen. Cory Booker Admits Democrats Don't Care If Kavanaugh is Innocent     
 	Turdicus Nigger ! Turds In The Bottom Of Your Septic Tank STInK Like Hell ! 
 So the Dems and their supporters (Soros) is doubling down again.  They know they are loosing.  Desperately trying anything they can.  I really hate how they Use people as pawns.  The most desperate and down trodden.         
 		Might not be.  Their Luxury SUVs parked right around the corner. 
 		Right next to Crooked Hillary's vanbulance.  
 		Right next to Crooked Hillary's vanbulance.  
 if you're not for giving pedophiles a fictional outlet for their sexual tendencies .then in my opinion you support child rape . hear me out . over the decades violence and sexual violence has been falling with the rise of violent video games and internet (having an unlimited amount of free downloadable porn). then if that trend continues to other sexualities (which pedophilia is) then the fiction in question (lolicon) , is very beneficial to society .   :In Conclusion: Aka Tl:Dr  if you support censorship, you are actually for children being harmed, and that is just awful   -nekomata 
 	Cartoon Child Porn is still Child Porn legally.   A female school teacher had a husband who took normal photos of her students but then did pencil drawings of them nude.   He went to prison for pencil drawings!   Leo's don't arrest Child Porn freaks right away.  Leo's track em to get the other kid porn sickos they trade photos with. 
 		There are some countries where lolicon is definitely illegal. I think it is in Australia.  
 			That article has a pretty reasoned take and some referenced case law but if you want to be a cunt and argue against free speech then go ahead and try to prove that a loli is underage Pro tip: you can't. That's why sites like 4chan have entire boards of it. Dumbass 
 Infowars reporter Millie Weaver covers the  protests at Capitol Hill in Washington, Dc to gauge how the left will handle his confirmation set for later today. Watch:   
 	its a retard party  
 The good news: Merkel might be stepping down.    The bad news: she might be stepping down so she can run for head of the European Commission, where she can do even more damage.    
 	That Stupid Muslim Loving Cunt Needs Hung Like That Other Cunt May In The Uk. 
 The current political climate is a direct result of Barack Obama and his attempt to weaken America. The worst president ever. 
 	Pos scum bag Muzzie asshole!   
  
 	We've got hillbilly gals like that in my area that dress just like that at the gun ranges it's kind of hard to concentrate on the target when they're around 
 Why are trump supporters so utterly and profoundly stupid? 
 		oh wait. but that's censorship Grandma Snowflake   
 		No dummy, Gab will be down for everyone possibly on Monday. Joyent is the censor, not Gab. 
 		No dummy, Gab will be down for everyone possibly on Monday. Joyent is the censor, not Gab. 
  
 	Lol dumb nigger bitch 
 but then a strange fear gripped me and I   just couldn't ask   The Smiths - There is a Light    
 	Morrissey - Jools Holland  
 		faggot 
   @223sheila    I'm nearly there, see you all then, I'm only five minutes away.  
 	Is it all fish & chips again at Sheils? Come Braithwaite.be my pudding.let me lick you. 
 		Says the bint who invited herself into 'Dave's' Dm.Dave doesn't carry that much protection around.a triple bagger top & tail.brrr. 
 		Says the bint who invited herself into 'Dave's' Dm.Dave doesn't carry that much protection around.a triple bagger top & tail.brrr. 
 South Africa City To Begin Confiscating Land From Whites                        News -    - 
 	see how fat that nigger is.  In 5 years when there's no food it will starve to death. 
 This is how it's going to go, you make a statement and somebody disagrees with it and you have a conversation with them, if they attack America they have to deal with me, you send them on to me because I will destroy them just on philosophical basis, if somebody scares you you let me know 
 		Whats he gonna do hit us with his purse? Get his bf after us? Or is he just another lame boring cuck who lives to jerk off when his favorite sportsball nigger scores a touchgoal or a pointdown or whatevr 
 			Hes just a -192 score trying to sound tough. Bawhahaha 
 			Hes just a -192 score trying to sound tough. Bawhahaha 
 Holy shit: 
 	Ummm your bishop-ness. 
 		And this dumb nigger should be taking a knee somewhere on the south or west side of Shitcago where all his fellow pavement apes are killing each other.but But he is No Where to be found 
  
 	Pres Trump Deserves One With His Hard Work. Asshole Nigger Obama Got One For Doing Nothing. 
 That'll teach us to respect diversity. 
 	Rofl! Wow, we're all shaking in our boots now! We're more worried about when you all go full retard and start suicide bombing. Felafel is the least of our worries. Besides, I've always been a grilled steak and potatoes guy anyway, you can have your fancy fried dog food.  
 Find the smiling scumbags who brutally beat this vulnerable old man  
 	What's all the fuss about. They are quite obviously just 3 high spirited young Muslim children who we let in to save them from the brutality of their war torn home. They are probably only 12 or 13 if you look at them through the eyes of a retarded liberal leftist. 
  
 		Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
 Here’s the stuff I’m heading out to work with. Gym bag, hillbilly slippers, a Tac 14, and an Soe shotgun rig.      Ya, I’m not your average lawyer. 
 Here’s the stuff I’m heading out to work with. Gym bag, hillbilly slippers, a Tac 14, and an Soe shotgun rig.      Ya, I’m not your average lawyer. 
 Rt ali    Wow. Cbs didn't even bring up her quotes attacking the women or the war room that was used to tear these women apart. Our Media hates Real Women.       
 	Hillary Is Nothing Other Than A Vile Cunt ! 
 A grotesque snapshot of a lying cunt intent on ruining a man and his family. How, in God's name, could she even let a smile come upon her ugly face during an act of such immense evil. Burn in hell bitch! 
 		They are very easily programmable and Factually retarded! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.  Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.   Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are.  
  
 	I don't support calling them that. I think they will like it, thinking it's edgy or something. The name needs to reflect their retarded mentality and authoritarian nature. 
 When a viable social media platform with a block feature emerges, I will use that more than Gab. I am sick and tired of providing a platform to subversives and spammers. 
 		That's not what he's saying, nigger lover.  
 but but but she is a fucking Nigger 
 When you’re an engineer in California, you get work emails informing you that your company is screening homosexual pedophile movies that you are invited to attend. Romantic movie about a cop and twelve year old falling in love. Email says boy is a teen, Wikipedia says boy is twelve    
 		Its a not so subtle blueprint for every pedo faggot to watch. 
 How dare someone not like Trump!11 
 	Anyone who dislikes Trump is a low Iq child and totally aligned with the left. Facts. 
 		You're retarded 
 Better a White Nationalist than a retarded shitskin monkey! 
 Damn right, Fear me or i'll be your downfall, you little Mickey Mouse Cunt ! 
 		Said the mental patient. Lol 
 		You cry like a bitch - just like pussy boy trump 
 		No that would be the democrat donkeys, you know, the Asses! Lol!  Why are you libby boys always obsessed by the male genitalia?  And as far as brainless, you nanobes wrote tbe book on that and live by its rules. Lmaoooooo! 
 		Don't likey? Go back to Gestapo twitter and save yourself the trouble of your veins popping! Patriots don't care what you like so just go join your degenerate friends 
 		Obama Treason-Usa Move To Nwo\Un ! Un  Speech Obama says Usa Freedom needs constraints -Nwo  Taking Over!   2009 to 2017 Senior Usa\Global Depopulation Advisor Dr. John HALDrEN -2008-100% senate approve -Nwo decides  life & death -forced abortions\mass sterilization \drugs   
 		Patriots Proudly Stand Against The Fascist Pig Trump And All The Retards Who Supprt Him. how do you Maga? Purge right wing filth from American soil.  
 		what a fag you are. Maga: eat shit and choke on it pig. 
 Love and support your race, my white brothers and sisters.   Whites (European-descended peoples) are only 7% of the world's population. We have the right to exist and the right to our own ethno-states.              #Q    
 	Do Not Be Deceived. End Cultural Marxism  is a nazi propagandist who sometimes uses a truth to Race Bait and Lure then 'pivot' into Jew Hating, Race Baiting fascism and nazism. Highly skilled and Evil Nazi Propagandist. deal with him and his nazi minions accordingly  
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 You’re a nigger kike 
 Nigger assaults white teacher on video. White teacher gets suspended without pay.  
 A new study from the University of North Carolina details the stark decline of newspapers in the U.S., particularly in rural areas, where citizens are less educated, poorer and older.  
 	With the advent of Citizen Journalists the News Papers have become obsolete and corrupt.  Virtually all News Papers are outlets for the Nigger loving left wing retards who twist and warp every paragraph they print to support the Faggot loving liberal view.  America is turning away from the freaks of the Demonrat/Fascist party in droves. 
 my god really.really?  
 	O'brien's a twat 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Hah. One of the judges is you American's hero, the faggot Jew skater Adam Rippon. 
 	Replacing a Paki with a Nigger? 
  is going the same way as the unelected communist        
 		In Wentworth you elect that vile piss flaps, and you have just committed High treason. When  Thurdbul comes back Let us all welcome the cunt with Baseball bats 
 	B-but he's just like Trump! Professionalism is for fags. 
 If that hurricane does affect Tallahassee, I really hope it reveals this man's poor leadership (Again). I'm sorry people of Tally, but the whole state needs to be reminded (apparently) that he doesn't have what it takes. He just can't be governor. 
 	Stupid Fuck Nigger ! 
 They Are All Muslims 
 	Sinking the Ss Muzzie would ensure it's only used once.  If you traffic invaders, you should have to go down with the ship.  
 Lying cunt 
 This is what happens when you overpay a American hating racist antiwhite anti-American kneeling nigger too much money, as a  uneducated Ape he  should’ve stayed in school & used his talent to pursue his ignorance in life, send these Planet of the apes anti-Americans to the military to serve & earn their right to be in America 
 I've got two moods 
 	Why do people use Mspaint to make political commentary? 
 		Retarded or a Boomer? Or both? 
 Oh Ffs's.Al Al Al.Everyone knows you go to Church After a Lynching.Not before.you Silly Billy.       Pffft.these  can't get nothing right.                  --------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 	Who could give a fuck what this exceptionally stupid nigger says, stop giving shit like this free ink.  
 You dumb faggot  
 God your ppl remain so retarded by not accepting Islam is greater threat ! 
  
 	   Only     
 		slutty cunt 
 Robert De Niro wants to punch our President In The Face & issues warning to Donald Trump supporters.   This Anti-American Supported The Robbery Of National Secrets From America! 
 	Fat cunt de nitro trump has punch you fat cunt guts in you sick weak cunt one you us to like trump just like all you two face pedo supports get what coming to them  
 DemRat, organizer, socialist, nazi, kkk, liberal, kommie, centrist, middle of the roader, dogooder, right\left wing/extremist, progressive, green, race peddlers, globalist, alt-something  All describe the same entity: criminal communist  Invented flavors to hide who they are  Patriots are usually called conservatives: they oppose all of the above 
 	List 20 things Conservatives have accomplished since 1948. I’ll wait.  
 		"A conservative wouldn't have a nigger fucking their wife." You're right, they'd rather let a Kike do it.  
 Dindus from the  are looting another Family Dollar store in Florida behind the path of Hurricane Michael.  "It be Christmas in da hood."     
 	They live for natural or contrived disasters so they can do this filthy nigger shit 
 	Lol! This pot head nigger bitch is the one equating herself to a monkey! Dumb nigger! 
 Fuck off with that retarded  mentality Bs! 
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	By what genetic metric are you not white? 
 		Screenshoot this threat, you're a child I'm an adult, keep calling me a faggot and see how I react 
 	I like hockey but even that is becoming bogged down with high yellas, mystery meat and the occasional bang-ganging nigger that has a posse of mudsharks  
 You ghermericans cunts cunt hide from count pigulon sanz  
 You ghermericans cunts cunt hide from count pigulon sanz  
  
 		 
 		Very cute black puppy. One of the few black animals that are cute. And that's the only way you'll get this   guy to approve of anything you post. Maybe you have a heart, even. But your mind is totally fucked. Miscegenationists deserve death, too- 
 lol 
 	she's a fucking nut job, probably sucks sand nigger cock  
 Exactly. In fact it's just more internationalism.   "Give your job to a $1 an hour Chinaman who will jump off the building because conditions are so shit, or compete with him."   It brings the quality of life down so low - western culture is impossible. 
 Exactly. In fact it's just more internationalism.   "Give your job to a $1 an hour Chinaman who will jump off the building because conditions are so shit, or compete with him."   It brings the quality of life down so low - western culture is impossible. 
  
 	No one in their right mind doubts that Obama & his Admin put  the full force of the American gov't + the white homo cunt countries (Aus-Nz-England) ,,,and,, committed Treason during the 2016 .   Treason punishment under common law generally included drawing, hanging, beheading, and quartering. That's how Serious Betraying your Tribe was.   But now we're bad if we say it? Pfftt. Fu. 
  
 	Wenn die ihr Land zurückbekommen dann wird es zum selben Shithole wie der Rest Afrikas. Diese Nigger sind nicht fähig Dinge aufzubauen oder zu erhalten. Die können nur ficken und zerstören. Sorry, aber seht euch mal die Geschichte Afrikas an. Sobald einer Macht erlangt raubt er was er kann.  
 Nigger Go Home!  Saints Rb Alvin Kamara Wears 'Make Africa Home Again' Hat and Kaepernick Jersey to Stadium   
 These people are so damn transparent, only a mindless lemming would listen to anything emanating from their vacuous pieholes.   Does prove a point though, they'll say and do anything to gain control of our great Republic again.   
 	I hate that this cunt brings this out the hate in me. Praying for the day justice will prevail and she will hang until dead for crimes against humanity. Anyone voting democrat I consider a traitor. After this appalling coup, attempts at stripping our civil rights; shutting down 1A, taking away 2A, 4A +++, they need to be Jailed and dispatched by military tribunal, not rewarded with even more power. 
 	Talmud is not Torah,  Yiddish is not Hebrew and Khazars are not the Hebrew people of the old testament bible.     
 		Yiddish is a mix of germanic and semitic languages. The khazar theory is silly. Jews are still genetic cousins of arabs.  
 			The rhineland theory isnt against history. The records we have of their Dna is of them being semitic. They are very much semitic. They are not hebrews because they arent part of the 12 tribes. It is recorded that they are cousins to arabs who are semitic and Yiddish is a mix of semitic and Germanic languages.  
 				It is against history. I just posted the Dna study! I've quoted Jewish encyclopedias where they admit they aren't Hebrew and if you believe the bible then you have to admit they don't fit any prophecies of Abraham's descendants! Yiddish is not Hebrew and neither are Jews. 
 					No They Arent Hebrew But That Doesnt Mean They Arent Semites. North Africa is semitic but they arent fuckikg hebrews. Jesus. 
 						They are not semite.  I've posted history, you refuse to admit it. Dna , you refuse to admit it. Quotes from Jewish encyclopedias admitting they're not Hebrew,  you refuse to admit it and Bible.  
 							So are Ethiopians hebrews now? What about Eritreans? They are part of the semitic tribe. You cant be semitic without being Hebrew. Right? 
 									No retard northern Africa is semitic because of its relation the arabs. Again sub saharan Africans arent the same as northern Africans. You Can Look This Up YouRSELF. Lmfao 
  
 		 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 		 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 		Yes, in this day and age don't make it easy for them. You must use your noggin. 
 		Yes, in this day and age don't make it easy for them. You must use your noggin. 
 YouTube is dead post your reaction. 
 	bloody muzzie Paki scum! 
 There's nothing like ripping off anime images from some anti-Gab retard on Twitter and repurposing them as a suggestion on how to deal with anti-Gab retards on Twitter. 
 American flag torched.  
 	Mitt Romney and Marco Rubio called them heroes. The Gop sided with them over our guys in Cville. Never forget. 
 		Romney is running for Senator, right? Is it for the midterms? If so Christopher Cantwell's audience have the opportunity to vote for this great Republican - so great in fact that Trump seriously considered appointing him Secretary of State!    If you want to defeat the Democrats and the antifa, vote Romney. Ignore the dissonance. If you don't vote Gop then supporters of antifa will be in power! 
 			Considered him for Sos yea, that's what that dinner meme looked like.  Romney wins because mormon, not because of   ''s massive mormon audience 
 				Cantwell is still saying vote for any Republican, including Romney. It's foolish.  
 						Nope. That's not how it works and it isn't how the Gop establishment plays the game either. Look at how they destroyed Roy Moore. The general election is always in play, and saying it isn't is the essence of low agency.   Destroying the electability of cucks and neocons in the general election means that they won't win primaries in the first place. 
 							The media went for Roy moore with the Kavanaugh playbook, the correct primary candidate was Mo Brooks , though I wouldn't have been surprised if they went for him the same way.   Did the media promote Roy moore against brooks? Or did low agency fuck up a primary? 
 								Mitch McConnell and the Gop filth, and Trump (on the advice of his kike son in law), targeted Mo Brooks in favour of that worthless faggot Luther Strange.   The correct primary candidate was anyone but Luther Strange. 
 The Retards always use a foul mouth and perverse sexual innuendo.  It is called projection and it illustrates who they really are! A Retard who likes it up the Ass! 
 Fool  Idiot  Cunt   This is how Canadian Pm Justin Trudeau thinks he is sticking it to Donald Trump  vía  
 If I sat at dinner with Anderson Cooper I would just bring up ass smell and buttfucking and cum eating because he's a faggot . 
  
 		  
 		  
 Lying cunt 
 	Wtf it’s okay for you to hate the Jew but not the other guy huh? Don’t you want to beat a Jew? Does it matter how old the Jew is? Does it matter what gender? Naw naw that’s good to you but these people are out of line. Hypocrite! 
 		Stfu! No one asked for your faggot opinions. I told you before projection doesn't work on me. Go fuck your own face!  
 Twitter keeps suspending and shadow banning me so here I am. 
 	Apparently the word retarded is offensive  
 		Retarded is one of my favorite words. 
 	More to come,  niggers in all movies, Tv series , all sports , nigger here ,nigger there, nigger nigger every fucking where 
 Things that scare liberals:   1. Black people who aren’t democrats   2. Women who support Kavanaugh    3. Facts    4. Due process    5. The constitution    6. Christianity 
 		What about "alternative facts"?  
 		Facts processed thru proper Socratic Method logic do not lie.  If the alternative Fact which I would classify as a lie always leaves clues to its imprudence.  The Truth fears no investigation.  A lie always runs and creates laws so it is not investigated!  Lies never stand up to scrutiny! 
 		Facts processed thru proper Socratic Method logic do not lie.  If the alternative Fact which I would classify as a lie always leaves clues to its imprudence.  The Truth fears no investigation.  A lie always runs and creates laws so it is not investigated!  Lies never stand up to scrutiny! 
 	If any of you have Twitter, go report Elle magazine. 
 		 Good news is it is happening already. These celebrities tried to lecture the masses in 2016. The response said celebrities got was Fuck You! And Donald Trump is President. I view celebrities today as an echo in pop culture at least as we’ve known them. More and more Americans are turning on Hollywood and the broader entertainment industry! 
 	kim & ye r goals 
 	kim & ye r goals 
 Wait, what?   God helped you to decide to murder your baby?   I don't think that was God you were talking to. 
 	the photograph depicts everything that is wrong with the world.  a twat shouldn't be in that position in the first place. 
 		Why are nazis allowed on gab? 
 			why are jew haters on Gab. Andrew Torba is a slavic jew.worst of the worst according to that faggot hitler  
 Liberals are lunatics. ----Anti-Trump liberals are retarded mental case lunatics.  These are dangerous, violent, sub-humans.   Jennings death comes just months after House Majority Whip, Steve Scalise, and four other Republicans we shot by another anti-Trump lunatic during baseball practice in Virginia. 
 Has any twat in power got the fucking message yet?  Islam Is The Problem - remove it from the western hemisphere, not just Britain 
  
 	What the hell? This guy is a lawyer and wants to be President? 
 		corney booger is a nigger's nigger 
 God please send the  to hell now.    Pope Francis Calls Catholics to ‘Global Solidarity Walk’ for Migrants  Pope Francis plugged the one-million-kilometer Global Solidarity Walk for migrants and refugees Sunday, urging all Catholics to participate in the pro-immigration event.  The walk, organized by international Catholic relief service Caritas Internationalis, involves walking side by side with migrants and refugees but also has an explicitly political purpose. By walking together, we send a strong message of unity to political leaders, organizers declare.  The pope tweeted Sunday that the pro-immigration walk was like the journey of two disciples on the road to Emmaus after Christ’s resurrection, where they were joined by Jesus as they traveled.  In September 2017, the pope said that it is Jesus Christ himself who asks us to welcome migrants with arms wide open, whereas a failure to do so stems from xenophobia.  Opposition to immigration finds its explanation in an innate fear of the ‘foreigner,’ a fear exacerbated by the wounds caused by the economic crisis, the unpreparedness of the local communities, and the inadequacy of many measures taken in an emergency atmosphere, Francis said.  That same month, Francis launched a two-year pro-immigration campaign to encourage a more welcoming attitude toward migrants around the world.  The campaign is run by Caritas Internationalis and was launched as a response to Pope Francis’ frequent summons for a culture of encounter with immigrants.  Our world faces not a migration crisis, but a crisis of global solidarity, Caritas says on its website. Be part of a worldwide campaign to reach out to migrants, change perceptions, open hearts and minds, and strengthen the bonds that unite us all.  The project hopes to provoke a shift in thinking on the issue of immigration by dispelling common myths about migration, the organization states.  On their website, the organization said that popular myths about migration include the idea that there are more migrants than ever before, that migrants live off welfare benefits and steal jobs from citizens, that closing borders will curb migrant flows, and that people from poor countries migrate to rich ones.  At a Vatican press conference, Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle of Manila, president of Caritas Internationalis, said that world leaders should remember that we are all migrants. Nobody can claim to be a non-migrant, we are all passing in this world.  Nobody is a permanent resident, and no one can claim to own the space they occupy, he said, voicing his hope that there would be a universal conversion of mind on the issue.   
 		He will soon enough.  If they don't torture him satan will. 
 		He will soon enough.  If they don't torture him satan will. 
 Disgusting women are always left tarded. And western society treats women like small retarded children. Anyone letting women off the hook deserves the same punishment.  
 Fall 
 	I always did love raw turnip . damn hillbilly 
 		Straight from the garden, salted. 
 		sliced thin 
 		Yup. 
 		Yup. 
 Since 1973 15,000,000 black babies have been aborted, it was intentional by Democrats.  
 		Get the hell off my timeline Nazi, you are shit.  
 			This nigger loving turd that wants 15 million more nogs to feed muted me like I'm the bad guy. Fucking based 
     Twat 
 	Hypocrite and con artist 
 		Always the way it seems  
 		The Jokecentre told me my state pension age was 66, still a long way off. 
 	Just typical  
 	While he goes off to his second home in France and holiday's all over the world. Mugs like you and me will still be working into our 70s to pay for this crook. 
 		Sounds about right. A bunch of crooked cunts who need to go. 
 		the way of the world since forever. what's good for the politicians is good for the taxpayer funding them.throw the bums to the sharks. 
 	When's the Citizen's revolt?  How 'bout a nice  march on Parliment with flaming-torches, wearing rugged-jeans,  work-boots, hoodies & masks/goggles/leather-gloves (+protective-cup for males)?   (Standard attire for peaceful-protesters in a police-state)   :-/ 
 		We are not antifa.  
 		Yes; but passiveness or appeasment in the face of increasing tyranny, feeds increasing tyranny.  Fight fire with fire.  Counter-attack (many strategies,  modes & methods).  Britain is fallen, under foreign occupation, rulled by foreign proxies.   Britain needs WW2 wartime mindset - a change of paradigm, for survival & nat'l restoration. God bless. 
 			The whole world is at war;  a holy war to the death.  Your nation needs each of you to enter this fight for survival.   Your enemies occupy high positions of power & influence over you.    Education systems & mass media are enemy's standard tools of ungodly-indoctrination, radicalizing against faimly, faith, traditional-culture, civic-duty & nationalism. 
 		This was a prod to inactive citizens;  using satire.  :) 
 	Just another high ranking Freemason,,  
 	What a bloody liberty. Bastard 
 	well fancy that.shithouse  
 		Ginger twat. 
 	I don't have a font big enough to shout  C U N T ! 
 		 
 	Totally bad, gov immigration costa packet,  cant afford   pensions, put start dste back. vote Fbp.  I'm alright gov, you're not. 
 	Totally bad, gov immigration costa packet,  cant afford   pensions, put start dste back. vote Fbp.  I'm alright gov, you're not. 
 	No, America does Not deserve better.  50% of America are blithering, overweight fucksticks on government or grant incomes who couldn't decipher a Sudoku puzzle if their life depending on it. 
 		Look at the projection how the fuck am I a Soros sucker If I'm pro American you retarded Leprechaun your the Soros sucker go watch your women get raped by sandniggers and sit back and do nothing with your dick in your hand like a coward you leftist eurocuck 
 Evidently they can get away with it without facing the wrath of the Doj.   
 	I guarantee you it's because Gavin Mckennis stuck a dildo up his ass on live Tv and faggot tongue kissed Milo on video.  .guaranteed  
 You’re just a raving faggot that comes out of the woodwork, aren’t you? 
 i say it. white men pay for everyone else. period. brown people and women have a net negative when it comes to taxation and a net positive when it comes to hand outs.   ^^ all of them are niggers living a nigger life of nigger theft of another man's wages. 
 This explains her supporting democrats. Next, she'll get a couple of cats.    
 	The first picture doesnt even look real, it's like something from one of those nigger spoof movies, holy shit 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	I See The Ernie Sweater,But The MotherFucker Looks Like Zippy  
 		Lol .  the wonder Monkey. !  
 		 
 		Is That You Driving Into The Bud Bullikan Parade On The Southside? 
 		Lol !    I would drive the death mobile like in animal house and plowed them fuckers back-and-forth and re-blacktop The street with Tar monkeys 
 		See That's The Difference,Leftists Would Cry Racism,We See You Fighting Crime And Helping Streets & San Patch Potholes 
 		See That's The Difference,Leftists Would Cry Racism,We See You Fighting Crime And Helping Streets & San Patch Potholes 
 Hey Nazi’s, you know hitler didn’t believe in the second amendment, right ? So, have you given up your arms yet, and are you ready to be under state owned enslavement ? Both of these guys were selling an absolute lie, from which they, their friends, and comrades benefited greatly ! 
 		Dude?  This only proves you are a retard because they are the only ones using this term.  Exactly what don't you get? We know the askeNAZI Jews did 911, they also did slavery in America, and of course the holocaust of the 17 million good German people in WW2 and the 66 mil white Christian in Russia and Ukraine plus all the other genocides obviously.  All wars are askeNAZI Jew Banker wars, and they are not semitic nor are they really Jewish as they are barbarians from Khazar Russia, descendents of Attilla the Hun.  IsraHELL is the synagogue of Satan  and that is a Fact.  It appears you didn't work out shit!  You are a brainwashed monkey brain!  askeNAZI Jews are human sewage and the cause of all the worlds problems! 
 Fucking retarded    
 	Problem is the dindu really dindu nuffin. This is just an entitled, self important cunt being just that. 
    Mueller is going after asset.  When will his show trial start so we can get the money he was paid by Clinton and other to push through Uranium One deal to Russia for Clinton.     Yes, Uranium One and all it players need to be  throughly investigated and jailed if found guilty of racketeering and treasonous behavior for self-profiting. 
 		You called it correctly.  My intuition, tells me it is only a matter of time before he will have his asset taken, as well!  Justice must prevail against this self-righteous moron.  
 		Hands on. 
 Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.  9:26 am - 27 Oct 2018 
 	Gab is Fucked. 
 		I've am a Us Marine. Redneck out of Sc live in Nc . I seen 2/3 of the UsA and been to Okinawa.  Nice to meet you. 
 		I've am a Us Marine. Redneck out of Sc live in Nc . I seen 2/3 of the UsA and been to Okinawa.  Nice to meet you. 
 Tx schools required 2 waste money giving all H.S. students lesson on how not 2b a dumb nigger during traffic stop. Things like, cop is allowed 2 ask u 2 get out of ur car, u stupid nigger. &, no u can't just drive away cuz u think u dindu nuffin, u stupid nigger. Yet another cost 2 our society of having 40 million dangerous borderline retards    
 "Hur dur dur you are a communist"    said the communist nigger 
 A member of the caravan said "there might be some criminals here, but most of us are not." All of you are criminals the moment you step foot on our land. Take your flag and march on back to your shithole. 
 	How retarded is it to proudly wave the flag of the country you are supposedly fleeing  
 The Daily Stormer's new "joke" is to push for legalization of rape in America, just like Roosh V, the Arab rapist. If I ever get my hands of Anglin or Weev, I will pound their fucking faces into a pulp. 
 	Careful, beating up a nigger and a kike might get you popped for a hate crime. 
  rants in disgust at how the soldiers he met are being treated; and both he and  urge the public to sign the petition which they will deliver to Gen. Sir Nick Carter, Chief of the Defence Staff.  
 		We know what our traitorous mainstream politicians are like better than anyone. As for pointing guns: you seem to forget you can't pop down the shop and buy one here. Ironically only criminals have them. But if you can provide them, there'll be many here willing to go to war. 
 		I was referring to your military with the guns. You guys gave up your gun rights a long time ago and maybe if the military would actually turn or the islam apologist in power you might get your right to own a gun back.  
 		I was referring to your military with the guns. You guys gave up your gun rights a long time ago and maybe if the military would actually turn or the islam apologist in power you might get your right to own a gun back.  
 		 
 		You need to grow your balls back and stand up for your race, white man. You sound like a faggot.  
  
 	Tell that twat Rbg that this is what fakers look like. 
 Turkey’s president accuses American pastor of having terror ties -   
 	This is plain hostage taking by a twat of a leader 
 	This is plain hostage taking by a twat of a leader 
  Ingraham: Hillary and the Democratic haters 
 	If that nigger gets any fatter he won't fit in any chair. 
 Cum Pocket Nigger 
 Fox News:    EricTrump: "You know why Donald Trump] got jobs back and Obama couldn't? Because he's a businessman." WattersWorld    
 	Eric, it's because Obama is a Marxist.  They build nothing, because they are in business of taking. Redistribution of wealth. High taxes. Zero growth. Regulations.  
 		Obaama Is A GLOBALIsT Deep State Half Nigger Piece Of Shit ! 
 When Any of the Jew Haters start spewing their hatred I just mute them. But we have to admit that when they are allowed to spread their hatred shooting occur. 
 	free speech is free speech. 
 		Wrong free speech or even  Freedom  doesn’t give you the right to harm others. 
 			shooting people is not speech 
 				Terrorism is not free speech. Nazi's are terrorists & should be banned just like any muslim terrorist. Pedophilia is not free speech. Pedophiles terrorize children, thus also being terrorists. If Andrew does not address All of the terrorists that are trying to bring Gab down, we will not survive. 
 					Imagine being this retarded that you seriously equate anti-Jew wrongthink with child rape and suicide bombings. You are the one trying to bring Gab down with your constant demand that Torba censor people you disagree with. You fake patriot faggots came here long after we did and have been trying to destroy it ever since. If you don't like it here, Leave. You're right, you will not survive because unfortunately for you, wood chippers don't know the difference between a John McCain loving civnat and a Communist. 
  
 	I can picture this dumb cunt saying that too 
 .@David_Speers: Do you as part of the leadership team offer any apology over the leadership spill?   .@JoshFrydenberg: What I can say to the Australian people is that we are back to work.   More:    
 		When this thhhhhhhhurdbull comes back with his cunt, lets welcome the cunt with the rotten eggs  in every place we can get him , including his dickhead son, lets make sure he does not  poke his head out of his Point Piper home 
 Hey Mr Hate why is it you 3 come out one at a time ? Could it be all 3 of these Profiles are actually One person ?   and you're little Faggot Id  or are you 3 little faggots so stuck on each other you just have to come running when one of your little Queer Buddies can't defend themselves 
 Yep . German business will force Europe into a decent and fair deal for Britain .    
 		I honestly believe that she has been neutralised and a Deal will happen with or without her . 
 		I honestly believe that she has been neutralised and a Deal will happen with or without her . 
 Loads of stories like this today. Facebook purging political pages on the left and right in what looks like a coordinated campaign in time for the mid-terms. 
 	Zuck is such a faggot 
 "journalist" describing healthy white families like some kind of disease. 
 	What does this feckless cunt Lucia Graves have against a woman's choice to make a commitment and a woman's choice about with whom she will associate? How is it Any of Ms Graves' concern? . . . And for years we have been told that the left was pro-choice, but it seems to depend on what the choices are that one makes. 
 Breitbart London:  Hillary Clinton Attacks British Tories for Backing Orbán, Demands U.S., Europe Respect Human Rights of Migrants    
 	fuck you clinton cunt 
 Rogan on Trump's Impeachment  
 		lol 
 		lol 
 Six-Year-Old School Children Instructed to Write Gay Love Letters to Make Them ‘Accepting of Diversity’    
 	           -  - In England- "Young children instructed to write love letters from 'Prince Henry' to his manservant 'Thomas'-- 'You’re going to tell Thomas why it’s a brilliant idea for him to marry you'." 
 		It is better than being married to a nigger is all that needs to be written but a six year old shouldn't be writing love letters 
 Think About That    Long and Hard 
 		I've seen some retarded shit online before, but bubba here thinking he can shoot down a drone from 25k feet is comedy gold. You should go on the his-story channel and teach everyone your skill set.  
 	Every week I'm berated by some  for being "too anti-Christian", but what choice do I have?    routinely gloat about their purported success in destroying , even though they have not managed to do it. They hate 10,000+ years of indigenous   culture.   Am I supposed to support them, or stand idly by? Hell no! 
 				I rarely see pagans attacking Christians with "critical thought". 99 times out of 100 pagans are attacking Christians using strawman antics that do little more than show the pagan has zero fucking clues about Christianity, or what Christians understand or believe. On the rare occasion that a pagan posts a legitimate critisism of Christians or their faith, Christians jump at the chance of defending their faith and do so with civility until the ad hominems and strawmanning commence. Then, righteous indignation prevails in the form of hostility and insults. 
 					"fucking" "with civility ". Are you american?   You work on your image a bit. I don't need to discuss about anything near the mind let alone spirit with you. 
 							Your a kid and not aware of your own language. The only christian I read here is a cryptomuslim. Or some other sandbox semite. Great to know what passes for christian over the pond? 
 											All in good time, little trinitity. 
 iTS Called Ugly Cunt Faceitis 
 iTS Called Ugly Cunt Faceitis 
 Cnn's  deleted tweets.     
 		Well, so will the Anglo-Murican business, elitists, who refused to ever Repatriate Blks. Cabin "wood" is only splinters. Blks are Logs.  
  
 	Careful what You Wish For. 
 				What is it with women and phytophilia ? 
 				What is it with women and phytophilia ? 
 News  Elizabeth Warren Rips Ice: It’s ‘Not Making Us Safer’    
 	This Loud Big Mouthed Lying Cunt Needs Hung Like All The Rest Of That Communist Demorat Scum.   
 I never said 'do nothing'. The Bible says 'faith without works is dead'   -does anyone believe this pagan retard is doing anything other than larping? Other than being a dumb-ass on Gab? .no way. He isnt helping anyone.   Christ was not a jew. These pagans are liars, just like the jews    
 Not really, it just shows how many sick, twisted liberals are still around. They'll sell their souls for an overrated, overpriced pair of overseas produced welfare shoes. 
 	Virtue signaling. with your feet. how charming. retarded fucking   
  
 	Look a faggot with a cap gun! 
 Is this a true story       
 		. . . for instance.   
 		. . . for instance.   
 It's not okay to be white in Australia    
 	It's Fucking astounding how Retarded our Politicians are! They fell for it, even after the same troll happened 12 months ago and everyone knew! Fuck!We need to rename Canberra to . Spastics Corner! 
 What happen to the Jew cunt we used to troll? Lol 
     Antifa Takes Over Portland Because of a Justified Police Shooting! (Reaction)          #5GTakeover   
 	Id Like The White Man Who Appears Correct That He Is  Nigger Be Doxxed.  What About Those Cowardly Co CoNSPIRATORS Called CoPS In The Back Ground 
 Yes. There are many retarded Boomers who believe everyone to their Right is being paid to make true conservatives look bad  
 	 has yet to actually do anything about me spamming him lol   and it is a him 
 		She's been threatening to dox you to? 
 				Yeah she's been threatening to dox everyone   Even companies like  
 				I have a question. What do you do about a someone pretending to be a frog . But really they are a toad.  
 					   hmmm      idk. Is this a real toad that is pretending to be a frog? Is this a human who is pretending to be a toad who's pretending to be a frog? What if a human pretends to be a toad pretending to be a frog pretending to be a human? Where would such an individual fall on the oppression scale?   Personally I'd rank them among the "mentally ill", but others may put them in "otherkin"   Of course if this is a literal toad pretending to be a frog I'd be amused and would love to figure out why this animal does what this animal does lol 
 						What about turtles and tortoises?  
 		 
 That’s because you guys are fucking morons. The people you hate told you he’s betray you and buttfuck you, but you didn’t listen. He’s an incompetent cunt and so are the people who voted for him. 
 Who is this Irish leftist cunt in Texas and why does he look like napoleon dynamite 
 My Dear Filthy kikess Grammy Queen of England Elizabeth Genetic-jewess Im making you a grandmother again in the Spring I knocked up my nigger wifey from the Usa!    "Now we may play monkey in the middle in the courtyard for the first time! my dear Filthy dirty fucked up in the head harry genetic-jew grandson! Im glad for you that she takes it anywhere you want to put it. My old man kike filthy jew genetic only gets it up for the young whores he buys. Will you pop some pimples Ive on my arse?"     
 Just suspended from Twitter for telling some faggot liberal, that calling white Europeans crackers is no different than calling Africans niggers. Who wants to bet it had nothing to do with using the term cracker? 
 Three-Quarters of Calais Migrants Mentally Ill  Report   Activist health professionals have sounded the alarm over the situation in Calais, where Doctors of the World claim three-quarters of the 500 migrants living in the hope of breaking into Britain are suffering from mental illness.  France Culture said the northern port town was facing a public health emergency, in a report Wednesday which marked two years since the dismantling of the so-called Jungle camp saw almost 6,500 migrants moved to asylum centres scattered across the country.   Despite ongoing efforts by authorities to clear the area of illegal immigrants, whose desperate and violent attempts to reach the Uk have resulted in the death of at least one driver and the wounding of several police officers, between 450 to 500 would-be illegal migrants are still living in Calais, the public broadcaster reports.  Doctors of the World, whose volunteers hold regular mobile clinics for illegal immigrants in the areas of France in which they congregate, estimated that three in four of those in Calais and the 1,800 who lived at the Dunkirk-based Grande-Synthe camp  which was dismantled Tuesday  suffer from serious mental health problems.   A report by the open borders-backing Ngo and France’s Primo Levi Centre revealed the most common conditions amongst immigrants residing illegally in the Eu nation were psycho-traumatic syndromes, constituting 64 percent of mental conditions diagnosed between 2012 and 2016.   In addition to having suffered extremely painful circumstances in their homelands, and experienced traumatic events in the course of migrating to Europe, the mental health of asylum seekers is degraded further still upon their arrival in France, where problems are worsened as they face rejection and authorities questioning their word with regards to the hardships they have faced, according to the report.   Memory and concentration loss affecting illegal immigrants’ ability to recount their journey to France and the reasons they are seeking asylum is cited as a disabling psycho-traumatic symptom in the report, which claims the demands of the asylum registration process increases [migrants’] suffering.   The violence to which exiles have been exposed, themselves or as witnesses, has long-term effects, not only on them but also on future generations, asserts the report, claiming migrants are often suffering from the transgenerational effects of psychotrauma.   To this end, the Ngos recommended that authorities take into account the degraded mental state and the extreme vulnerability of illegal immigrants in the context of narratives for the right to protection, especially when assessing the claims of unaccompanied children and adolescents.   In order to solve the public health emergency of mental illness rates amongst the illegal immigrant population in France, the state should provide immediate and unconditional shelter to asylum seekers along with full entitlement to healthcare, according to the document, which neglects to examine the effect such measures would have on the number of people choosing to embark on the dangerous journey to Europe.   Full Story:     
 	They do not have `mental illness! Ffs! They are sub-human Niggers who have not evolved the intelligence to live in a decent, developed society. I have said before, the only thing the Nigger invented was a f*cking stick! 
 	Cnn = Media Whores 
 	Cnn = Media Whores 
 Ok you are right I don't know. I'm only inferring.    So I'll ask directly.   Are you willing to use the terms nigger or kike?   If not, why are you willing to use white ethnic slurs when you treat all races the same? 
 	lol, she is so not answering that 
 	Hate the n word.never use it.makes me physically sick  
 		sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me, unless you say nigger, then i will puke and the acid will eat my throat out. you evil honky cracker mother fucker.  Or  you could chuckle and have a sip of tea. 
 		<chuckling while I shake my head and drink whatevers handy.   
 	Hey, if you don’t like real free speech stay off of gab. Go to twitter where your not exposed to freedom. Get lost. 
 	What you don’t like engorging it. 
 	What you don’t like engorging it. 
  Blue Wave Officially Over as Gop Surges!  52,687 views Dr. Steve Turley  Published on Oct 23, 2018 
 	Some Faggot 1 day ago  Democrats and the media are hoping to make republicans complacent in order to win. A red wave is only possible if you go out and vote 
 Europe is suffering from the effect of extremely unwise immigration policies. Soros had a hand in that. Is Soros suffering because of his globalist views? No. Soros has a hand in funding the caravan of people headed to illegally invade the U.S. They will have no funding to return to their home when turned away. Will Soros care? No.   Thank God Trump is in office. 
 		No bets. They will be turned away. This is a planned attempt at creating a media spectacle before the midterms. Those people have allowed themselves to be used as pawns by globalists. How big a price will they pay for their bad choices?  We'll see in a few days. 
 			They will nearly all be allowed in. 
 		According to Sec-state Mike Pompeo 'no one gets in, no matter what' they need to come through proper channels. First time to see that word 'wetback' on media platform. Growing up with that phrase is old school for me. Lol. Right now military called to duty. 
 			No military orders have been cut yet, just speculation. And our asylum laws give them the "proper channels" they'll use to let the wetbacks in. We instead should machine gun them all south of the border. 
 	Good thing you ain’t in charge! Or else free speech wouldn’t be a thing for Gab. As for suckin’ y’all’s dicks? Yeah no thanks. Y’all ain’t my type. But please! Invite more people over. I’d love to have some more laughs. 
 	muting because you cant dominate a debate are the actions that speak louder than words. Part of the price of freedom, is that others freedoms are not in your control. Maybe you should leave gab if your feelings are too fragile? 
 	Why would you want anybody’s freedom of speech to be taken away on Gab? How can you use Gab and not believe in freedom of speech? 
 	I'd settle for banning all Canadians from Gab. 
 	 
 	Everyone knows the the biggest homophobe's are really the biggest closet-case's. Everyone! 
 	Everyone knows the the biggest homophobe's are really the biggest closet-case's. Everyone! 
 Trump is honestly just giving people what they want. And it's only Jews that are organized. Only Jews that have a clear idea. White boomers are leaving the next generation out to dry even in retirement. 
 		dollars to donuts, your a retard, nigger lover  
 Federal Judge Drops Bomb: I Was Given 'False' Statements to Derail Requests for Clinton Benghazi Docs    
 	Cheryl Mills was also just another typical Nigger 
 Official School Records Support Claims That Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-Mn) Married Her Brother    
 		They all ran the first chance they got.  
 		C'mon man, be serious.  The women are for babies, the goats are for fun!    Keep it straight! 
 National Socialism.    The Only enemy capable of defeating (((communism & its globalist))) ideology.    The Victor is never asked if he told the truth.    
 		Point wasn't "Hitler hates niggers", I said we might be too niggerized.  That Is, people have compromised families. You know, nigger babies and nigger cousins.  I think most people are too invested in the status quo/Eurasian-negroid mongrel race. Couple that with Jew media telling them what to think 
 When was telling history racist? i cant help that black men seemed to like to rape  back then 100 yrs later black are still raping women here. Hum maybe we should of never stopped. (well i know one that will happen once their asses is spotted and no jury in the world would convict after what those sorry niggers done). You are talking to a man who knows 3 raped by nigger  
  
 	Oh mama. The odour of nigger emanates from your midriff & I hear you rolling around, banging & screaming every night since you divorced my daddy 
 Reposted for red-pill sharing. Had to vanquish a troll in original post, by deleting.                                                                                                            
 	Yeah Faggot Trolls have a knack for screwing things up 
 Full    On   Retarded   Democrat 
  
 	Think again Scooter.    Did I mention we have a large military force & just for good measure we have several million vets locked & loaded for battle.    We are not Uk or France or others. We don't cowtow to Anybody. Especially someone who wants to kill us. We kill back in larger numbers. All of you if necessary.    We will not just lay down like the other countries have done.   We Are America 
 		The military wont do shit.  they are a band of mercenaries, and over half of them are not white.     You won't do shit    The slow downhill slide of multiculturalism has been going on for over 100 years, and not once have you "locked and loaded" yet, why would this be any different? You will act outraged, you will make idle threats, and then you will watch sports. 
 				Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 				Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		Niggers actually derive pleasure from torturing animals and people. There is something really wrong with nigger brains. 
 		If there was a village of idiots, she would be the village idiot.  Get rid of this disgusting sheboon.  
 		I 'm always tempted to post something  very large and extremely unpleasant in her mouth before I punch her. 
 			No need really. She is usually found with a Triple McBurger in her gob. 
 				Thank you for the update on Racist Abbott's Gob! 
 				Thank you for the update on Racist Abbott's Gob! 
 	Trump should allow him to be the official White House foot stool. 
 		How about an organ grinder's monkey for the tourists in front of the White House.  Or is that insulting to organ monkeys? 
 	Obey 
 	Kiss the muthfuckin ring bitch. 
 	There's no need to convince cucks of anything. Just win, and they submit. 
 		ew, disgusting 
 		I keep hearing people complain that Trump isn't /ourguy/ and he hasn't done enough to fill his promises re: the Wall.  Both those statements are definitely true.  What he has done for us is send the Left into a frothing rage that redpills more people every day. He has also trolled the Msm into losing what few shards of credibility it had left.  Neither of those things would have happened under an Hrc presidency. 
 	 
 Omg Wake Up Florida don't vote for this man  
 		Awesome  News still praying for Florida after that terrible hurricane. 
 		Awesome  News still praying for Florida after that terrible hurricane. 
 today it was posted on the zombie land saga website that the Legendary Yamada Tae'S actress is none other than the Legendary Kotono Mitsuishi (misato/ebuchu/sailor moon), adding to the joke that she's legendary.   she doesn't even speak in episode 03. maybe 04. but it'll be Legendary when she does. tae-chan is the one looking retarded in the image. 
 I notice my follower count has fallen since my overt criticism of the anti-semites that lurk here. Good. I don't want any engagement with them. Sod off you vile freaks. 
 	Fck off yourself silly old cunt 
 Owner of the limo company that killed 20 ppl over the weekend identified as Malik who lives in Dubai.    
 	True story! The driver was an illegal immigrant Muzzie who realized his limo was full of Jews and decided to take them out.  
 The mugger aged 'young adults' in my neighbourhood know I'm broke and prone to exetreme violent outburts on dickheads who hassle me, I've been known to pull bladed weapons on nigerian muslims and one time I pulled an axe and chased some cunt who thought he could take the piss, people are polite to me and leave me the fuck alone. Just how I like it. 
 The mugger aged 'young adults' in my neighbourhood know I'm broke and prone to exetreme violent outburts on dickheads who hassle me, I've been known to pull bladed weapons on nigerian muslims and one time I pulled an axe and chased some cunt who thought he could take the piss, people are polite to me and leave me the fuck alone. Just how I like it. 
 .@TheJuanWilliams: The shocking point is that Republicans don't have a message right now.  
 	Is foxnews that libRETARDED to tweet juan williams' retarded remark!:)  "Republicans don't have a message"!:)  Republicans Have Accomplished Many Projects while juan williams was hiding in a deep hole to smoke dope and lose his brain so he could ignore Republicans Messages!  Republicans have made America Bright and Shining again!  
 	I grew up in the whitest area of the whole of England, and the idea that I would mindlessly side with everyone who lived there, against all others, purely on the basis of them being white, is completely crackers. Some sort of perspective is necessary.  
 	I am convinced of this myself on the basis of your iron irrefutable logic. 
 	I am convinced of this myself on the basis of your iron irrefutable logic. 
 Listening to Tom styrer belittle white rich men is kin to hearing blacks calling each other nigger Tom needs to look in a mirror himself because I do believe he is a rich white guy  
 Listening to Tom styrer belittle white rich men is kin to hearing blacks calling each other nigger Tom needs to look in a mirror himself because I do believe he is a rich white guy  
 		I'm sure you meant to say I am a white piece of runny shit dripping down my leg. Fair mistake loser. 
 		Maxine’s voting district is ghetto latino.This Mexican dude might be good republican replacement  
 			What have republicans done for you, white man? 
 			He ran against her in 2016 as well.  He's a tough guy. 
 		Gladly 
 			Muh based latinx  
 				I'd rather have Omar Navarro represent than Maxine Waters. Omar is a hard working man who live is the district he wants to represent. Maxine is a crazy turd and corrupt beyond belief. 
 		That’s awesome !   
 to all those shrieking dyke feminazi's and their "men" supporters who've done everything they can to destroy justice Kavanaugh, as well as this country. I have one thing to say after todays vote.Ha Ha. we won, you lost.Again! 
  
 	Dem Cunt 
 Why is thsi muzzie fucktard still walking around?She should be deproted for provoking and inciting dissention.Stunned Soros paid shill. 
 This is the Democratic Party   Sick & evil 
 	Funny how Millennial infants get bled dry being turned into fanatics at Establishment universities! This dumb cunt is prolly on the hook for $100k in student debt! 
 I loathe the man, but imagine if the Labour bull dyke has got it wrong    
 No, male models.   They are not the same. 
 	Nigger faggots. 
 Sometimes, when you think your opinion of the remain scum can’t get any lower . 
 	Labour allowed their paki voters to rape white children with impunty.  And you wonder why we voted to leave. You stupid cunt  
  you make me want give up on sad sacks ! your one sad sack needs new veiws! but your retarded LoL silly Fuckers On Left! can't fix Stupid!  
 Y'all he is a self hating nigger yes I said nigger that is why he brags about his white women (mud shark whore) he obviously wants to turn his Dna white can you blame him dam he was born a nigger after all 
 Khunt has a lot to answer for  
 	That Pos is on Lbc this am speaking to annoying liberal James O'Brien. Had to turn the radio off. 
 		aww he drives me nuts.he does it for number for the show but he is a twat 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Stop being less of nigger by calling yourself by an absurd name like "ShonteriKKKa". Just joking! 
       
 	Retard continues to tard 
 A man who was at the scene of a shooting at a Kentucky Kroger store said that moments after the alleged gunman killed two black victims, he told the white bystander that whites don’t kill whites, according to a report by Nbc affiliate .  
 	Msnpc when will you be reporting on all the nigger crime and murder against white people? 
  
 	Hey Angloon, why dont you give some of that buttcoin money to some whites actually making a difference. 
 		Just between you and me, I think he's a fed.  I remember his totalfascism.com blog, and there were some people using eerily similar rhetoric to Hal Turner's blog.  Plus, he never ever questions mainline Republican agenda, even when it's overtly pro-Jewish. 
 			Yea, thats exactly what I think too. Hes a de-radicalization shill trying to make people just vote with niggers for zionists. has written numerous articles that might as well be written by antifa, anti-national socialist articles, and hes just a general well poisoner, posting negative influence minded anti-women trash etc Appears to be an actual faggot 
 Well we all see now you have no Problem being a Faggot 
 Avenatti shreds Trump as a "misogynist pig" for mocking Ford      
 	That feckless cunt is so retarded she's off the retard chart and onto the shit for brains chart. 
  
 	Fold that Pizza up and choke on it you fat overweight  Escalade ass Nigger 
     Osamba spent 8 years blaming Bush for bad economy, now he has spent 2 years taking credit for  success in the economy.   What do we call this? 
 	standard nigger behaviour? 
 We Have Details About The New ‘Star Wars’ Project. Fans Will Go Wild When They Hear Them      
 	I don't really care for watching movies that make white men look like evil retarded perverts while plugging heroes as being minority faggot shitstains. What's new in this movie? Trannies saving a planet of pedophiles from evil white Nazis? Fucking Hollyweird jews. 
 Hitler didn't take the guns unless you were a kike or a Commie you fuckin kike shill faggot 
 Dr.Gina Loudon   Obama talks about himself 92 times in 38 min speech    
 	Of course he would  hes a fucking faggot narcissist  
  
 	Why are you posting pics of a prairie kike in a Norse paganism group? If you're not a subversive, you're choice of aesthetic is questionable to put it mildly. 
 		Cry harder ergi faggot 
 Tory Ministers Consider Fresh Rebellion Against May’s Latest Concessions   Theresa May is potentially facing a fresh Tory cabinet rebellion as concern grows that she is planning to lock the Uk in a customs union with the European Union (Eu) for an unlimited period.  Some pro-Brexit cabinet ministers reluctantly signed up to the Prime Minister’s Chequers Brexit plan and did not expect her to make so many further concessions to the bloc.   Sources have also claimed this week that Mrs May could keep the Uk tied to the bloc’s restrictive laws and regulations of the environment and labour.  The Eu has consistently blocked British attempts to agree on a finish date for the backstop that will keep the whole Uk in a customs union, and now many Conservative Brexiteers are arguing a potentially unlimited time frame is unacceptable, the Bbc reports.   Cabinet ministers including trade secretary Liam Fox, environment secretary Michael Gove, Brexit secretary Dominic Raab, and foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt have reportedly expressed concerns.   And Commons leader Andrea Leadsom is reportedly thinking carefully about whether she could put up with such a compromise amid speculation she could resign, the Bbc claims.   Sources say the Eu is now ready to accept Mrs May’s proposal of keeping the entire Uk in the customs union after Brexit and the transition period.   The only other option they have offered the Uk is to keep Northern Ireland in the customs union and divide the Uk with checks in the Irish Sea  something the Democratic Unionist Party (Dup) has roundly rejected.   The Dup is propping up Mrs May’s minority government and on Wednesday they threatened to vote down the budget and move to topple the government if the Prime Minister breaches their Brexit red lines.   On Tuesday, former Brexit minister Steve Baker said up to 80 Tory MPs are considering voting against the Prime Minister’s half-in-half-out Chequers [Brexit] deal.   The prominent Brexiteer said that at least 40 MPs would vote down Theresa May’s deal, even after every possible technique is used by the Government to persuade or force MPs to toe the party line.   His former boss David Davis, who resigned at the same time, also wrote to Tory MPs warning of dire electoral consequences if May continues to pursue a Chequers plan.     
 	The fucking MPs need to grow a pair for once in their Well Paid lives and bring the treacherous cunt down.  The Universal Credit thing is another big example of the government's uncaring attitude, they'll force it through - problems and all, nothing people want matters any more, it's what the elites want, i.e., you poor forever. 
 Black man shoots white college chick to death  
 	this dizzy broad, was Dateing this watermelon eatin, lazy ass, ignorant, no good, worthless, stupid, dope eatin, racist fuckin nigger 
 Identified: We Expose The Man Who Roundhouse Kicked A Pro-Life Leader |   
 		If you pay attention, around 100% of losers who try to intimidate others pick on someone they perceive as weaker than themselves. 
 		If you pay attention, around 100% of losers who try to intimidate others pick on someone they perceive as weaker than themselves. 
 faggot 
 The World Judges The British Islamic Apologist Submissive Faggot Government.       
  
 		fuck off faggot nigger 
 Free speech has its price. But as I said, if you are not actively changing minds, this shit is a colossal waste of time. Confront them. It will get ugly as hate always is. Mute if you must. At some point, they will be hating into an empty echo chamber. Christ is Jewish. He taught in the Synagogues. They called Him Rabbi. 
 	I always find it funny when people who run around warning everyone to "Mute the Nazis" turn around and talk about us being in an echo chamber. 
 		Your avatar is a vile and evil reminder that men murdered human beings and used their skin like animal leather to adorn their domiciles. You are trapped in another kind of echo chamber. And now you are muted as well. Evil cannot be placed at the head of the table. Hate is evil. 
 			You sound like the kind of faggot who calls the blue half of the Zog regime "Dumbocrats" and masturbates to the thought of R. Lee Ermey's character from Full Metal Jacket fucking your  filipino wife. 
 Read  Another  Book!       
 	I used to love Harry Potter, but this constant stupid use of the books as reference to actual political discussion is so retarded that makes me ashamed of had read it. 
 Obamas gonna Obama     
 	half-nigger muzzie faggot. ahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaa 
 Race is blind 
 	I see pavement apes.you can't get an engineer or doctor out of a nigger with an I.Q. of 80.sorry! 
 	Have you heard about the South Korean beauty contest winner? Me neither.  
 	Have you heard about the South Korean beauty contest winner? Me neither.  
  
 	This bitch needs to go. The cunt is worse than McStain. I'm a 35 year Alaska resident and her dad (who gave her the seat) should come out from under his rock and speak. She's done here. Btw her voice mail in Dc is full. Imagine that 
 Chelsea Handler: My White Privilege Makes Me Feel ‘Very Gross’    
 	Drop the cunt in a tank of tar.See if she feels better being a nigger 
 I hate this Cunt with a passion!  
 Deranged leftist comedian Kathy Griffin played the victim card after she was confronted by a heckler during a show, who asked why she never reported her pedophile brother to authorities.   Report:    
 	rofl! She is a cunt   
  
 		It doesnt get much more disturbing than whats going on in this article, even for the catholic church. 
 		It doesnt get much more disturbing than whats going on in this article, even for the catholic church. 
  
 	I like her! Brains and probably a hot twat too!  I will reward her with a weekend of massages and cunnilingus! 
 White guy confronts black Trump supporter about his Maga hat and knocks it off his head! This is assault.   This guy needs to identified before he really hurts somebody!   Ex- Dem Latina       .   And will you look at all the dumbasses   watching but Do Nothing.   This angers me as much as the Bully. 
 	Me: "Niggers assault White Trump supporters who voice their pro-trump sentiments in nigger cities, with impunity. Here's X,Y,Z example.   Maga coalition: "yawn"   >Based nigger gets Maga hat knocked off   Twitter spick Magathot: "This is assault!"   >Nationwide social media hunt for culprit ensues   Y'all deserve to get raped by niggers 
 	Him or fucking Dyson. 
 		Branson has a string of sexual assault and harassment claims against him being kept quiet. 
 		Never knew that. Doesnt surprise me tbh. Blokes like that usually do. 
 	Richard Branson is the rapist 
 	About time he had his come-uppance.     
 	About time he had his come-uppance.     
 When gab shuts down where are we going? 
 		Have you read your timeline? 
 				Boom on boomer. 
 					 
 					88 
 					88 
 	dinn do nuffin 
 	dinn do nuffin 
  
 	3 years ago the twat that arranged these was living in the white house with mick the dick! 
 Joe Biden: Trump Supporters Have 'Cultish Devotion' | Breitbart    
 	Where is the muzzie with the runaway van when you want one? 
 	They do more than just bitch about "muh jewish oppression" and shit post. 
 			Lol, you're as bad as an unhinged liberal.   You don't agree with 100% of my world view, so you attack me. 
 					You're pathetic and weak. If you want to blame someone for the genocide of our people just look in ther mirror.   "Fuck my values" you don't know anything about my values. You're upset I made a single comment about "proud boys" kicking the shit out of commies, while you sit behind a screen fapping.  
 						Again . Have no use for you. 
 						You are worthless because you have No values you will assert using Violence. Cunt. Now go get fucked pussy.  
 This Is A Meme, Fake News. Post It To The Left.   Dick Van Dyke [1925-2018] Just Left $59 Million To Trump Foundation   In his will, Van Dyke specified that the total sale value of the house in Bermuda shall be donated to the Trump Foundation to help in their mission to make the country and world great again.    Abc Reports  
 	Dick Van Dyke isn't dead!  
 	Dick Van Dyke isn't dead!  
 Listen:  Traitorous Cunt Nanci Pelosi Admits Anti-Kavanough Campaign Was A Coordinated Smear Camapign Based On Lies   
 Well.   After this I will never buy Chobani yogurt ever again.              
 			Agreed, anyone that buys any food products from these stone age freaks are putting their own lives in danger. Grow your own vegetables and buy your meats directly from local farms, learn canning and preserving. 
 			omg.I had no idea.  So glad someone told me.  Yikes!  
 				We should research the companies we buy from and adjust accordingly. 
 					We should Dean but many of us don’t unfortunately 
 						I have been doing it for years, one shouldn't trust anyone that has their hand in the food supply. 
 							Dean you’re more proactive than I am I live in the moment I don’t concern myself with things that haven’t happened yet I know I should change my thinking 
 								You must like to live on the wild side. 
 									There’s nothing wild about me Dean lol I’m not much of a planner I go with the flow & the things that many people worry about I don’t It annoys my husband a lot because he’s extremely organized & thinks ahead about everything We’re complete opposites of each other & in my mind it’s for the best I don’t need a clone of myself 
 										My wife was the opposite of me, I think we seem to choose that way because of the difference in personalities. They say that opposites attract. 
 											I agree Dean 1 person that wants everything a certain way is enough in any house My thing is Y should I get myself all worked up over everything when he can do that all by himself lol He’s use to my ways & i’m use to his We couldn’t be any more opposite & it’s worked 48 years Hope you have a good night 
 												I hope you have good night as well my lady. 
 													Thanks Dean 
 					Many veggies are bought from Mexico where they are fertilized with human waste.  The Rule of ‘Don’t  Drink the Water’ should be expanded. 
 						Gross.  
 						I am sorry to be the one to break it to you but farmers use sewage from waste treatment plants as fertilizer here in the Us. They have to get rid of it somehow and that's how they do it. 
 						That's why I grow my own. 
 						That's why I grow my own. 
 Ouch again. & Lookie Redneck has got his claws out this morning too! Nice to have some company over here in the scaracistic corner Penny & Redneck.  
 Ouch again. & Lookie Redneck has got his claws out this morning too! Nice to have some company over here in the scaracistic corner Penny & Redneck.  
 Omg what ever shall we do?   Perhaps next he'll get a blowjob in the oval office?   Oh wait.   Lmao         #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam      #1A #2A  
 	Perhaps Trump should invite mudsharks and various porno Niggers like Lexington Steele into the White House, because Maga isn't racist! We love when our wimmins bed down with niggers that have borderline retard Iq's and dusky savage impulses! Time to send in the Real clowns - Niggers + a category 5 Chimpout in the tea garden 
 Gab will be monitored by the Ldtf for censorship for the forseeable future & any further signs of it will be met with the same show of force as you all saw over the last several days. Maybe even worse as this battle gets bigger and starts to spread to other websites that claim to be freedom hubs of the internet. Everybody is sick of the "free speech" marketing lies. 
 	Every loser's battle is always "getting bigger". You should get a contact writing speeches for . 
 		Another faggot non American bed wetter Akemi has a little weemie 
 For two years we have listened to Cnn, and every liberal media outlet say "Trump supporters are racist". Meanwhile here's Cnn saying "Kanye West is a Token Negro"   
 		Worst than that, he's the token faggot nigger. 
 > white church shot up   > nobody cares   > synagogue shot up   > abolish the First and Second Amendments 
 	White church shot up, Gab attacks shooter.  Black church shot up, Gab defends shooter.  Synagogue shot up, Gab blames Big Tech.  Faggot Power. 
 this is what Jews do -- 
 	Yes the jewdis goat like soro the evil cunt Rothschild yes not the real jews that hate Zionist like we all do the name a call the globalist like May and queen of Uk  
 	    Well, ooops. There goes your excuse for centralized banks . 
 		I don’t support central banking. It’s a moot point for you anyway because the Master Race forgot to have enough children and is just going to fade away like farts in the wind. 
 			You also sound like one of these master-race morons that forgot to have any children to carry on the master race. That makes you just another Fart in the Wind. Ron Paul wanted to get rid of the fed, where where you fucking morons back then? Why didn’t you support him? 
 	 
 	They arent human , Reptoid , real Jews are Hebrew and follow Abel and the Reps follow Cain, there are only two seed lines. 
 		In my estimation I bellieve you are right.  They are clearly a software program so they memorize very well, but as you know they are not creative at all so they do not contribute to culture like the white man who is responsible for the vast majority of proper culture.  Jews are programmed to be Liars and to subvert proper culture thru their morally degenerate ways.  They literally cannot tell the truth and have changed history to invert peoples minds and the narrative of who is at fault.  Every rabbit hole of Facts proves Jews are pieces of shit.  Getting people to look at Facts is another matter! 
 I think you’re generalizing a little too much.  I mute fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches almost every day. Doesn’t bother me, because I send their stupid posts into an abyss where I don’t have to see them.  That’s the price of free speech. You may not like it, but you can  these people. 
 Google Design Lead David Hogue: ‘Evil’ Republicans Will ‘Descend into Flames’ of Hell    
 	Yeah Well, Fk You Houge You  Retard Cock Sucker.  
 		"Black men equate ultimate success completed when they get the throphy wihite girl"   Niggers here in Toronto have openly admitted this to me. Gaining a White girl raises their status amongst their peers. I had a Nigger co-worker ask me to show him a photo of my blonde girlfriend. He uttered 'you are so lucky! I wish I could have a White blonde girl!' Disgusting. 
 Flat Earthers full retard mode episode 5  via  
 did anybody hear the rumors that the police are gonna be at the polling places this election checking voters for outstanding Warrants and Child Support and looking at evrybodys license plates?    i hope that rumor doesn’t get around if it’s true.     
 	Nigger Raheem Davis murderer. 
 Theresa May has no idea what's about to come knocking on her door.    
 	Sas or not Champion needs to sort his lid out. ffs.This is almost exactly a year old. On that demo Champion tried to throw Tommy Robinson off. Hasn't been seen since on any event. 
 		No difference than fighting for Isis. & the cunt sells Stand Up To Terror T shirts? He's dodgy. 
 		No difference than fighting for Isis. & the cunt sells Stand Up To Terror T shirts? He's dodgy. 
 Taylor Swift is a fat ass white trash redneck cunt. 
  I have the verdict of the Jason Van Dyke murder trial. 1 count 2nd degree murder, 16 counts aggravated battery with a firearm, one for each shot fired. Bond is revoked, Van Dyke is currently in the Cook County Jail. His lawyers are going to appeal. 
  I have the verdict of the Jason Van Dyke murder trial. 1 count 2nd degree murder, 16 counts aggravated battery with a firearm, one for each shot fired. Bond is revoked, Van Dyke is currently in the Cook County Jail. His lawyers are going to appeal. 
 Yep, another useless cunt promoted because she Is a cunt. 
 King James is an inbred piece of shit, and we all know how much of a fucking retard that makes, so he Butchered The Truth Cause That'S What Retards Do. 
 The standard to apply confuses me greatly.   Sexual violence is common in media. So aresexual situations involving minors. So is extreme violence. So is explicit sex. So are depictions of all of the above.   So the only thing really distinct about the hard loli stuff is a combination of qualities, all of which are deemed socially acceptable in other contexts. 
 	Sexual situations involving minors Should Not Be Common In The Media.  That shit should be so banned, so fast, because it’s fucking degenerative.  And you know it. 
 		That's how every retarded degenerate straight out predatory concept is initially introduced. A joke. An innocent depiction, perhaps some understanding.  Loud And Clear, Stay Away From Children. Period  
 Five caged lions poisoned and mutilated at African game farm.   This is the type of shithole savage that Europeans are so eager to import. 
 	Ppl on Gab love to pull this type of vapid "logic."  They'll show poaching in Africa and go "what savages!  We don't need this!"  But if some white hunter goes to Africa and kills the exact same lion, they're like "git er dun!  Yee haw!" and high five.  So you can tell they actually don't care about the lion, it's a tool they use for their stupid belief systems. 
 		They do the same thing to human beings, especially albino Africans, for Medicine. Educate yourself, watch this:  
 			Sure, but the point is Americans do pretty retarded things, too.  Like ppl will show Koreans eating dogs and go "we would never do this!" and then we eat a cow and if an Indian is upset we go "fuck off, dot head!  I'm eating Two steaks today for you!" 
 I fuck their cunt governments with 53billion in damages sanz  
 	I 100% agree. 
 	aw thanks - by the last year i'd just be rotating the same 3 memes in a row. but music, that would make it better. so you're invited. we'll take a hate trip to the stars! 
 	aw thanks - by the last year i'd just be rotating the same 3 memes in a row. but music, that would make it better. so you're invited. we'll take a hate trip to the stars! 
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	The reason I asked if you are a faggot is because you have bear in your handle, which I have been given to understand is faggot code for a fat faggot with hair on his back. Since you represent yourself as a real person I felt safe in assuming your sexual perversion preference. 
 "Uh, oh! Retard alert!" 
 The Great football (and lacrosse) player, Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the . He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people!   [video]   3:14 pm - 12 Oct 2018 
 	The crazy nigger beat up women.  
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
    Rollins Band - Disconnect 
 	communist faggot 
 We need a real solution to the nigger problem, not unrealistic things that will never happen like "Send them back to Africa" or "Kill them all."   What if every country that took foreign aid from the Us had to take 1,000 niggers for every 100,000,000 in aid? We'd have to pay the niggers too but it would cost a lot less than paying for their whole lives from niglethood, through incarceration, medical care and everything else 
 It's ok though. We have Kanye Wigger Nationalism now.   The AltRight sacrificed itself at Cville so Kanye Wigger Nationalism could rise up like a phoenix from the ashes. Maga muh niggas! *insert wigger beats*   
  
 	Wetback taxi 
 Our failure to mobilize and litigate on behalf of our political prisoners is more than merely a moral black eye, it's the kind of failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. 
 	You are the failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. You can't even fuck your own wife properly, you cuck traitor. 
 		Calm down Kikester Rapist, you little dot-headed shitskin mamzer faggot with the whiggress spanking porn website whose only value is that it keeps you engaged.  Me and Mattoid Parrot are at least White. Whether or not -- preferably not -- we build somethang under which fat delusional mongrels like Mattoid Chaimbach can shelter beneath is beside the point. 
 This salty bitch Lol 
 	And is this what retarded libtards f'ing consider Rape?  Hey, if someone knocks her teeth out they can hide at my place.  
 Still depressed over not asking out an asian qt in the numerous times I've been to Sheffield. 
 	 
 		Top kek, too bad I'm not a delusional verbose faggot like Elliot boi. 
 		Nothing compares to you  
 	It's where she belongs,sad to say. 
 		A wasted talent  
 		A wasted woman. 
 		A wasted woman. 
 Gavin is a faggot but Richard Spencer just talks very sophisticated and eloquent. I don't think he's into dudes. He's married with kids. 
 Dem Doxxer Can be famous too, but as good  peeps, we wouldn't make it go viral.would we?     Is this is the Bitch who Doxxed  Senators the other day.   Works for Lovely Maxine Waters?   Bad anons.bad bad Anons.Lol                 ---------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 	We shouldn't pass this around. I'm not going to do it. Nope. 
 			While old Maxi yells Lie LieS LieS! Despicable LieS!  Lol 
 			While old Maxi yells Lie LieS LieS! Despicable LieS!  Lol 
 		Their respective races rejected them. 
 						Planned Parenthood placed guns to the heads of the Nigger bitches and forced them to murder their babies? No one forced the Niggers to take welfare. They chose this rather than work for a living. No one to blame but themselves. 
 Gerard Batten does very well in this interview.  Even if he does get my name wrong.    
 	Irritating (black!) twat is not interested in his answers at all.  She asks a question, then does a countdown and asks the next, even while the previous one is still being answered.  Here's a clear illustration of why I never see Tv 'news' or mainstream papers anymore.   They're all rubbish.    
     We are living in a crazy world. Partisan academia is churning out a caste of unhinged zealots beside whom Alex Jones can fairly be considered a steady, restrained, voice of reason. 
 	The Real Alex Jones , lover of 1776 that is. Not the anodyne Welsh bint who mouths platitudes and drivel on the Bbc 
 	The Real Alex Jones , lover of 1776 that is. Not the anodyne Welsh bint who mouths platitudes and drivel on the Bbc 
 I will believe anybody over a rabid leftist twat who not only knits but also wears pussy hats.    Christine Blasey Ford ex-boyfriend says she helped friend prep for potential polygraph; Grassley sounds alarm   
 It’s called a tie u dumb nigger  
 Give a nigger a fish and he'll eat for a day.   Give a nigger a fishing rod and he'll be down to the nearest cash generator to sell it for some heroin. 
 	I hope you're having a time of your life because I am pissed off, I'm pissed because you are a 14 year old girl that needs a spanking, you're not ready for primetime bitch 
 		So gay dude, you see Me (God) as a 14 year old girl! Damn! Lol!              
 			You are a child in need of a spanking from a father I'm pretty sure you don't have 
 				Gay dude, so you are a Pedo child abuser then! :eek:              
 		"you are a 14 year old girl that needs a spanking" 
 			How do you deal with teenagers rabbi? Oh wait, you are one, duh 
 				Teenagers get spanked in jewish homes? I did not know this. At what age does it stop? 
 					In your case, never 
 		-100 for you being an idiot! :) +1 (Neo)           " 
 Trump responds to fake Indian lady   
 	Lol comment on twat 1/1024 of $1 million = $976.56  Trump owes Elizabeth Warren $976.56 dollars 
  
 	Canada is a frozen shithole full of idiots 
 		Frozen shithole comment most likely coming from the an idiot that voted for Obama!  Fucking retard that has been caught in the Jews Divide and Conquer trap.   Focus on the true enemies dumb ass. 
 Kanye West Defends Maga Hat: I Am an American; I Support Our President       Levin.insist that Trump was racist because he called black celebrities like Don Lemon and Lebron James dumb and referring to African countries as shitholes   Well, to the left all black people are geniuses and all black countries are utopias-that's retarded 
 You're quite welcome.  I'm sorry that you were robbed of your ability to self manage.  If only you had the sense of accountability and responsibility yourself.  No wonder you are the first generation that failed to do better. 
 	Jewish Control in America   Next Stop: How Jews Control Communism, Feminism, Lgbtq, Music, the Media & Pornography    
 			Coon logic, boy.  You saying something makes it true.  100% nigger tier. 
 There are closed door investigations going on on several fronts. Pence is working with top Military officials to address the China and foreign aggressors. Meanwhile Sessions, the Ng, and the Q team are addressing the Globalist Coup inside our nation's govt. Sessions has an impeccable reputation for Constitutional Law, he is excellent at it (much like Ted Cruz). Sessions is making sure things are sealed tight when literally thousands of arrests are made.   Trump's business skills are proving to be a major strength. He knows who is good at what they do, and what needs to be addressed, and where to assign the right ppl, as he oversees things. He doesn't micro manage, but he knows how to lead and how to hold the leaders he assigns accountable. God has the right man in office. Not sure that many ppl would be able to untangle all the tentacles of the Deep State, but Trump is gifted at it. 
 		Big Breaking News about the Deep State coming out tomorrow and Wed of this week. Huge.  (28:50) on the counter.    
 		sessions has provided all the evidence in the world that he's a deep state swamp rat even to the point of open warfare between himself and the president on social media and yet you trust the word of some anonymous stranger that lies repeatedly. Admit it- you're in a cult. 
 		sessions has provided all the evidence in the world that he's a deep state swamp rat even to the point of open warfare between himself and the president on social media and yet you trust the word of some anonymous stranger that lies repeatedly. Admit it- you're in a cult. 
 Like Vox Day here, I can also openly say that Gab cannot say I did not warn them.   But Gab is clearly for the nazis.   Torba defends their speech over all others, and it has spiraled to the point where it instigated a mass murderer.    
 	You sir are a fucking moron. Go get reprogrammed you Npc  faggot 
 If it defiles nature or anything wholesome the jews love it, hence all the faggot and tranny shit 
 Rt :    As someone whose family has directly been the victim of these mail threats I condemn whoever did this regardless of party or ideology. This crap has to stop and I hope they end up in jail for a long time.  
 	Cnn perpetuated this shit. Remember when Cnn actually Created the Ferguson mess? Strange how they don't like when the tables are turned. Its all fake anyway, so this faggot is even worse than someone who's feeling heat, he's fraudulently acting like some sort of victim. Unfortuately all fake. I Wish It Were Real And I Support The 'Senders' Success WItH At Least One Of TheSE Fake Bombs. 
 Just curious.how many of you lovely ladies get retarded DMs from men that have jack shit to say but try to initiate lame bantz Bs?   Attention, dear newly arrived gentlemen.   We arent awaiting your rescue or dick.   please behave accordingly.   Thank you.          
 My Twitter account was locked.  Why?  I had said that someone was retarded for failing to understand the presumption of innocence.   Twitter told me that that is .   So the many accounts calling for the death of Jews, males, whites, republicans , etc. are not?   Twitter ,google etc are becoming ever more obvious in their slant. 
 stop spamming me nigger 
 This is how a pedophile deflects from the fact he was defending jerking off to drawings of childred being sexually abused. 
 	 I rather more ppl fap to drawings or have sex-dolls than fuck children. As video games helped to reduce violent crime,lolicon art & other outlets for sex fantasies keep many perverts from molesting or raping real people. In 3rd world countries where porn/erotic art is forbidden rapes sky-rocket. In Japan where lolicon is huge? Very few incidents 
 		Yet again this is a false argument. Looking at animated pornography doesn't prevent anyone from looking at real pornography or having real sex with someone. Neither would looking at animated child pronography prevent a pedophile from looking at real child pronography or having sex with a real child.    This is pedophile propaganda used to try to get you to allow them to step by step encroach upon the norms of our society with their degeneracy. 
 			Cleric,you are "Satanic Panic" and "Video games cause violence" reborn.only this time you're going after fictional erotic art and porn instead. Even ppl who look at lolicon know it's a niche and that most normies don't fap to it. I don't give two shits what people do when masturbating or in their heads so long as they don't hurt "real people". 
 					Hey man, you can have your opinion and call us "retards" but it's proven Puritanical societies that crack down on pornography/erotic art usually hide their own degeneracy from Catholic priests molest children to Muslim grooming gangs. But hey,keep hitting tokes from the self righteous dopamine pipe. 
 						What I find incredible is that you still think that you can shame me when you're defending people having the right to look at simulated child porn or having sex with sex dolls that look like children.  You either are retarded or are pedophile yourself.  
 	We do. Hopefully I'll at least have time for a round or two. 
 	We do. Hopefully I'll at least have time for a round or two. 
 If you are a Rabbi in America, molesting 4 children will Only get you 60 Days jail.   This is outrages!     
 	>Be White   >Go to Charlottesville to protest the removal of a confederate statue   >See old White man getting beat up by nigger   >Defend man by smacking nigger in head   >Get 8 years   .   >Be kike   >Rape children   >Get 60 days  If you're not actively pointing out bullshit like this to people you know Irl despite the social costs of doing so, you don't deserve the White race 
 Asshole  underestimates the opposition vitriol, and response to, his pat idiocy. He’ll learn. Or he’ll understand. Won’t be his choice.             
 	String that crook nigger up 
 I bet the people who attack lolicon are the same people who watch Toddlers & Tiaras. And we're the gross ones. 
 		By definition I am a man, but I understand this is an attempt to belittle us so I'll humor you. Oh man you got me I am a woman now that was a sick burn ow. 
 		By definition I am a man, but I understand this is an attempt to belittle us so I'll humor you. Oh man you got me I am a woman now that was a sick burn ow. 
  
 	Typical nigger 
 I keep seeing posts about the Fbi investing Kavanaugh and how it’s the same Fbi and can’t be trusted to do the right thing. I beg to differ, it’s not the same Fbi. The corruption on the top has been removed, the rank and file agents are not the problem here is a list of the former problem Fbi 
 	This is Trumps Fbi now 
 		  all they need to do is prove that party boy Brett fibbed about "farts" term & was a regular poon hound to the committee and it sinks the nomination on a technicality. Can we please focus on winning the midterms cuz excusing  will not gain us moderate support. Yes the yellow bellied uninvolved flaccid middle is what decides. just sayin    
 			This inuendo continues to be repeated but there are zero verified proofs that Kavanaugh was nothing but what has been presented.   Lose the midterms, the only thing that will prevent a blue wave will be people standing up forcefully against unverified  attacks.     We elected Potus because we trust him to do the right thing and he’s smart.  He selected Kavanaugh 
 					  Lmao Republican primary Never Trumper Mark Levin is now trying to Excuse  by screaming to the audience that Democrats Lie Too!   Do you see how bad it looks if we haggle over this? Why didnt those Pos RINOs get the Democrats at the time of their lies? Why is it ok for us to say "well they lie" when defending our side? Its not! Move on!   
 						Democrats do lie. Allegations do not equal the truth. You must have proof. Judge K lied? When? Rino's are democrats. They lie too. It's the swamp. Rinocrats are lower than democrats. At least you know what they are about and predictable. Rino's like Flake are traitors. 
 							Yes Democrats lie omg you people have no reading comprehension skills   Im Not Calling Brett A Rapist! Im saying he Fibbed to a judiciary committee and that tiny technicality is enough to sink this nominee in this political atmosphere . and no I aint happy about it.  Move on. Win the Midterms and  dont matter in the Bigger Picture    
 								 its like spoon feeding retarded Libs sometimes with some of you . just saying       
 Like if you agree. If you disagree kindly go play in traffic.    
 	Yes, and the mandatory minimum sentence for such a lying cunt should be no less than the maximum possible sentence that the man would have faced if falsely convicted, including mandatory sex offender registration. For starters.  
 	Now, if only we could build one between Canada and the Usa. 
 		And also make Mexico pay for it? 
 				How about we extend the Mexican wall up the Californian border, through the Cascades, and around over the top of the Us. Would that work? 
 					Unacceptable. I want the wall right across the longest shared border in the world. I say you should pay for it because Mexico could never hope to afford such a staggering project. 
 						Wall Bonds would have the wall built in no time. Paid for by Americans. And then we can build a wall to keep Canadians out. I'll pay for that too. 
 							So why not privatize the wall project if so many people want it that bad? Instead of begging the government to do something for your Welfare. Do it yourself because the government always does things inefficiently and takes way more money than they should. 
 								I am paying for the wall myself. So is everyone else who pays taxes.   President Trump spent a lifetime building under budget.    You make zero sense. Stop Yelling at me with utter nonsense. 
 													Lol 1 dimensional. Stupid redneck. 
 Rt Fuctupmind    4Chan Sparks Mass Triggering With Npc Meme; Twitter Responds With Ban Hammer | Zero Hedge     
 	twat er are so libtard now it has become a meme   
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.   
 In case there was any doubt. 
 	why do you women feel the need to let us know that you're bitches? what? like it's some warning label on a piece of candy or some shit. Do you see men posting memes saying we're cheating, lying, drinking assholes? nooooooo. how about focusing on the Positive next meme.and this was Not meant to be personal aimed at you. just a general overall complaint.  
 			Look in the mirror Len, then let me know ? C u next Tuesday little buddy butt-Hurt 
 							Yep  %  
 							Yep  %  
 	This video only works because Flotus is very attractive. But I still can’t believe the audacity! 
 	This video only works because Flotus is very attractive. But I still can’t believe the audacity! 
 Focus on not being a dumb cunt please.I know it’s hard 
 Focus on not being a dumb cunt please.I know it’s hard 
 I don’t care if Kavanaugh is confirmed, I don’t care if Trump wins again so he can give out more tax breaks. I care that our guys are being railroaded into prison and no one is doing anything about it. 
 	You should. If he is denied the left will be emboldened with more to come. If Trump isn't reelected we're back on track to be brought down to 3rd world status, more muslims imported and the one world government they've been planning.  Yeah, you should care. 
 		People who believe what I believe are losing years of life in prison because they wouldn’t let Antifa kill them.   if that’s not third world I don’t know what is. Muslims are still coming, illegals are still coming, there is no wall, and Trump surrounds himself with the Jewish globalists who keep testifying against him. Idc 
 			Yeah ok   Wahhhhh I didn't get everything so now I don't care.  You talk about antifa like your not a part of them. Guess what? You are. Congrats, now dye your hair blue and get a pussy hat  
 				Nah, you're clearly a faggot antifa punk. No one is buying your bullshit bitch. 
 Photo from Nickelsdorf, Austria when they opened their borders to migrants and refugees in 2015 and Not from current caravan.    Sorry for not reverse image searching first! 
 	Too much of this makes zero sense. Who is housing them and keeping them clean along the way? How can someone possibly make it across 2000 miles without any form of assistance? How come they haven't been picked off by predators?   There's so many red flags here! 
 		Being succesful apparently means that you are now the cookie jar for every freeloading retard on the planet. 
 *New Video*   A gay, "non-binary" Muslim drag queen explains how gender and race fluidity is proven by science.   So delighted my Bbc license fee is paying for this.    
 	dumb cunt if you pay the license fee 
 	dumb cunt if you pay the license fee 
 Just In: Pompeo says Turkey’s Erdogan made it clear in talks that Saudis are cooperating in probe into missing journalist - Reuters 
 	lol, as if Turkey has any fucking weight over the Saud house. What is this retarded fuckin joke we got going on here?   Kash-Kash was Saudi intelligence, who clearly also worked for Turkey. 
 I Have Seen His Web Page. He Is A Patriot. I Just Don'T Care For His Hillbilly Music. 
 When you live in a city where they *protest* in the streets!  Not one f*ck given! Lol 
 		Send me the videos directly. I love watching people protect their property.  
 		Lock in the 4 Wheel Low & put the pedal to the floor  
 		My ex hits a deer every time she gets a new car. What a bitch eh? 
 		 
 		 
 Liberal Nazi cunt bitches   
 Heh, heh.might want to make posters out of this and spread it around. 
 	I would bet a paycheck my whole neighborhood would be arrested. Except for the one spic bro who hangs the Maga flag and gets harassed by his neighbors for it. 
 This is closely aligned with what I’ve always said: take only the no brainer trades and try as hard as you can not to be a cunt in the meantime.  
 Another controlled opposition bunch of crap,  Columbus was a Jewish merchant and now Elizabeth Cherokee Warren boycotts him? Sounds good to me except for the part where we blame white people again.     
 		You are a dumb shit, He was just another Jewish merchant and he didn't discover anything,  Vikings were here long before (((Columbus))) 
 		You are a dumb shit, He was just another Jewish merchant and he didn't discover anything,  Vikings were here long before (((Columbus))) 
 No president has ever put pressure on Mexico this way.    The Mexicans always said that an open border was a relief valve. If we clamped down on illegal immigration, all those migrants would go home--poor and pissed off--and they'd overthrow the Mexican government.    Then Mexico would become a failed state like Somalia, and we'd have to invade, occupy, and nation build. There are multiple studies outlining this scenario.            Trump said, "You're using the threat of becoming a failed state to blackmail us. Well, we'll just wall you off and let You deal with the hell you created by being corrupt and dishonest."   As we keep seeing, everything we were told before the Trump Era was a lie.    Although that's extremely horrifying to contemplate, at least we lived long enough to see it all change.    God bless Donald Trump. 
 	The Us is no stranger to military operations involving Mexico: 1847:  1917:  1954:  
 		Sounds like we should bring operation wetback back. 
  - This >  is a nigger loving faggot yid for sure. 
 As much as this guy acted like a faggot today, this is pretty epic so I'm re-posting. I don't have any proof that he's the reason for it though. I myself reported porn-spammers that literally had it in their profile "not MartyGraw." 
 	And what does it say to the girls in Spain that they can't beat out a freak in a beauty contest? 
 		All of which where amazing lady's,  Did you see that fugaly nigger that won in Sweden?   Amungst some of the most beautiful, educated women in the world.   Or the higabie in England.   Its political and nothing else.  
 the only place niggers need relocated is out of this country. Send them to Israel. Let the kikes take care of their nigger pets. 
 Muslim Cab Driver Shouting "Allah!" Beats 62 Year-Old Jewish Man in Brooklyn Street (Video)  via  
 	This muzzie needs to be beaten to death 
 Rt :    I am suspected of being a Russian Bot, probable smelly hillbilly & likely  ‘gun nut’Conser  
 Rt :    I am suspected of being a Russian Bot, probable smelly hillbilly & likely  ‘gun nut’Conser  
 For Nine months, Monika Schaefer, a peaceful, nature-loving Canadian violinist from Alberta, has been in prison in Germany for merely making a video.    But please don’t think this is just about the Holocaust. It is not.    
 		Idk about that.  there's one thing  could find, it's a 's ass 
 		How he got elected is still a mystery.what s soy boy waste of space.he is totally useless. 
 		Trump would let her rot too. Jews own him.  
 yikes; but if this happens all our problems are solved   Daily Mail: Earth could shrink to 330ft across in 'doomsday scenario' if particle accelerator experiments go wrong, leading astronomer Lord Martin Rees warns     
 	Well, we are heading to a future with too many retarded liberals and muslims, at least we would solve that problem 
 	The moral outrage is Bs anyhow. He's just a tool doing the bidding of some nazi LARPing faggot trolls targeting people they don't like as a game. The same trolls who, Btw, engage in username squatting and actual threats of violence, things that Are against Gab's rules, but Turbocuck ignores that. 
 I think he’s actually a girl that’s had sex with a nigger and that’s why he’s so obsessed with us having to accept mudsharks 
 Classic. Backlash?   When we're finished there will be no Democrat party left! 
 	dickey durban = paid for retard 
  
 	Sue that lying cunt for all the gofundme money. 
 	Sue that lying cunt for all the gofundme money. 
 The only time Kathy Griffin is funny is when she is completely melting down like the lunatic she is.   Mmm the tears are delicious. They already know their "resist" bullshit is doomed. 
 		hahaha.I'll give the cunt a scarf! 
 "New York City Alerts" reported that a Proud Boy was arrested by Zog, and posted his actual home address in this tweet out of pure politically motivated malice.         report this bullshit for doxing. 
 		Some more information on NYCityAlerts/Mir Omar, who thinks doxing humans is funny.    The terrorist notes in the 1st tweet below that he moved to Astoria in May 2014. In the second, to Brooklyn in May 2016.          
 	Even her nigger is losing it;) 
    Fuck! Fuck! Noo!   The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America!   Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court!   You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites!   And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
 	Yea justice K is innocent your a retard Lmao hope your ready for another beat down next month commie Redwave 
 		Well they did just beat down Susan Collins for the deciding vote recently.  
 		They truly don’t want free thinkers in their midst!  Look at their response to Kanye West! 
 		Oh gawd man.  Cnn showed their Klansmen mentality of pure Racism of Old.  That was infuriating crap to rehash. 
 		Oh gawd man.  Cnn showed their Klansmen mentality of pure Racism of Old.  That was infuriating crap to rehash. 
 You can dress the Nba and Nfl  in any uniform you want, but underneath they are just fucking thugs and set a bad image for youth.    
 	That nigger is 0-2.  
 Imagine being this cucked.   
 	Ahhh. Another Gay Faggot For Sure. . These Animals Have Destroyed So Much Of Our Civil Society, They Won't Be Satisfied Until The Destruction Is Complete !  They Must Run Out Of Our Schools, Politics And Cut Off All Social Welfare ! . Send Them All To Saudi Arabia !   
 Our three Greatest Enemies are;   Islam  China  Globalists 
 	Hey Muslims!  Where are you?   You dickless pussies are always ready to sneak up on a cartoonist armed with a paintbrush or a small, unarmed woman.    but you're too gutless to fight back against the Chinese.    Mohammed is a faggot  Allah is weak 
 Very close.  The offending nigger shot the poor White girl till she was dead and then went to a church and shot himself.  It's just a damn shame the worthless buck didn't do something good before his death and go set fire to the black dorms while chaining the doors shut.  That would've been a hero move, but no, he just killed a White girl, that's all. 
  what the hell do you think Cern about in Switzerland the Elite want to open a portal to the other side why I don't know but we are dealing with the f****** elite aren't we a bunch of retarded inbred f****** Lunatics 
 Politics is literally about social control of public spaces.   Yet our movement's so incredibly stupid, on a level that's hard to fathom, that there was an argument over whether or not we should contest public spaces at all and we all agreed not to.   Dildo McInnes deserves to win, and I'm happy for him and his project. 
 	To be fair, it wasn't the movement as a whole or even the majority of the rank and file. Weak leadership decided to listen to keyboard warrior incels and faggot assed cowards like Ricky Vaughn who'd all convinced themselves that the only social space worth fighting over was the internet. 
 Queen ~ Radio Ga Ga 1984 Disco Purrfection Version    
 	faggot 
 The Allies would tell freshly captured Axis soldiers,    'Enjoy the war while you can - the peace will be terrible'.    Four times more Germans died in the surrender of Germany than during the entire war.     
 		Heh heh, a little triggered are we? The truth fears no investigation.  Feel free to debunk what I have produced using credible sources & not memes.  Meanwhile, why not start here with the (((Freemasons))) & their genocidal bloodlust against Christians?   
 			.@TruthWillOut - secret masonic victory?  Wtf put this lame ass meme together?  Lool.  it's fuckin hilarious! How many times do I have to tell U that the  worked with a faggot despot i.e.   to commit genocide against All sabbath keepers who didn't go to church on "Sunday"?  
 Among leftwingers, perhaps 
 	Strange how I keep asking rich lefties if their beachfront properties are for sale because of the coming disaster caused by rising seas due to climate change, and they never want to sell. I’d even pay in cash. 
 		Wow, Cnn are really piling on the desperate bullshit. They tell us some cunt of a "scientist" claims if the Earth heats up 1 more degree then we're fucked. He obviously didn't go outside much during the heatwaves this year. The bullshit the majority can be lead to believe is amazing 
 		Wow, Cnn are really piling on the desperate bullshit. They tell us some cunt of a "scientist" claims if the Earth heats up 1 more degree then we're fucked. He obviously didn't go outside much during the heatwaves this year. The bullshit the majority can be lead to believe is amazing 
 Retard 
 		It's Not 109 locations, Many locations are listed multiple times   it's 109 Events    your guys "109 countries" is off by 26%, is it really any wonder you have no credibility? 
 				It's Not 109 locations   Many locations are listed Multiple times   is Your Iq really that low? 
 						and being listed more than once does not mean they count more than once, Dullard 
 							It does if it happened during a different time, dullard :^)  
 								Still not 109 countries, dullard 
 									Youre arguing semantics nobody cares about, faggot :^) 
 we must believe credible survivors of Cannibalism 
 	 
 		That’s not a human eating a human, it’s a nigger eating a nigger 
 	Retarded lefties with a Shiite message  
 undercover video showing the thirst is real.   Blv - Badunkadunk (Official Video)  via  
 	This Was Ruined By That Nigger Boy Eyeballing That White Girl'S Ass. 
  
 	The nice muzzie is thanking us for doing their dirty work for them. 
 	And you look like a guy who's not allowed to celebrate Halloween, lying mamzer faggot with the pedo stache.  
 My shot from this morning.   King Street. Old Town, Alexandria. 
 	Love this  
 		And not a single sand nigger in sight. 
 Congrats on being a gaslit cunt 
 Congrats on being a gaslit cunt 
 @a Hey Andrew, sorry for what's happening, head up. Thanks for all your hard work. Please contact  for hosting. "refugee hosting as long as it's legal in Sweden." "If it is legal in Sweden, we will host it, and will keep it up regardless of any pressure to take it down." 
 	There is so much more that Gab could do, I smell a rat.   As a note this comment is directed to the fact that us Patriots do Not have a decentralized network by now that performs, That'S The Rat!    The rat is Not your suggestion nor is it you  Pat,   Sorry for the confusion. 
 		I'm a rat for suggesting a hosting company? being a "rat" when I have no internal information & just a regular user? the fuck? Sweden is fucked & cucked when it comes to muslims, but they have one of the best Vpn companies (mullvad) & are great for piracy laws. go fuck yourself nigger faggot. 
 Trump is a piece of human filth followed by brainless retarded sheep. 
 Video played in court that shows a white man in Detroit opening fire on an unarmed black teenager who says he was lost.  
 		Exactly!   
 		Exactly!   
  Craig Sawyer! Navy Seal! V4CR       
 	Craig Sawman is a fraud. He's controlled opposition. Fake!  The guy did everything he could in Nm to deny, deflect, stonewall, botch the compound operations. His attempts to make the discovery crew look like crazies.   Of course, he has that hubris, as well. If he didn't find it, it doesn't bring glory to himself, then its a hoax. What a Pos. I loathe that guy. Stolen valor faggot fraud. 
 	No! No! No!  NoOOOOOO!  Fuck You And YouR Murderous Whorebag Family Trump Nazi Fascist Scuuum!  What Goes Around Comes Around!  Hillary Will Be President After ROBeRT Mueller Indicts The Cheato Fascist! 
 			Is that post real? It reads like a troll/impersonator of what we all know the Antifa morons say. In essence, we've read this Npc script too many times, has to be a fake account, imo. 
 				I think it is a troll getting his jollies by riling up the good people of Gab. 
 	You Keep On Hating That'S What You Trump Fuckers Do!  ! 
 	You should know that I specifically worded that post with the ultimate purpose of triggering an idiot. Looks like it worked too, since my mentions are filled with all kinds of Caps Lock spurg outs. When I get in the mood, I like to do that. Nevertheless, I agree with your sentiments wholeheartedly. 
 	You should know that I specifically worded that post with the ultimate purpose of triggering an idiot. Looks like it worked too, since my mentions are filled with all kinds of Caps Lock spurg outs. When I get in the mood, I like to do that. Nevertheless, I agree with your sentiments wholeheartedly. 
 "Hold my beer" gone wrong. 
 	Another wetback criminal eating shit and getting his ass kicked all the back to Mexico. Same old same old.  
  
 	I would rather not humanity become Retarded Teletubbies 
 The Hillbilly Moon Explosion                                             "My Love for Evermore"                                             
 The Hillbilly Moon Explosion                                             "My Love for Evermore"                                             
 Full House by J. Geils Band  -   
 	faggot 
 Mazie Hirono is retarded 
    fuck off and die cunt 
 Dm with General Flynn from a twatter friend.   We need to keep a cool head. The Plan is to Vote. Trump and team are in control.   Do not I Repeat Do Not get involved with the caravan.   Let’s Keep America Great!                                               @1776Ninja                    @mysticphoeniix     @1776Ninja                                             @12gaPATRIOT                @1013Lana           FollowTheWhiteRabbit      
 		Reading comments from jerks like you is like cleaning up dog puke. 
 		Well, aren't you just a ray of fucking sunshine!  Nazis.  meh    
 		No one is asking You to do our math homework 
 		Gotta admit it Was funny though . 
 		Did your mother have any children who lived? 
 		Did your mother have any children who lived? 
 A guy named Steven Actually posted this!   Being against Jews is not the same thing as being against all Semites. Therefore anti-Jew doesn't necessarily equal anti-Semite. I have problems with Jews but I love Sumerians and Canaanites and Phoenicians, which are all Semite groups. See post 
 	That's me. Calling me an anti-semite doesn't make any sense because there are many semite groups that I like. I am only anti-Hebrew.  
 		The Nazis didn't murder Catholics. They interned some. They didn't intern Catholics for being Catholic though; they interned them for being retarded cucks who protected commie kikes. 
 This is the Diverse perfect Utopia we are supposed to live in today. The reality is, the Nigger is the pimp drug pusher and the white woman has been raped drugged and trafficked or her children threatened. It`s time for a complete rebalance of the races. 
 For once, Joe told the truth. It's unfortunate that he fails to recognize all of the undoings is actually progress being made for the sake of making America first. Vote to end the destructive agenda of the liberal crime mob; vote Republican in November. |  
 	fuck you and that Obama faggot ,thank god for trump 
 Britain First leader Arrested on charges of "Islamophobia" over an anti-terror speech - Sharia blasphemy law in Britain    
 		Allah was the name of a pet pig that belonged to Mohammad, who he screwed daily. 
 Rt AMike4761    Cory Booker Already Discussing Kavanaugh Impeachment!   Why don’t we impeach Booker?  Conduct treasonous to the U.S.  Tell us about your sexual escapades also!                           
 	Now that I'll participate in.  His Nigger behavior trying to twist up Kavanaugh was Nigger not cognitive. 
 Since women vote emotionally and not logically (in general), the female vote has largely been lost. Between Ellen, Oprah, Williams, and a few other retard leftist, I'd rather have them on the other side of the fence anyway. 
 Democrat Faggot Portland Protester Tells Alleged 9/11 Widow That Her Husband Should ‘Rot In The Grave’    
  
 	The nigger is a criminal  
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		I didn't mean it that way & I agree.   Many good people.  I was just slamming that Pos Criminal thug. Should have worded it different. Just go nuclear about those damn Clintons & all the damage the've done to Usa, along with Illegal Faggot Obama & his manwife Michael 
 Drew Jacobs - Redneck Rockstar (feat. Upchurch)    
 Drew Jacobs - Redneck Rockstar (feat. Upchurch)    
 Stop Communism In America   Dianne SwineStein Has To Go 
 	If Nasty ads Feinstein was a Man or a proven Dyke what she did to Murkowski in the hallway is called sexual harassment, and intimidation. Lisa should press charges. 
 "I feel they [Nasa] are covering themselves as it cools and people begin to ask questions."  Earth's Thermosphere Record Cold & Auroras With No Cme            
 	"Earth's Thermosphere Record Cold & Auroras With No Cme" . With No Cme - what do you expect? How thermosphere should get warm when there are no Cmes to inject energy into it? also Cowboy accent = retarded commentator = bullshit science. 
    Deplorable Npc ,   Turn off the Tv, the media is not your friend. Just say no to Cnn/Fox fake news! 
 	Trump has ensured that his grandchildren will have high Iqs. You can criticize him for that, but his genetic line will have a much greater chance of success than those with lower Iq. 
 		Lol ! Just because a few (Jewish) oligarchs tricked you with Cultural Marxism doesn't mean Jews have higher Iq. It just means you're a brainwashed idiot, that's all. 
 			Measuring Iq is easy and accurate. The facts don’t care about your feelings. 
 					The open borders are so Democrats can get the vote! This country was founded as a Republic,  democracy systematically eliminates the rights of the minority, defined as 49%. Chuck Schumer,  an Israeli citizen , literally shut down the government for illegal immigrants! Israeli Citizens In Our Government!         (idiot) 
 						Get this,  ,  asswipe over here says I'm Jewish.  That means you can Never call me racist again.  Now we can freely discuss the real issues without racial slurs and accusations of White Supremacy,  Idiot. 
 							Now,  let both you retarded losers have any explanation for the Schumer Israeli shut down without name calling and accusations of racism! That's all you liberals do, ad hominem attacks because your debate is null and void.  
 	Only Liberal Women, They Believe Their Masters.  Conservative Women Know They Are Loved And Equal In Importance To Men.  Maybe You Should Hang Around People Who See Value In You InSTEAD Of BEInG Used Like A Nigger By The Same Hateful People> 
 this twat though.he's getting a beatdown by a tranny  
 Yeah.  McCain Vs Obama = retarded voting base.   
 Hahahaha! 
 	What was that? 
 		Turbo saying that Godaddy is planning on stealing and cancelling the domain he spent all his ill-gotten shekels on. 
 			It couldn't happen to a nicer guy.   Fucking GoDaddy. what a complete rube @a is. 
 			It couldn't happen to a nicer guy.   Fucking GoDaddy. what a complete rube @a is. 
 Kavanaugh is better than most on immigration. He was Ann Coulter's #1 pick.  But is he going to impose Operation Wetback 2 by judicial fiat? Of course not. 
 When the fat shameless fuck doesn't clickbait Angry Grandpa's corpse, he becomes a gay faggot for another fat shameless fuck. 
 It's October, I can't wait to see more of that half-wit, half-breed, moron Obama and the mostly retarded rapist Bill Clinton campaigning for worthless democrats across the country. Nothing solidifies my hate for the democrats more than those two. 
  
 	Nigger mad  good ! 
 Muslim cunt jailed for six months in Paris & fined had already been in trouble for pimping & violence;    
  Van Dyke arrived minutes late after lawyers for both sides were summoned to review juror questions & told judge his daughter had been threatened at school. If he cannot show proof today, the judge may revoke his bail.  
  Van Dyke arrived minutes late after lawyers for both sides were summoned to review juror questions & told judge his daughter had been threatened at school. If he cannot show proof today, the judge may revoke his bail.  
 	Have they said how long ? I'm getting questions. 
 		Checked with another guy who's Twat jailed all the time.  Sez Retard will trigger a 7 if reported 
 This poor lad, is worried as to why he can't get a job have you any ideas to help him? 
 	He just wants a hole in the side of his mouth so his faggot boyfriend has another hole to stick his dick into. 
 Lol  
 	typical nigger reaction 
 Kanye hadn't even met with Trump yet and yesterday Cnn was already screaming "Get Yer Nigger Ass Back In The Field!"  - I can't wait to see what they come up with now, and of course, Saturday Night Live won't be able to resist a racist rant or three. 
  
 	"but sex bots are immoral." 
 		Leave  the dumb cunt alone before  I gas your skin to my wall  
 What would you have done?  Shoot or not?  Why?      Article:     Update: On Friday Dunn was indicted on a charge of 2nd degree murder and taken into custody. (42/42) 
 	Who knows what the thief's intention was after getting the axe? Are people so quick to forget the Muzzie attacks using axes? Or the degenerate tranny in Australia? Yes, he deserved to die. 
 Ga-heyhey! 
 	Well this adds quite a bit to the picture who of this guy is.  Angry Gender Confused sorta like the gay muzzie night club shooter. 
 		"Vulnerable exploitable manipulateable useful idiots make the best useful idiots!" -ClownsInAmerica  
 		If a person is not molding their inside, their character to God's natural laws, they are an excellent host to be fooled, manipulated, and  used for evil.   
 		If a person is not molding their inside, their character to God's natural laws, they are an excellent host to be fooled, manipulated, and  used for evil.   
 ório                      *   Hillbilly Hawhide  (Cavaleiros Da Morte)   *    
 ório                      *   Hillbilly Hawhide  (Cavaleiros Da Morte)   *    
 Enjoying watching Trump and his base having their little temper tantrums over the 4,000 people migrating towards the boarder who actually want the jobs that his supporters won’t take 
 	Lee Trumble    is a Left Wing Jew.Spewing his retarded vitriol in the hope of gaining sympathy from the World.The Jews Main Goal is to Exterminate The White Race.That would give this Pitiful Organism Virtual Orgasms for Eternity. 
 If I was tech savvy, I'd create an app for businesses to register their restaurants, stores, services, etc. as politically neutral "safe zones" and for individuals to locate businesses who don't tolerate progressive hate.  
 	I'd like to do it for whites only. If a Christ Cuck don't gotta make faggot cakes. I shouldn't have to serve inferior races. 
 Mexico is letting them pass right through, live at this point. It's like a Circus.  Time to close the Us border, including all trade; Now!    
 	where's stephen paddock when you need him 
 		blow me, faggot 
 Lisa comes down with Suicide-aphobia   Sen. Lisa Murkowski: Brett Kavanaugh is not 'the right man for the court at this time'    
 	this retarded traitor bitch will be voted out 
 How long until its illegal for normal men to turn down a homosexuals proposal for gay sex?        This sphincter aficionado knows he isn't into it, yet persists anyway. The media sits back and cheers at the textbook sexual harassment 
 	Here's hoping that football captain. did something proper about this. The faggot deserves to be sent to Easter Island, btw. 
  @a c/c     There are obvious foreign trolls on Gab, posing as White Nationalists & Trump supporters.   They are currently trying to sow division, demoralize conservative voters, spreading anti-Trump/anti-Republican propaganda, and discouraging people from voting.   This is foreign election interference. Will Gab do anything about this? 
 	Hopefully no. We don't need any echo chambers. If your ideology can't withstand a little shit posting, then your ideology is trash! You political rivals will throw everything they can at you, and it will be you looking like an Npc if all you can do is spout buzzwords. 
 		>I'm not retarded prove me wrong! 
 	Sven and Mike also dismissed Cenk’s position of getting money out of politics.  Which is odd for an outfit that says Jews are the donor class bank roll politicians. 
 		We don't need to "get money out of politics". That's a liberal scam for publicly funded elections. Oh and (((who))) determines which politicians get funding?   What we need is to cut the size of each congressional district to 30,000 citizens per district (as opposed to the 700K+ we have today), as specified by the Constitution.    
 			Even in our current situation publicly funded elections would be positive for us 
 					You’re under cutting your narrative, if Europe has a high caliber of civil workers they should be able to suppress people better than here in America.  This is also ignoring the fact blacks mostly have made up/unnecessary jobs in government. Not leadership     
 						you still haven’t answered the question of how will cutting the district size change the ability of donors to pick candidates? 
 							They big donors can pick as many as they want.   The question is, will their choices be credible? It'll be like the "how do you do, fellow kids?" meme multiplied across 6000 districts. You can't compete with local guys who know the place and the people, and when the district is small enough, traditional and cheap campaign methods (canvassing) are competitive. 
 								splitting up districts that are 60% into sections where whites advantage is so thin that it would only take a few cucks to elect poc reps. If you dont trust them to distribute campaign funds, why would you entrust them creating new congressional districts? Your proposal would also only effect the house. Which was designed to be the weakest body of government 
 									White majority districts do not matter, because -- get this -- zero Congressmen actually support white interests. Zero. Guys like Steve King barely count.   Yes there will be pure nigger districts who elect Kangz into office. But there will also be people like us. A faceless chameleon like Paul Ryan can get elected because he doesn't stand out in 700,000. 
 The fact that a feckless old cunt like Mazie Hirono can be sent to be part of the "elite" Us Senate is mind-boggling.   We must find a way to ensure scum is seen as unelectable. 
 Dear vegans, I ate a cow today because if I didn't it would eat all your food. You're welcome.  
 	Dear carnivorous Eddy i didn't eat all the grass today because if I did your cow would starve to death. You'Re Welcome You Absolute  ReTARDED Backwards Spastic. Every Action Has A ReAction. Eco System.  
 My dear dear, sweet dear delicate hillbilly wife. "Kill the Mf's with tanks, troops, LAWs and whatever else it takes to keep the Mf's out of our Gd country." A quote. 
 	Dear Thomas, please tell your lovely wife that we are adults and that she musn't sugarcoat things.we need to know how she Really feels.:) 
 	I think your wife and I could be very good friends. 
 	Hell yeah! 
 	You're wife is a good woman, you're a lucky man. 
 	Buy that girl a big, fat steak and a nice drink for me this evening.  Send me the bill.  I'll reimburse your expenses.   
 		She's pissed. :-) 
 		The good news is that she has Millions of new friends who feel Exactly the same way.   
 	And she cooks? Damn, son. You made out . 
 		She's crazy as chicken hit in the head by a green grape and mean as a striped snake. But I love her and together we only mess up one household. :-) 
 		Hahaha . Damn, son. Tell her I said hey . 
 	You're wife rocks. She and mine should get together. She thinks the same.  
 		They can be a handful. :-) 
 		For sure! :) 
 	Full Spectrum doctrine. It is a replacement for the Air Land Battle doctrine.   
 	I like your wife already! 
 		Thanks. She has a temper, can be mean as hell, and I love her. 
 			I think my lack of filter helped my own wife to erode her own.  Why pull punches?  Only time I don't speak my mind is at work, and that's less agreement and more staying Mum. 
 	sounds like something my husband would say :-) 
 	With thinking like that you wouldn't be President very long ! The Left Wing Democrats would destroy you ! 
 	With thinking like that you wouldn't be President very long ! The Left Wing Democrats would destroy you ! 
 Um, yeah, right,  98%, right, check-er-rooneeoo.    
 	Beto is gonna get his faggot ass whooped by double digits  
  
 	oH mY gOD DuH nAZIs R toTaLLY dUH SAmE aS mUSLiMS  How retarded and historically illiterate are you? 
 Don't give a Flying Hillbilly Fuck " Deal with it "   Kid Rock - Po-Dunk    
 	 
 	обожаю такую Америку! много оружия - мало негров! 
 	Not sure which I like better:  The rifle or the chick.  Aw hell I've got enough rifles!  Lol. 
 	Not sure which I like better:  The rifle or the chick.  Aw hell I've got enough rifles!  Lol. 
 I haven't had any fairy gay faggot tranny porn spam since the change. :) 
 	   Actually, he identifies as a jewish supremacist whose main ideological positions are anti-White hatred & toxic semitism.   He's not really that concerned with economic and social issues beyond attacking Whitey.   He denies any semitic heritage, & claims that his motivation is self-hatred, driven by internalization of systemic semitism 
 			Your self-proclaimed "adequate literacy" has declined to a new low. I acknowledged your claim of non-semitic heritage, & your insistence that your anti-White hatred is not instinctive, but self-hatred resulting from internalization of systemic semitism. Why do you insist on mischaracterizing this as a claim that you're a member of the Tribe?   Sad! 
 				Um! I see a lot of words there, designed to confuse. But when they are all added up the opposite side of the = reads zero. This must be because you can't post a single anti-white post of mine and wish to muddy the waters so you don't look like a twat for the 5th time. Yes! 
 					Your open admission of your befuddlement (& your grossly inadequate vocabulary) is appreciated.   But your continued feeble attempts at prevarication are pathetic.   Every post of yours is a vitriolic, incoherent attack on anyone who dares to express any positive White identity.   Cite a single post where you have attacked a non-White for their identity. 
 						You might as well give it up for Lent laddy. You've been trying for weeks and you won't win this battle. Want to know why?   Because you're wrong :) 
 							I appreciate this further acknowledgment that your confused vitriol and toxic semitism is directed Only at Whites, & not other races.   Your deep ignorance of even the the most basic elements of the Christian calendar is also. interesting. 
 												This nigger fucking assclown only has 7k followers because he's following double that. Plus using a 20+ year old photo. What a sad sack of shit.  
 	I don't own a small business myself but my father owns one and I worked there through college, doing everything from accounting to janitorial work. We don't pay less than $15   If your business is heavily dependent on cheap labor, you deserve to go under. Sorry. Especially Ca farmers, dairy owners, construction, landscaping, and other trades. 
 		Do me a favor, go show your dad this conversation and come back when he slaps you upside the head with a Henry Hazlitt book.  
 					Actual economic records are inconsistent on the impact of minimum wage increases on unemployment and economic productivity.  Anyway, stop side tracking. I said raising the min wage (w. enforcement) would have the immediate impact of reducing demand for illegal labor. Demographics is our #1 priority. 
 							Because Jose and Manuel (on average) are dumb, incompetent, and have poor English skills compared to Steve and Brent. Their only competitive advantage is if they work for very low wages - what happens when that's illegal?   My father agrees with me on everything - one of the rare baby boomers who cares about the country.   P.S. Tyrone isn't actually black, idiot. 
 																This is like arguing with a nigger about racism and they bring up Jim Crow. Reagan hasn't been president for 30 years, bitching about his policies now accomplishes nothing. You aren't even making an argument anymore, just empty and meaningless hyperbole. Go ahead, keep ranting about Australia, the 1960s and Reagan. Until you build a time machine and can go fix this past, shut the fuck up. 
 		Telling someone you're going is a passive agressive way to display your beta male status. It's all you can do because you are a faggot ass bitch. 
 Police union leader blasts Van Dyke verdict, says it resulted from 'sham trial'   >> Chicago Pd officer Jason Van Dyke convicted of second-degree murder in the shooting of Laquan McDonald.    
 Police union leader blasts Van Dyke verdict, says it resulted from 'sham trial'   >> Chicago Pd officer Jason Van Dyke convicted of second-degree murder in the shooting of Laquan McDonald.    
 Retards are Everywhere.can't even turn around without another Retard standing there looking stupid!  They are Everywhere.this is what happens when Single women try to raise Boys into men.they wind up stupid or.In Prison. 
  
 	Jr. would kick his faggot ass. I hope he kills him. Literally. Cpl needs to go - like all the Left.   Still waiting on you heroes to start the war. So we can exterminate you like the vermin you are. 
 Sent chills through my body  Whiny little faggot soyboy, isn’t he.  
 To those who do not know me, I am a Knight of the Klu Klux Klan, and do not have black friends, simply because they can not be trusted,not all, but the majority and if you cannot trust one then it is best to be safe and not trust any. But if I did have black friends they would be like these two, Mr.Jesse Lee Peterson and Rev. James David Manning. Go on YouTube and listen. 
 	U And Your. Little Freinds. Need. 2 Get Your  Motherfuckin. Redneck Asses. Kicked Lol  
 		You are about one low Iq Nigger piece of shit. You stupid tar baby motherfucker the Knights of the Klu Klux Klan, has been for 150years. And will be long after your thick lips, flat nose, black ass has turned to dust. Lol! 
 Never gets any right this cunt lozydoe 
 		Antisemite almost always means anti-Jew.   No-one says "I'm an antisemite. I hate Jews.oh yes, and a few other Semitic tribes too" lol 
 				I'm not Jewish idiot. And many of those times were 1000s of years ago and most of them were 100s of years ago. Back when minorities were always scapegoated. Especially if they were relatively wealthier. Where are Jews expelled from now? Oh that would be Islamic places wouldn't it. They are shitholes and don't count :) 
 						What's the matter? Don't you like free speech? Want to censor me? Get me off Gab?   That's exactly like your Marxist socialist mates were like on Twitter ;) 
 													Oh, here we go, the shylock can't come up with anything witty so here comes the playing it cool act. What happened to your high verbal Iq there Schlomo? Your hasbara is lame and you are about as witty as the average low Iq israeli. You bore me so take a hike, subversive lying chicken swinging prick asshole and your kleptoparasitic apartheid toilet. 
 			Homo Homer’s -2 score also denotes his dick size  
 				 
 			Sic 'em Gee 
 				Glad you got a giggle, babe, made my day. 
 			Bitch got trolled by a fag. Top lulz.  
 Cnn’s Jim Acosta is one step away from having a meltdown on live Tv. 
 	hopefully. acosta the spic can self-deport himself back to Mexico soon 
 The Roman  founded America per scripture/lprophecy 2B the 2ND Beast of Revelation that forces all nation's to take on the mark of the 1st Beast (Rome)!  Race has nothing 2do with it & no such thing as race either. Morals & Character are the only thing that matters!  
 	I think that might be a step up for this twaddle burger? 
 		.This asshole ><--- is a  Pos who posts stupid irrelevant left/right political bullshit 24x7 along with "white is right" satanic chatter.  He is a crackling thorn under a caldron burning in the fire.    Anyone who thinks they're "cool" and they enjoy his inane rhetoric, you're one sorry excuse for a human being. 
 			Hahaha! You dumbass hebe! Hahaha! You are just ridiculous! Lame hymie! 
 				 Kikes have 2-3% nigger Dna. We're getting Sick of Joo. We will throw you off for good, bagel nigger. It's on automatic pilot. You are Losing, nigger.  
 Shabbat Shalom everyone. Today is preparation day. Make sure you get ready for the Sabbath tomorrow. Make your food tonight for tomorrow to Obey Yahweh's Commandment and not work on the Sabbath Day. Hope you have a blessed and restful Sabbath! 
 	This guy is going to Hell with his father, Satan. 
 		Please don't Judge me before you get to know me. 
 			You don't know Jesus, and the only way to the Father is through the Son.   You are most assuredly damned. 
 				I do know Yahshua (the one you call Jesus.) I believe in Him. I'm a Messianic Jew. Yahshua (Jesus) is my Adonai (Lord) and Savior. My Messiah and the Only brought forth (begotten) Son of Elohim (God.) 
 					I'm Unitarian. Yahshua (Jesus) is not literally God to me. I don't believe in the, "Trinity," which is belief in 3 Gods or some kind of nonsensical 3 in one God thing you believe in. 
 						Damned. 
 							The Bible never once ever uses the word, "Trinity." Not even once. I believe the Bible, which says Yahweh is the Only God there is. 
 									You have eyes to see, yet cannot see. You have ears to hear, but cannot hear. Why do you think its acceptable to break Yahweh's Commandments (Torah) and commit Sin which is Lawlessness? 
 									You have eyes to see, yet cannot see. You have ears to hear, but cannot hear. Why do you think its acceptable to break Yahweh's Commandments (Torah) and commit Sin which is Lawlessness? 
 I did not know Newt's wife was U.S. Ambassador to the Holy See.       Assumed office December 22, 2017 - One day after Eo 12/21        
 		Please tell us how you really feal. 
 		feal about what.  niggroids? yids? spix? towelheads? eggrolls? faggits? commies? 
 Ya know what else is Illegal in many countries? Hate speech lmao fix video features and stop talking you chubby bitch. 
 	@a rn: "Fix the site? I'll go on a retarded crusade against the weebs instead lolz." 
 	 
 	 
 	 
 	Bloody well sick to the back teeth!  Which is why I am grinding them at this very moment!  To ungrind, see my latest posting on music.  Joe Bonamassa and Beth Hart are performing 'Close to my Fire' to provide about 5 minutes of respite from the daily feckin grind! 
 	Bloody well sick to the back teeth!  Which is why I am grinding them at this very moment!  To ungrind, see my latest posting on music.  Joe Bonamassa and Beth Hart are performing 'Close to my Fire' to provide about 5 minutes of respite from the daily feckin grind! 
  versus the  
 		 
 		 
 Just did a full analysis of Christine B. Ford's statements in the Kavanaugh hearings.     I took a stenographer's transcript, eliminated everything not Ford talking, and performed a full analysis. There are a whopping 505 points of interest in her statement (of 3821 words) where words were substituted, out of tense, improper pronouns (a lot of "we" in there), unnecessarily renaming things (car/vehicle, restroom/bathroom) in the same statements indicative to change in perception about the object names.    There were 13 "but" turnarounds where the aft-but statement contradicts the fore-but statement (But = Behold the Underlying Truth - usually what comes after is the most important part of the statement). There are loads of words like "because" "cause" "so" "since" "started" "began" "continued" and "proceeded" which all indicate perceived ideas of cause or pause. These are often riddled throughout made up stories, especially concerning rape. A rape victim can never know why a rapist rapes, nor will she lend pause to the crime of rape.Cause and pause lend to the ideas of foreknowledge of the "event" - another word she swapped out for assault a few times - something no true rape victim has, foreknowledge a rape will occur.    There are a multitude of "believe" "believed" "assumed" "think" "thought" "guess" "guessed" "surmise" and "surmised" statements (which show internal illustration or lack of certainty).   Then several "house" and "home" statements - she claims that she doesn't remember if it was a "residential home or country club," but her words deceived her 11 times in the testimony where she called it not only a house, but also a home, which is a term of endearment made about a place we feel safe at. She probably spent more time at that place than with her parents, as she even stated "went back to my parent's house," after.   She refers to Kavanaugh as "a kid" in a "group of kids" and "a boy/the boy," 19 times. Words like "kid" "kids" "boy" "girl" "children" show that they were never formally introduced and likely didn't know one another well at all. She even states "since that incident, until July 2018, I never even spoken the name Brett Kavanaugh."   She also contradicts herself a multitude of times with how things went down and how she escaped, just from one paragraph to the next. She states she escaped, but also states they stumbled away down the hall as she went across the hall into a bathroom, then casually walked out the front door. The bathroom is interesting as she called it a restroom before ("I asked if I could use the restroom," "I went into the restroom," "when I came out of the restroom") then consistently a bathroom after, as in something inside changed her view of it, like cleaning up after. Also, people that have done something wrong often include bathrooms in their narratives, as it is often a way to express that they came out clean after. When you are discussing a sexual allegation it is a detail that seems out of place. Usually the rapist or sexual aggressor will be the one that mentions the bathroom, not a victim.     She doesn't even remember if it was Kavanaugh that pushed her into the bedroom, or if it was Mike Judge. She also keeps mentioning a P.J. that was there, but no context as to why she mentions him, only that he was "tall and a nice boy." She speaks passionately and inclusively about Judge yet dismissively about Kavanaugh. In the same way you would about that kid that sat behind you in Chemistry that seemingly remembers you, but you can't remember him.     Flat out, 100%, this chick is lying beyond the normal meaning of the word. 
 		I don't think so, because this isn't an actual circuit court trial, although they are treating it that way. It's weird. I think they should. I also think they need to start taking rape allegations more seriously and the accuser needs to have repercussions. If I falsely accuse you of murder and I get busted lying, I'll go to jail. If I accuse you of rape, and it's found I'm lying, it's like I get an uncomfortable laugh and told not to do it again. The allegation of rape needs to be taken much more seriously, both ways, and it needs to stop being a media circus. Even when they say, Kavanaugh didn't do it -- his home life is still ruined.  
 		I don't think so, because this isn't an actual circuit court trial, although they are treating it that way. It's weird. I think they should. I also think they need to start taking rape allegations more seriously and the accuser needs to have repercussions. If I falsely accuse you of murder and I get busted lying, I'll go to jail. If I accuse you of rape, and it's found I'm lying, it's like I get an uncomfortable laugh and told not to do it again. The allegation of rape needs to be taken much more seriously, both ways, and it needs to stop being a media circus. Even when they say, Kavanaugh didn't do it -- his home life is still ruined.  
 Poland Demands WW2 Reparations From Germany  Claims Germany only paid enough money to cover one percent of all loses  Express - October 5, 2018     
 	it's just a way to apply pressure on merkel to retard the giant fistfucking she is about to do with the Eu aid given to poland. 
 What a cunt  
 Cnn is unreal     
 	Don's lays next to his white faggot boyfriend every night.  Gives new meaning to shoving up his ass. 
 evangelicals will have the feels worse than if they just forgave twenty nigger raping gangs 
 	If I got on a flight and found that the attendant was a nigger, I'd ask to be moved to another flight. In flight meals are bad enough without the added nigger spit or other bodily fluids. That's if you don't die of starvation waiting for the lazy she-ape to serve them. And then there's being locked in a plane for several hours with their monkey stench. 
 An attention-starved thot felt stressed, so she stripped naked and smeared period blood all over herself before posting pictures online to feel empowered. 
 		worse? She's wet & still hanging . 
 		Gives me the creeps 
 		Gives me the creeps 
 	This Macho Racist Nazi Does Not Fear Anythig well except a single solitary black man. just one single black man. and to prove he isn’t scared shitless of a lone. single black man he is going to post a pic telling everyone to cross the street if you see a single solitary white man. Positively fearless. right.got it. 
 		I Definitely Don't Fear Faggots like you or Demon Monkey Apes. My Message was for others, as i Rarely Think of Myself (Not a Self Centered Prick like you). & White Guys don't Pull Guns/Knives on you & Kill you over a Pair of Sneakers. You're the Dumbass Type that Needs a Real Lesson in Life by a Nigger Thug, & you still wouldn't Learn b/c you're a Brainwashed Fool. 
  
 	No fucking way 
 		common core 
 			* Nigger Core 
 Feinstein Says Friday Vote ‘Too Soon,’ Moves to Keep Fbi Findings from Public    
 	I tried to call feckless cunt Feinstein's office to tell her that Fbi results Must be made public, but their line was too busy to take the call. 
 hey arron rodgers, choke on that D ya fudge packing faggot 
 Bette is kicked off the plantation. Wait until Candace Owens gets a hold of this 
 	That nigger Brazile spelled "respeckfully" wrong. 
 I didn’t know apes knew how to work a camera, let alone use his middle finger. Know one cares nigger what you do, or hv done. U only got there cuz ur liberal teachers were to afraid to fail you cuz you’d chimp out. Man watching this arrogance slide into fear is going to be wonderful. 
 The oldest staged/fake event?   Nigger on White crime fake too? People are really always peaceful right? Any real deaths in Wwii? Easier to always believe or always say its fake than Think. 
 The lying twat refused to be interviewed in the investigation She Demanded. She withheld evidence from the Fbi. She has trained herself in self-hypnosis and has lied about a dozen things under oath, Including prepping people to take polygraphs.   
 At least Jesus was Real, Odin is a made up Fantasy (Suitable for Comic Books) to get Vikings to Fight Harder in Battle. 
 	And "Vikings" were peaceful, only Christian propaganda depicted them as barbarians. 1000's of years of worldly explorations and we never tried to conquer anybody. 
 		You don't know anything about the Vikings, i happen to like their Conquests & for the Record, i am Half Norwegian/Half English myself. 
 			 Have you seen that they’ve recently been finding tons of Viking artifacts in Iceland/Scandinavian area? 
 					Just today I saw they found a Thor’s hammer amulet for the first time in Iceland. So cool.  
 					Just today I saw they found a Thor’s hammer amulet for the first time in Iceland. So cool.  
 Yes,  is anti-Christian. Unabashedly. We don't turn the other cheek. The meek will inherit Nothing.   Embrace your   . Eschew all forms of .   "Where you see evil, speak out against it. And give No Truce to your enemies." 
 	Every week I'm berated by some  for being "too anti-Christian", but what choice do I have?    routinely gloat about their purported success in destroying , even though they have not managed to do it. They hate 10,000+ years of indigenous   culture.   Am I supposed to support them, or stand idly by? Hell no! 
 		I do not see Christians gloating about killing pagans without some prior attacks levied on that Christian. Christians hate the Aztecs over their 10,000 years of human sacrifice and cannibalism. Is that wrong? 
 				I rarely see pagans attacking Christians with "critical thought". 99 times out of 100 pagans are attacking Christians using strawman antics that do little more than show the pagan has zero fucking clues about Christianity, or what Christians understand or believe. On the rare occasion that a pagan posts a legitimate critisism of Christians or their faith, Christians jump at the chance of defending their faith and do so with civility until the ad hominems and strawmanning commence. Then, righteous indignation prevails in the form of hostility and insults. 
 					"fucking" "with civility ". Are you american?   You work on your image a bit. I don't need to discuss about anything near the mind let alone spirit with you. 
 							"optics cucked faggot " hahaha. You want what, qualification? Well have fun with your little web rage, great Xtian unthinkable. Come around, and talk about "attacks" again anytime. 
 I don't hate Jews, Africans, Europeans, Indians, Mexicans, Asians, or any race.  I hate Communists, Socialists, Fascists, Imperialists, Feudalists, Tribalists, Welfare freeloaders, human sponges, and locusts.  A Godly society only needs a few things: Freedom (Freedom of Association, Freedom of Religion), right to keep/bear arms, & Capitalism 
 		     - Is goody virtue-signalling?- or just picking words out of a hat?- or maybe reducing a book report for his 9th-grade teacher down to 300 characters or less. 
 		keith goody is a cuck. 
 			This is what happens when you sniff paint I guess. 
 				Trouble is.it was latex paint.heh 
 					! 
 				Sweet boomer burn +1 
 		anyone wanna take bets on him being a boomer? 
 		anyone wanna take bets on him being a boomer? 
 Jennifer Lewis, the race traitor bitch Dems are running to replace Goodlatte in the Va 6th. She's got the endorsement of fagth, gun-grabbers, Now, unions, etc,:     She had a policies page where she got specific: Daca ain't enough; amnesty for the wetback parents, etc. Then I sent email "encouragement". ha 
 Gab began purging users yesterday, including some of my Llc's customers.   Gab is dead. 
 		yeah I def had a few of those 
 		yeah I def had a few of those 
 You prob live near to me ya cunt lol 
 I can never have a job again, this faggot crap. 
  
 	The next man makes a move, the nigger gets it! Hold it, men. He's not bluffing. Listen to him, men; he's just crazy enough to do it! 
 Like i said you jumped on my thread. Look back at your busy interfering comments. Fuck him creepy. Didn't answer about if you said i have a rich husband. You did and you lied. Last thing did you jump on my thread. Or did I jump on yours. Typical femanist retard  
  
 	Allah Snackbar ! You Cunt ! 
 St Marks powder plant. . Looks like they were ground zero for hurricane Michael. Never been there but hope their structures handled it.   St Marks is one of the two modern smokeless power mills in the Usa. That's right only 2 supplying all domestic production, for military&commercial ammo, and reloading. #2A   Any one have any news? This could effect prices! 
 	F-22's gone from Tyndall airbase, as well.   
 		"We anticipate the aircraft parked inside may be damaged as well, but we won't know the extent until our crews can safely enter those hangars and make an assessment."  I bet every dollar I have the Chicoms know! This is the most retarded crap the Air Tards have puled in years. $140 million aircraft and $100,000 cheap ass hangers to shelter them in cane country? 
 Lying Pos Montana Democrat Jon Tester Says He Goes Hunting - But Hasn't Had Hunting License in Over 6 Years (Video)    via  
 	He looks like a dyke that lives down the street.  
 What a thick cunt  
 Cunt 
 Dark Shadows (2012) Pg-13 1h 53min Comedy, Fantasy, Horror   Stars: Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Eva Green  Watch Full Movie Free     Watch Trailer    An imprisoned vampire, Barnabas Collins, is set free and returns to his ancestral home, where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection. 
 	This was horrible. So retarded it wasn't even mildly funny. Depp stepped in it big time when he did this one. 
 Hey     You're a faggot   Checkmate 
 This whole thing just stinks of the deep state trying to start another conflict/war. I hope Trump doesn’t take the bait.      
 	Trump knows the only real journalists are unpaid patriots, all others have been killed off or silenced. I don't know anyone who gives two shits what happens to a retard reporter. Trump will analyze the situation and play the media like a fiddle. 
 I can't help but wonder if Ricky Vaughn kidnapped the AltRight's leadership  some time in early 2018 and replaced them with programmed dopplegangers.     "Don't do anything in public, guys."     "We must hide behind the Internet and not get in Trump's way."     "The Gop is our only hope."     "White Taqiyya is the way forward."    I want the 2015-17 AltRight back. 
 		Is there any actual evidence of Ghoul 'dating' a tranny? My understanding is that this was Daily Stormer faggot propaganda, part of their campaign to attack anyone who didn't follow their Jewish agenda (and was competing with the red shoe fags for membership dues). 
 	Someone with a family doesn't want to give violent leftists their real name? Say it isn't so. 
 	Also, if a man can put on a dress and call himself a woman, then Tommy can call himself whatever the fuck he wants. Fucking bigots. 
 Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.    
 	Republicans will Totally Bomb Christian Villages And Christian Airports who claim to be fighting "For Al Qaeda". oh and "Democrats will not" But what i said is True?  Lolllll Do you see how Retarded It All Is?  Both Parties Suck Ass!  
 Bring it, bitch.    My gun is bigger than yours. 
 	So tell me then, nigger what do you think is gonna happen after open season ends? Oh thats right youll go back to killing your race and people. Its all blacks are good for, autoimmune freaks. 
 Charity Fraud 
 	did you know bono is gaelic for thieving nonce cunt ? 
 His name was Brandon Arndt. He helped his black elderly neighbor only to be killed for his good deeds. Perhaps no one ever gave him this sage advice, avoid the groid.    
 	It’s critical we keep away from the nigger beast. We must keep them down. Don’t employ them. Get them fired. Call the police on their suspicious activity. Keep sending their sow sluts to the abortion clinics.  Make the nigger know from birth they are unwanted beasts. They are subhuman burdens on Whites.  They must be treated as the parasites they are. 
 Bye Bye Retard 
  5-yr-old  has been sexually assaulted whilst using her school's transgender bathroom by a  who identifies as "gender fluid."   Oakhurst Elementary School in ,        
 	The whole thing is a globalists invention to destroy the younger generation and it’s working. The elite are devil worshippers and this is what they want.  
 		You nailed it, This is the globalist muzzie infiltration of every part of the west.to tear it apart. 
 waiting on you to revise your 2 month old twat about free speech, bucko. @a   
 waiting on you to revise your 2 month old twat about free speech, bucko. @a   
  
 	sick cunt 
 	sick cunt 
 	Unless a person got to choose what body they are born into, what difference does it make what color or Dna you have? God gave you free will to do what you want and be who want.  
 		Let me ask u something tho, cause I know I wasn't answering your question like you wanted. What does it matter how I perceive you racially?  I know black and Mexican guys that are way more redneck than me. So are they more white the I am? 
 To Democrats. everything is rape   Where was she keeping her phone that made it feel like rape?   Inquiring minds. 
 	fuck you ,you retarded bitch 
 The Bbc never emphasizes the religion of a criminal . unless it’s to point out that he surprisingly isn’t a Muslim. 
 	the ringleader of Bbc is not a journalist - but just a huge walking cunt 
 "We're staying,'' George Kirn said. The couple was making their third trip to Pensacola Beach and is staying at a hotel on the beach. "It's just Mother Nature."    
 	I was in the water when Irene hit St Kitts, I was alone, but it was magnificent. It was only a Ts then, but turned hurricane when it passed. Had to cancel our Seaside vacation last year when Irma hit the Redneck Riviera, went in May '18 instead, it was fantastic. 
 	I was in the water when Irene hit St Kitts, I was alone, but it was magnificent. It was only a Ts then, but turned hurricane when it passed. Had to cancel our Seaside vacation last year when Irma hit the Redneck Riviera, went in May '18 instead, it was fantastic. 
 Look at how fat this cunt is. I bet she can't even reach her ass to wipe it. She must scoot on the carpet like a dog to wipe her fat ass! 
 >tfw actually a foul-mouthed retard 
 His name was Brandon Arndt. He helped his black elderly neighbor only to be killed for his good deeds. Perhaps no one ever gave him this sage advice, avoid the groid.    
 		Just another dumb nigger showing off his 68 Iq points.  
 	You're dumb for stating the obvious without considering the probability. I think I would like to kill you 
 		Well take a number and get in line then fella lol 
 			Threats online are as effective as insults, if you get upset avout online comments you are automatically a snowflake and have let the interwebs win. Don't be a snowflake. They are many Cater but not so savy ya 
 				Lol They are welcome to come and try Bernard. All ready for any that do. Agent Marxist Orange and True Shit have been "coming to get me" for well over 1.5 years now. Still waiting ;) 
 					2014 was when I first joined Bluehand,was introduced and slayed them from then on. Hunters or socs driving them insane. They weren't too shabby themselves as trolls but in the twatter was on thr side but it was good fun wiping them up 
 						Twitter is now more even handed it seems mate. Left wing trolls get banned quite easily. We have the Clean Up Crew there who go around sorting them out. Most have blocked me now lol 
 							Good to hear,won't be going back tho. It was more attention than I like. I keep it simple stupid as it were,too old to play with twatter these dayz. Gab is enough information for me. I'm no slave to the t.v. so radio and Gab is all I do. Be well friend and stay vigilant against Evil  
 										Nice Npc commentary. You do know it is possible to see reality (which is distinct racial differences), & believe carrying through on mild racism is moral (because every group has a right to secure its existence), and not actually need to hate anybody right? 
  
 	America is dead because my faggot grandpa forced his kids at gunpoint to go to school with niggers 
 I know I'm new here but I thought I would get a welcoming Community from you, all I've gotten is to good people out of 20 racists, people we were agreeing on a certain subject but when I interjected that you shouldn't judge somebody based on the Dna that they hold then I became the target 
 		These sort of comments might get you play with the friends that you already have, but in the long run are you sure you want to hitch your wagon to a bunch of losers? Join me in an open discussion of our ideals and let's find out how different we are, because I can guarantee you I am older and uglier 
 		Cry me a river  . Npc confirmed.  
 		I just figured out what Mpc means, judge for yourself 
 		I just figured out what Mpc means, judge for yourself 
 Gab Management has been totally irresponsible in providing a forum for unabashed Nazis and antiSemites. There are limits to free speech, and a mute button is Not the answer. There’s nothing socially healthy about the free public exchange of blatant hate speech. 
 	nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger ur wife takes nigger cock cuck boy nigger nigger nigger nigger 
 Guys a retard , who wants attention  
 	I feel your pain.  Try telling some soyboy in a Verizon store that you just want another flip-phone to replace the one you had.  Actually had one sneer at me and say, "Are you scaaaaaared of smartphone!  They're not that hard, you know."  I complimented him on his sales technique and got my damned flip phone. 
 		Yeah my grand daughter told me that I needed to upgrade. I said what for I have a redneck iPhone and a stilus. She looked at me like the Rca dog (today's terms - Valley Girl).  
 		Yeah my grand daughter told me that I needed to upgrade. I said what for I have a redneck iPhone and a stilus. She looked at me like the Rca dog (today's terms - Valley Girl).  
 News  First Look: The Cw Releases First Photo Of Lgbtq Batwoman In Costume    
 	Cw?  Cunt Whore network?  This is one I will not be watching.  Pure garbage. 
 You claimed that Adolf Hitler, who murdered 6 million Jews, was morally superior to Trump because Hitler wrote Mein Kampf and didn’t cheat on his Nazi wife during the 40 hours they were married before she killed herself.  
 	"who murdered 6 million Jews" I'm done. This faggot will never stop sucking kike dick. 
 Ok, listen up antisemite filth.   from now on, me and based  will be reporting each and every one of you to the cyberpolice.    Enough is enough. I’m watching you. 
 		enjoy jamal's dick in prison, niggerlover 
   Nothing like John Ward ripping apart faggot house nigger Don Lemon, a black 40 year old virgin, a fat freakish house nigger cunt feminist and a token white trash talking head. 
 Good Riddons To A Troublemaker            
 	She always tried to make a story where there was none instead of just reporting actual facts. Even at Fox she was more a sensationalist than most of the other talking heads, except Shep. That faggot is like a teenage, drama queen. 
 'Refuge Hotel' Exposed In Toronto   Please repost as you see fit    
 	What? 
 		Just burn it down, only way to get rid of the muzzie roaches. 
  
 	Wonder why this pathetic little brainwashed twat is recording this. 
 I wish We had a Donald. Congrats America!    Kavanaugh Confirmed: The Era of Liberal Judicial Dictatorship is Over!      
 	now repeal the Lbj nigger rights act 
 Gavin Mcinnes claims to be straight right before he tongue kisses a flaming faggot in front of a crowd. I need no further information 
 64% of Hispanics have Iq scores too low to enter the military.     Source:  
 		Well it's like any large corporation.  Upper management hopes the have the smart people come up with well documented processes that removes the need for smart people so you can hire cheap dumb drones to just follow process.  This never works very well in reality, we'll have the Wall Mart of militaries.  I'm sure someone will get rich off the whole thing though  
 		A future Us military will likely try to adopt a Wwii Soviet-like military doctrine of throwing masses of expendable troops at the enemy. The only problem with this is that nonwhites aren't going to be willing to die for Zog. I foresee major morale problems.  
 		there is nothing good about the genocide of white america. This will end with violence. That is one way to sum it up, briefly  
 		there is nothing good about the genocide of white america. This will end with violence. That is one way to sum it up, briefly  
   death threat aimed at  james goddard & danny tommo 
 		‘Suck my balls.’ That is why he is angry, wants to be openly gay, Islam says no.  
 		This idiot did more hate crimes in this one speach than have landed none moslems in jail.  I made sure I let them know on YouTube.   Not that it will make a difference.  
 		This idiot did more hate crimes in this one speach than have landed none moslems in jail.  I made sure I let them know on YouTube.   Not that it will make a difference.  
 Pete Meets His People              
 		Nah, just a retard  Don't need to put in the word 'Intellectual' to describe this pirate 
 Official story: a zionist mason mass murdered some children who were protesting against Israel.   Anyone who tells you this guy is a hero needs to take a volcano bath. 
 		Cartoon (((Neo-Nazis))) are really great for our movement. 
 			Movement's are fucking retarded, all you do is complain about israel and dont seek to find the real truth, just some retarded alt-right white nationalist at most. You promote cucky optics like the little bitch you are, please just leave gab you are just making yourself look bad. 
    fuck off zog cunt   get rid of all these trans women   nuke the lot chuck em out the window   death to feminazis  pieces of human excrement like brighton 
 Make outer space white again! No more money for nigger welfare! Put whites back on the moon! Whites in the stars! 
 The ceremonial swearing in of Kavanaugh is this afternoon. He was actually sworn in Saturday after his confirmation. That's faster than a hillbilly father with a shotgun pulls a wedding together.    
 Illegals on welfare destroy rental unit - pics 21-24. Just like an ep of "Hoarders", haulers came, emptied unit - truckloads! Remaining pics are after garbage was hauled out. 
 		Sick depraved and disgusting 
 		Precisely! You simply have to have something messed up in your brain to live like this. It's inhuman - and with 2 children, no less. A teenage girl and a downs syndrome girl, about 9 now. 
 		Too bad you didnt call dcf on their asses 
 		Wish I would have. No one ever saw the unit until they moved out - those pics are exactly how they left it. They got it furnished - destroyed everything. It's like an episode of "Hoarders". And you wouldn't want to smell the odors coming out of there! 
 		Nasty 
 		Nasty 
    How on earth can ~half of America be retarded liberals?   Democrats=terrorist animals.   Democrat terrorist mob swarms &attacks innocent driver in Portland.   Radical Portland should be quarantined off from rest of the world and left to rot 
 Honestly this post smells of based nigger to me too. But I'll let it be 
 	Lol. Soooooooooper Cunt 
 more african violence.(((media))) hides race   6 sheboons try and stomp out a White guy.   
 	A bunch of Racist Retarded Democrat Pigs! 
 Not bad for a corporal of humble background.     
 		Well, I think you take the prize. You are the most retarded faggot I have ever seen on Gab. Their are plenty of Israel first bootlickers on Gab but you are the biggest brain dead fool I've seen. Don't stop, you are comedy gold. 
  
 	suddenly, a mentally retarded Jew is a good source for quotes.rollyese 
 LeBron to Produce 'Friday The 13TH' Reboot.  
 	that dumb nigger doesn't even know how many days are in a week. 
 Welcome to Gab High Tech Redneck 
 Welcome to Gab High Tech Redneck 
 Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!  Donald J. Trump added,   Doug Millst   .@Flotus holds a 6month old baby at the Greater Accra Regional Hospital in Accra, Ghana. The First Lady handed out teddy bears and Be Best-themed blankets donated by the White House to young children and their mothers.     6:13 am - 2 Oct 2018 From Houston, Tx   10:22 am - 2 Oct 2018 
 	First time nigger sees Beauty 
 Do some people really want to get Hiv? I spoke to 'bug chasers' around the world to find out - The Conversation Uk   They literally want Hiv . Why are we living in a world where people get sexually aroused at the thought of having to take medication for the rest of their lives? Victimhood gone haywire 
 	Wtf? 
 			Gayds was brought to the west by a faggot airline steward, and originates in Afreaka (like ebola), almost certainly do to niggers fucking apes, you racial turd. 
 Lawmakers and Leftists Continue to Push ‘Get in Their Face’ Tactics  via  
 	Lock n load. Let these twat waffles get in my face! Dare them! 
 Not In My Name!’ Gina Miller Mocks Brexiteers as ‘terrorists’ ahead of protest march  GInA Miller has compared Brexiteers to terrorists, urging the public to reject Brexit    
 	She's a cunt nigger  
 Faith Goldy can go fuck herself                      
 	She's playing a very tough game at the moment. Let's cut her some slack for now.  
 		Goldy’s shitshow shot at being mayor is just the ironyspergs trying their (((infiltration))) tactic. Same impotent nobodies that felt the need to cry about Partick little (Partick Casey,identity Europa, spic fuentes, rose, various other dweebs)  all are friends who privately Dm each other.   
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	What is the world coming to?  Suggestion (for the retarded idiots who believe in gender fluidity) for convicted criminals: Penis = men's jail. Vagina = women's jail 
 	No one is listening to your desperation and made up stories pussyboy.  
 	No one is listening to your desperation and made up stories pussyboy.  
 Israel’s Education Minister Wants Shoot to Kill Policy Against Palestinian Children    
 	They want their children to die as false Martyrs, so shoot them. 
 		Imagine your land is stolen,  occupied by a foreign people who control world media, and when you fight back against your oppressors, world media labels your people terrorists.  Fuck Israel and every vile cunt who sides with them. 
 		Imagine your land is stolen,  occupied by a foreign people who control world media, and when you fight back against your oppressors, world media labels your people terrorists.  Fuck Israel and every vile cunt who sides with them. 
 The people on here suggesting that banning cartoon child porn and banning racist speech is an apples to apples comparison are goin' feet first into the woodchipper. This is non-negotiable. 
 	Certainly child porn should not be permitted!  But obviously all Racist askeNAZI Jews and Leftist Democrats should be stopped also, not that they are intellectually capable of a discussion anyway!  How do you stop Retarded Jews and Democrats from joining? 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Wtf? Out of curiousity, I decided to check this out. I have never seen a more racist show in my entire life. Every Nigger male is paired Only with a White, blue-eyed blonde female. This is the extreme of racism. This shit needs to be ended. White girls with White boys Only. End of. 
 ok guys which one of u is this?     
 	probably some retard on the nigger weed looking for clean piss for a drug test who is about to make the sex offender registry. 
 Destroy the Dems November 6th    
 	Does Maggot Maxine even understand the impeachment process? Does this low Iq skank parasite understand that 67 Senators would need to vote to remove? 
 		I am in her district.#43. and feel helpless against this monster  
 			Get out if at all possible, you are surrounded by criminally retarded voters.  
 	Ok. 
 	I’m an atheist but so are most Jews, I really don’t see them pushing religion aside from their defenses of Islam lmao 
 		Then why "Israel". Why not Zion. State of Judea. Palestine. Jewish state. No, why. 
 		Then why "Israel". Why not Zion. State of Judea. Palestine. Jewish state. No, why. 
 John K Stahl    Hrc is going to wait until after the Blue Wave fizzles out before starting her 13 city tour with Willie in tow. Would you pay to watch this SuperSkank make excuses for her rejection?   
 	A full three months before the Nov 2016 presidential election reported by Fox News "just a handful showed up for her campaign stops leaving her speaking to almost empty halls, rooms, stadiums"   Do you Really think she has Any influence Now? 
 		I'm nearly Certain Satan is regretting that deal.  Though thank God she made the deal.  Since the Devil didn't get his soul, that Cunt didn't get the Office. 
 	If they knew about the Muzzie Invasion they would be turning over in their graves.  Uk & Us both need to deal with this Invasion  
 The shooter in Pittsburgh is probably going to be a "pretend" white supremacist Trump supporter. Just watch. Another false flag attack? :/ 
 	Nope. Jew-hating nazis hate Trump. These bastards are mostly anti-Trump. Wake up!                
 		You think I've not seen that? I'm the one that calls these neo-Nazis "fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches." 
 Someone bring that faggot a pillow wielding immigrant Cna stat! 
 Kevin Bacon, Michael J. Fox, Susan Sarandon Urge Voters to Support Gun Control Candidates    
 	Sorry Michael J. Fox and Kevin Bacon, but fuck you both. Susan Sarandon is a moronic cunt as well. 
 We are dead and this is Hell 
 	The comments take the reader down to lower depths of hell: e.g.,   "what stands out to me most is how irresponsible it seems to put yourselves in situations where your children cannot get in touch with you. You put your phones into airplane mode?"   Yiss Thass D Reel Problem Folx   Ur Phonez       
 		How much do you want to bet he's a nigger and she's a mudshark? In a real poly family, every member knows about everyone. Kids are raised by the group of adults who all live together. This mess looks more like a nigger buck who can't keep muh dik in his pants and a mudshark mother who can't get her priorities straight and who puts up with it rather than lose the buck.  The daughter is at the bottom of the priority list, being kept in the dark and forced to live a lie by a selfish mother. I'd sue for emancipation too if I were that girl. 
 Oh dear. 
 	Rape jihad is caused by breastfeeding? 
 		Just a retard cunt shitlam follower!  
 I don't believe this.   Obama was president for 8 years. We never had anything like the problems then that we have now under Trump. He stirred up a huge backlash, which we continue to absorb, and the Gop fights for nothing but tax cuts so we have really just been getting screwed 
 	Same debate has raged for decades. Every election is the most important ever. We had massive heated debates about McCain and Romney. I do think it's important to vote Gop if a Dem is the President for gridlock purposes. I like gridlock in Dc. With the Gop it doesn't matter - you get gridlock even if they have majorities except on their neoliberal economic agenda 
 		This is truly the most important election ever because Tax Cuts 2 is on the line here 
 			Don't forget boots on the ground in Iran. Pompeo and Bolton just can't wait to see some rag head children being burned alive.   All it takes is one conveniently timed terrorist attack on American soil + nonstop pro war propaganda on Fox and talk radio. And thanks to shills, we on the dissident right are going to bear the political burden. 
 				The Gop wins and millions go to sleep and we get screwed over and no matter what happens there is always some rationalization. If the Democrats were doing it, the same people would scream bloody murder 
 					Die for Zog face down in the sand goyim scum! Die for liberal democracy and fag marriage goyim!  Whenever I see conservatives I want to call them faggot lovers. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 Professor claims that to argue that Islam is an inherently violent religion is both utterly false and ahistorical        
 		Of course it's utterly false. Islam is not a religion. 
 		Of course it's utterly false. Islam is not a religion. 
 So many tears. Lol! 
 	Faggot not welcome 
 I’ve been pretty quiet lately because I’m deep behind enemy lines. That ends soon, get on the ColeTrain mother fuckers!  
 	The Nigger Train? 
 Just got back from a two-day trip to the Kansas City area where I bought a large 72 x 36 Church building of over 5,000 sq ft.   Regrettably I rented it out to a bad renter who let his dogs shit in the building, took one of the doors off the hinges broke 4 windows.  So today I bought tools, locks and plywood,fixed the door & hinges, changed the locks, boarded up  windows 
 	Sorry to hear of your troubles. Knee Grows or Zogbots? 
 		Just  anglo-mestizo or whigger trash with four or five dogs allowed to shit in the house generating thousands of fleas.  
 	politics is cringe 
 	 
 	 
 Georgetown university professor calls for murder & mutilation of Gop senators 
 	Funny how people can think this way without a shred of physical evidence, a plaintiff who can't remember anything about the day in question, multiple witnesses who clearly state she is lying, a defendant who actually has evidence to show he wasn't there, and dozens of letters vouching for the defendant's character. Like I always say, Social Justice is just a politically correct term for Mob Justice. 
 		Cowardly old ladies like this remind me of the filthy cowardly muslims talking the young filthy muslims into using dynamite vests.   Pathetic that they will have this kind of thing keep her job but if someone says nigger they're unempolyed instantly.  Overt anti white racism is encouraged today. 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 	His name is: Jordan Hunt.  (aka. Jordan Cunt)   He's a hairdresser in Toronto.    
 		I forwarded to Laura Ingraham. Thank you so much! 
 			P.S.  We should call him Jordan Cunt from now on. 
 			P.S.  We should call him Jordan Cunt from now on. 
 		All Socialism Produces Poverty, Misery, and Death. Meanwhile, you can't prove that #Q is fake, cupcake. Maybe kiss and make up with the Red-Pajama Brothers.  Pathetic. 
 			You are wrong again. Merely repeating your original insanity doesn't make you any more right.Roflmao 
 				All Socialism Produces Poverty, Misery, and Death. Meanwhile, you can't prove that #Q is fake, cupcake. Maybe kiss and make up with the Red-Pajama Brothers.  Pathetic. 
 					You're stuck on stupid.Roflmao 
 						 Q proves himself fake every time he makes outrageous and false predictions, which has been on countless occasions. Are you just trolling? Bc I find it hard to believe you’re being serious.  
 							Me? I've told bovine Q was a fake joke several times in the past. 
 								   Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q  is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives.     
 												No, don't know a single one. This guy is too stupid to believe it anyway.lol 
 Holding back, or is that the ugliest retarded thing you could imagine? 
 These people will eventually be held accountable for lying. Its all on video. What do you think is happening? 
 	I'm 100% with our guys, and making this comment with respect to you.  If our guys struck this nigger after he was down, then maybe there should be an appropriate penalty.  The issue I have is that it's not a ticket or probation, or a month in county, but so far a combined total of over a decade with more to come.  The trial and sentence should be about what took place. 
 Most Blacks are not very smart in America with an average Iq of 86, and this is why most Blacks are easily programmed.   My opening Fact is a True statement yet to any retarded lefty who actually cannot understand FactS they will view the Truth as hate speech, yet is a verified Fact.  The races are not equal and neither are the sexes.  If you view any FactS that I just said are hateful, please take your Npc brain away from here because your lack in intelligence will not understand a thing I say.   From my perspective, I will tell you that I view an Iq of 95 and below to be technically Retarded simply because a civilization goes to hell if the average gets lower than that.  That really is the simply reason African countries as a whole are complete shitholes.   Since the Racist Jew who as we know did slavery in America, not white Europeans, have programmed the Black person thru the media and school that white people did slavery, which is of this a complete Orwellian inversion just like they do everything else.    It is a Fact that Jews are Racist as evidenced by the Jewish Supremacist owned media and vile Racist moral sewage of Hollywood.  Couple that with the Racist Hate groups Adl and Splc and it is completely definitive that Jews as FactUALLY Racist!   But do to their control of the media and infiltration of our schools, they have programmed people or Npc’s the opposite of the Truth, hence the inverted nature of our world.   The Racist piece of sewage Jew George Soros stated I’m going to bring down the United States by funding Black Hate Groups. We’ll put them in a mental trap and make them blame white people. The Black community is the easiest to manipulate. Yes, George Soros is that disgusting and the simple fact that he is not hunted down and rounded up proves the inferior Jew is everyone’s problem   Thus, thru rap music and other garbage, the Jew has convinced the lower Iq Black community that White people first did slavery in America which is false, and that it isn’t the Jew bankers who caused their suffering, but white people.  Jew’s are obviously all Racist pigs, but they see this as a divide and conquer opportunity for control.  Only a Jew would ever be so deceitful to do something like this as all other races actually have empathy.  Not the lying Jew of course.   In an effort to destroy history much of what white people have accomplished the Jew has convinced Black people somehow that culture was significantly done by Black People when it mainly has been done by white people.  Beethoven, Bach, Shakespeare, Voltaire, Socrates were all white men.  All significant composers , philosophers, opera creators, etc, were in Fact white men.  Yes, they have been able to convince Blacks otherwise as Jews are too busy lying, stealing and murdering to do anything decent with their lives.  Jews vile racism towards white people is clearly evident with their manipulation of Blacks to be racist against whites for the specific reason of division.   To be continued. 
 Yep, the littlest dogs yap the loudest. You're nothing more than an ankle-biter. 
 		I hear the yapping of a man of negligible stature. Yap on, little man. Someday you'll be able to debate without threats of violence. In your case, however, I'm certain that it will take many, many years for you to grow up. 
 				Still waiting for that growth spurt, little fellow. Hahahahaha 
 					Sure  
 						It's going to take a long, long time, wee Johnny. 
 						It's going to take a long, long time, wee Johnny. 
 On Bbc Newsnight, "Sophie Cook" explains why the word "woman" is now being spelt "womxn".     
 	 There are too many shitbag retarded mentally ill these days. 
 . Hope U Like Dee.   . 
 		Strong Women Use Strong Language Dee. Ur Definitely Born Again Hard. I'm Trusting Our C in C To Handle The Opposition. That's Why I Gave Him My Vote. Now It's Our Patriotic Duty To Give Him More Support! 
 			Damn straight        
 			Damn straight        
 	Depends on how it is expressed. If it is faggot looking to be edgy by pretending to be a Pagan without any racial connection to the past then he/she is merely a faggot LARPagan. 
 The thought of Brett Kavanaugh holding his hand over his my mouth while he rapes me.  It makes me so Wet! 
 	your butt must be wet cause your a dude 
 		I'm a Girl, you faggot loser! 
 Ditzy Dame: "I found these bullets on the ground. people make me sick"        
 	clueless cunt 
 no. not true at all. you only need prove that you were in fear for your life, not that you actually were. for a small woman, a 6' man with his bare hands can put me in fear for my life. what am i going to do? punch him out? 
 		Truth.  
 			no, that only happens in non #2A country, in which -- we've already established -- i will never live again. 
 			no, that only happens in non #2A country, in which -- we've already established -- i will never live again. 
 Twitter makes Me .Furious .    Look what they've done to Pastor Andrew Bronson!   Why Because he thanked Donald Trump for bringing him home?   Because he prayed for on National Television?   This Is Out Of Hand !   Smh.                                
 	  & Suck The Biggest Bowl Of Dirty Dicks.  Is A Fucking Cunt Liar.  
 The caller was great, real smooth. Lush played it off but I could tell he knew what the caller was talking about. I lost my shit when the caller brought up the Uss Liberty, lol. Then I had to get of my truck and yell at a nigger pouring cement wrong. 
     Ebony Magazine Leaves All 6 Republicans Out Of Profile Of Black Candidates 
 	Mia Love is an affirmative action nigger in the woodpile - open borders multicultural neocon 
     
 	Unacceptable. Time for nigger death until order is restored. 
 good god is that hideous nigger an actual human being? 
 Hillary Clinton should be renamed Hillary Clitoris as she's part of the world's biggest cunt - Globalism. 
  
 		Sir I think you forgot to take your soy 
 		Sir I think you forgot to take your soy 
 Local news programs are a combination of:    which nigger or Mexican committed the crime;    sappy human interest stories gleaned from the Facebook and GoFundMe pages of SWPLs;    weather drama; and    muh sportsball. 
  
 		Crossing the Border did not turn anyone into a robber, rapist, or murderer. That is why we want checks on those who enter. These are fugitive aliens; not just those seeking work. Yes, crossing illegally is a bad start. It teaches them the wrong thing from the start.  
 		Hence, the step to murdering Americans is easily made and no big deal.  Illegal Is Illegal. Invaders do not simply "cross the border."   
 		Hence, the step to murdering Americans is easily made and no big deal.  Illegal Is Illegal. Invaders do not simply "cross the border."   
  
 	I have an H bomb meme in my arsenal too, but it's less retarded than yours: 
 Breaking:  He was a gay escort out of the Seminole Hardrock Casino in Hollywood Florida. What is it with the dems?  Why all the pron stars, tooty fruits, creeps.  By 2005 cesar's career as male stripper was fading, and he was into meth/coke (apperently injecting meth into his butthole with turkey baster!) Where does  find these freaks?   
 	Looks like a Maga conservative to me. 
 		The jews pimped him out.  he had so much of that pozzed out commie jew cum pumped up his faggot ass it got into his brain and caused his Npc program to malfunction . obvious  plant   
 Are you a Nazi?   This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab.             
 				Don’t you have some nigger cock you need to be sucking right now? 
 Oregon Governor Kate Brown  Misuse of Public Funds, Conflicts of Interest, Graft & Corruption       .   Anyone else notice every single Never Trumper   is ripping off and betraying the trust of the American people.   Just makes me sick. 
 	Lock That Communist Cunt Up, Bring Her To Trial, Then Hang Her. 
 	She is all that and more.  Remember she got in by pushing a write in campaign.  Hope Alaska remembers! 
 	The Kow is only loved in Alaska by the left and Native Corporations.  She represents the worst of mankind. a little girl who got by on her dad's name and couldn't think her way out of a bag of muktuk. 
 	took the words  out of My mouth! 
 	Evil is evil.  If Murkowski on Saturday votes No great Patriots in Alaska have the Right to Recall her & Replace Her!  Do It! 
 	Nicely said  
 	Maybe this is the straw that gets her replaced.  
 	Nothing to apologize for. Your profanity seems to be high quality 
 		 
 	Yeah she evil, but i’m Sure she was threatened by Feinstein. Still that’s no excuse to vote No. 
 Not be.  Just pointing out the facts, when the Muzzie idiot ran the Nation into the ground!   
 Cnn Fake News Host Brooke Baldwin Doubles Down, Paints Herself as a Heroine for Banning Words ‘Democrat Mob’ From Broadcast [No, Brooke, That Makes You a Stooge] 
 	Cunning unnerving neurotic trash. Oh, Hell, I'll just call her a cunt for short. 
 	You'd fit right in with sharia law. Calm your tits hillbilly. 
 		Hillbilly with tits or spic? ? Lol. 
 Sitting in faeces for hours, fed ‘pig slop’ and given the wrong medication: Inside scandal-hit aged care home where elderly patient was beaten by a worker              
 	Why hasn't that Indian cnt gone missing , if that was my old man that nigger would be in a Box now ! 
  I looked up one of the claims you made repeatedly about Harvard being 65% Jew sourcing Hillel. I found that it's false and pretty obvious to verify. Harvard is actually only 12% Jewish. What retard is doing your research for you?  
 Remember that time when Gary The Retard said he didn’t like Niggers? Or when the parrot from Aladdin said Can we get a round of Applause for killing Jesus Christ? 
 It tells you that a fuckin piece of shit nigger only looks out for himself and nobody else  
 		I'm claiming you are a goddamned retard if you believe most jews sre leftists  
 Rosie O'Donnell wants military to 'get' Trump from White House    
 	Roflmfao  Dumb Fat Ugly Cunt    Only Happy When Eating At All You Can EAt Restaurant    Obese Skank 
 It was his gift to retarded doves of lesser iq sanz grease lightning 2.0 xlax sanz  
  the Beta Blocker stops  in .    
 	The little faggot and the rest of his kind should be destroyed. 
 Some cunt on Twitter called  got my account pulled for saying the Honduran rapefugees should be carpet-bombed. If you still have an account, please consider reporting her for targeted harassment. 
 	They also come in handy for the Marxists to get rid of problem citizens, and they have been used in that capacity before. You can tell the socialists who are in denial from the ones that are serious about reconstructing society based on which ones want to keep easy arrest laws. 
 	They also come in handy for the Marxists to get rid of problem citizens, and they have been used in that capacity before. You can tell the socialists who are in denial from the ones that are serious about reconstructing society based on which ones want to keep easy arrest laws. 
 Chelsea Handler: My White Privilege Makes Me Feel ‘Very Gross’    
 	 
 		This smegma eating cunt is to humanity, what syphilis is to romantic love. 
 		This smegma eating cunt is to humanity, what syphilis is to romantic love. 
  
 	ill say what everyone else wont.shes a fuckin nigger lover! 
 You a sick freak! Faggot 
 I'm an American Jew and have been on Gab since the day they started in August 2016. Yes, there are some hateful jerks here speaking freely. But I'm a mature adult and can handle it. I just don't follow them.   The majority of us here on Gab are nice people who want to have Free Speech. 
 	I just mute the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. Problem solved. 
 Perfect. 
 		Hey, don't jump me. I liked the meme & used it.  
 		Wasn't meant for you, just venting.   MAGA2020! 
 		the english language turning to pigeon english  
 		Dumbing down America, its the lefts way to control. 
 		Dumbing down America, its the lefts way to control. 
 Says the literal Npc who still listens to controlled op faggots. Calling Social Democrat Societ Union Natsoc in any way is about as retarded as the Anglo case against what happened on the Uss Liberty. You don't have one.  
 faggot garbage from Hollywood . . normalizing it don't need Netflix to get your daily dose . . most sitcoms have a queer or two my wife gets angry when I change the channel . . if her sitcom or movie tosses in faggots I will use my discernment . . I have that right shes like . . "they all do that now" . . "not in my living room they don't" "deny Satan and they will flee" 
 Do you Really think that racist paganism is any More attractive to such people? 
 	Yes an We Know It 
 		The funny thing is that the exact opposite actually happened on a massive scale. That's why there are thousands beautiful churches across Europe.  
 			Yea I am White that stay's away from middle eastern sand nigger shit  
  
 	that ugly whore is so retarded she cant wipe her own ass 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	What's this retarded shitlib doing here? 
 Lol must not have kids and must be married to a beta mcfaget. I’d have to pull my wife off of her before she beat her ass with a measuring cup and a swiffer 
 	worse. she's a dyke 
 You point an unloaded toy gun at me and I will break your fucking arm in three places, slowly, for my own personal enjoyment. 
 	Are all Antifa-gs this stupid? 
 		No, You are Stupid! 
 				I Can See It Now!  She Will Win!   November 11th!   The Prophecy Shall Be Fullfilled!   ROBeRT Meuller Is Releasing The Info-Guillotine On Drumpf THIs November!   He Will Be Removed From Power!   Pence Will Resign And So Will Ryan!   And She Who Is  Will Be !   Beautiful is it not. 
 					Ok so this is a parody account after all. Nobody can be this drooolingly stupid in real life. 
 						sorry to tell you, yeah some people are that stupid. this twat tried to sub to me.  
 the trs guys are decent people as people(most of them) but they’re too suburban and have the wrong instincts for the position we’re in.  People can say what they want about Spencer but his general strategy of being actively attacking the Gop is correct.  Trump’s most impactful moments of 2016 were not when he was attacking Hillary but rather the Gop. 
 	1. That is why I have stopped critiquing Spencer. He is correct on attacking the Gop and having marches.  2. The Trs guys are Not decent people. They are human filth and must be doxed, their lives ruined, and then discarded politically.  Any questions?  
 		Anyone with a gay face and a Sargon mask probably is low Iq. Go suck your faggot Trs cock the fuck away from me, retard.  
 Over the weekend while I was away attending a funeral, my sweet baby cat Nera died.she was the best cat I've ever owned, and was truly unique.   It breaks my heart I wasn't home when she passed.I hope you'll indulge me posting a photo and a painting of her. The painting was done by Candace Wagner  last year.   Please give your pet a hug or pat before you leave the house, each and every time.    
 		 Somebody is grieving their dead cat so you thought this was a good opportunity to show off your slick new vocabulary with 𝘧𝘢𝘯𝘤𝘺 𝘸𝘰𝘳𝘥𝘴 𝘧𝘳𝘰𝘮 𝘦𝘹𝘱𝘦𝘯𝘴𝘪𝘷𝘦 𝘣𝘰𝘰𝘬𝘴𝘛𝘔, like comorbid?  
 			Your additional diagnoses (comorbidities) are rather important aspects regarding your pathological Aspergers (Hfa) brain disorder.   Trying to write them off as "fancy words from expensive books" just won't float.   In fact it's a rather obvious attempt at manipulation.   Besides, you Like "fancy words from expensive books". 
 					Did I trigger a spelling (punctuation) flame from an Aspie?  Really?   Somebody usually tries that sophistry (lie) about Asperger's being Gone because it's no longer in the latest Dsm at least twice a month. It was only Renamed, the disorder did not magically go away. It's officially now called High Functioning Autism (Hfa). 
 					I can't for the life of me figure out why an Aspie (as you call yourselves) would like to be more closely linked to the vegetative end of the autism spectrum.   I study the 14% of autists that are Hfa (Aspies) but know very little of the other 86% (Lfa) but aren't they like human vegetables, curled up in a ball? 
 					If you read up on Dr Hans Asperger and the history of Asperger's syndrome you will run across the term "pathological Asperger's". You don't even need an expensive textbook for that. 
 					If you read up on Dr Hans Asperger and the history of Asperger's syndrome you will run across the term "pathological Asperger's". You don't even need an expensive textbook for that. 
 You say theres no point in debating nazies because their too ignorant, then you post a picture saying fascism isn't to be debated. This whole post is retarded lul 
 I think the proto-Indo-European hunter-gathers of ancient Western Europe (ie. Neanderthals, stone age man, Gaul, indigenous Europeans) looked a whole lot more like Dirk Nowitzki, and a whole lot less like the retarded dirty apes the kikes want you to see. 
 Communist China didn’t have very intelligent leaders. 
 	Name a single Chinaman that has ever espoused this opinion in public.  Pro-tip: you can't.  Btfo Bigots. 
 Once I saw a friend sticking up to me against a detractor saying "She's not anti-Christian, she's just." I piped in "No, actually I Am anti-Christian. Let's just be clear on that."    My religion does not preach turn the other cheek. The meek will inherit  
 	 the  putting religion before race by attacking Pro-White Christians. (((Who))) else attacks Pro-White Christians?     Our race Is our religion 
 		You are full of sh*t.   No Pagan can be ''race traitor'' in that sense, because our religion is in our blood, our race is our religion.   You are a Christian. Your religion is religion of race alien and hostile to White race.   And, no, jews are Not white, have never been White and never will be White. 
 			Sand nigger lovers 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 What a shameless piece of shit. 
 		precisely why Obozo appointed her 
 		Call someone a whitee. No big deal. Call someone a n***** The world goes nuts. To be blunt. Don't want to be called a nigger? Don't act like one.   
 You know what's great about Gab. I can say 'Fuck you, retard, I don't care what your faggot ass likes'. Don't worry, I don't like little goat-fucking soyboys, and the mute button works both ways.  
 Rt Fuctupmind    Has anyone ever measured the inner diameter of her privates? Just curious.   Stormy Daniels Sorry for Mocking Donald Trump's Penis | Breitbart   via    
 	Her cunt looks like a giant tomato  that had a wagon wheel run through the middle of it  
 	Poetic justice for the nigger to have a dad in jail teebeeaitch 
 Stop Communism In America   Dianne SwineStein Has To Go 
 		Get fucked pussy jew loving cunt . You personally are Trash. Trash. Only Trash accept equality with inferior races.  
 Before Leftist Media Deletes It.         
 	Rush is already telling America he's a Right Wing Extremist.    Wah? 
 		No, Rush said the media is already portraying Cesar Sayoc as a right wing extremist. He said that Heavy had to have had Cesar Sayoc's birthday to verify his party affiliation, and Rush said he couldn't confirm it because he doesn't have his birthday. 
 			I'm seeing he has all dem affiliations on twatter,  whatever this mylife.com stuff is. No Way this guy is conservative.   He's a Dnc schumck.   Just a little digging should turn that up.  Although nobody will report it anyways.    It's all very, very disheartening.     It all is.     And NoBODY will be held accountable for Anything.    ________________________________________________ Fusion Gps / Fisa Abuse / No Hearings? / No Judges? / No Applications? / Rosenstein / Brennan / Clapper / Mueller / Rice / Power / Rhodes / Illegals over American Citizens / Unmasking / Obamagate / Fbi / Immunity / Bleachbit / perjury / Huma / Mills / Weiner / Laptop / Blackberries / Irs Hard Drives / Smashed. / Foundation / Caravan / Ms 13 / Open Borders / Abolish Ice / Socialism / Unsecured servers / Voter Fraud / Scope Memo? / Uranium One / Pervert Island / Blumenthal / Bergdahl / Steele / Doj / Strzok / Ohrs / Page / Yates / McCabe 700K$+ / Comey / Memos / Leakers / Lynch / Soros / Tarmac / Dnc server? / Awan It / Seth Rich / Taliban 5 / Benghazi / Holder / Consumer Protection Agency / Fast and Furious / Las Vegas? What Las Vegas? / Dnc Fraud / Podesta / Mook / Palmieri / Fallon / Jarrett / Obama / Hillary / McDonough / Priestap / Ig Report / Treason / MsM Censorship / MsM Soft Civil War / Awans Walk ! / Benghazi / Taliban 5 / Berghdal / Voter Fraud / Feinstein China Spying 20 Years / Iran Ransom 
 				Nobody except this poor, retarded asshole. 
 United Kingdom: 'Tony Blair says there is a 50-50 chance of another Brexit referendum'   
 	Tony Blair the traitorous Cunt can fuck right off! 
 	Tony Blair the traitorous Cunt can fuck right off! 
 I turned on The American Music Awards show for a minute. What part is American? It is All Black. One big nigger ass kiss. What the Fuck. 
 Barbra Streisand Uncovers Bombshell: ‘Donald Trump Has Never Owned a Dog’  Bahahahaha  
 	Retarded Hollywood Jews and their deranged minds. Damn, where was her family hiding when Hitler was on a rampage? 
 Oh ffs.   The sluts that are posting these uncorroborated and unreported to police rape allegations on this site have got to be the most disgusting skanks in America.  This is the Feminists response to Kavanaugh/Trump.     The goddamn Salem Witch Trials had more integrity.     
 	Fam, please report yourself for mind rape and dine and dash violations as well as Ghosting.    Flood it. It will become a joke and pointless. Report yourself for rape if you wish, it’s fucking retarded and means nothing. 
 Gab is just for shitposting because @a has no spine.   If it's going to be just conservative Twitter, then what's the point?  Alternatives:   MeWe - already there, look me up, just send me a message first.   Akasha project - still slow :(.   Steemit - It's Blockchain reddit.   Additional suggestions welcome. 
 	Fuck of then cunt and good riddance faggot. Xoxo 
 How do you get a nigger out of a tree? 
 Am I the only person that never really liked ?   Everything about him was way to contrived 
 	You’re not the only one   But from a guitar perspective, he really was unbelievable. Very unique style, creative, outside of the box, tasteful, innovative.   Listen to the live version of Machine Gun from the Band of Gypsies show   or the long version of Voodoo Chile from Electric Ladyland   or Born Under A Bad Sign from the recently released Blues album 
 		Even with all the idiotic nigger babble before every version of Machine Gun I cannot deny it is a monument of electric guitar playing. But if we want to get racist about it (which I for one do) he could never touch Stevie Ray Vaughan as a technician 
 	faggot 
 "Powerful" 
 	Let's push this meme.  We really want these women to brand themselves so that we can identify them and avoid them. 
 		Wow! (omg),,, sooo cutting edge and bold. It's is so small an hidden,, it's sure to make a big impact!  More Propaganda for silly Noobs to drink up! (In Style Lame)!  A real genius who thought up this concept.  
 			Yep.  Feminists are just one piece of a retarded group know as liberals.   
 yes yes im faggot of course  robert bowers is the way the light and the truth - end sarcasm. 
 its only bad when its against gay people     
 	if this is what the effeminate minority want to do with their freedom then bring on the straight vs faggot war 
 I thought  was against offending people, but this  has no problem offending millions upon millions of Americans who support Potus .     
 	obviously it's not enough, the cunt is still breathing 
 The Left: You can love whoever you want   Also the Left: If you don’t love who we say, you are a bigot 
 	Ok, still not going to date one. 
 		you say that today; liberals will pass a law that requires you not only date one but marry one and have babies withhim-her-it   De Blasio Signs Bill Adding Third Gender, ‘X,’ To Birth Certificates       note the liberal 'actress' newscaster is reporting this with a straight face 
 			Ok, I'd like to know how? It can't make babies. 
 				oh contraire   liberals say they can do anything their demon minds conceive, even change God's natural laws not in defiance of  but of God Himself   Men having Babies Funds Men who want to be Biological Parents    
 					 
 						Bunch of faggot motigators. 
 Her and her Faggot daughter. 
 Catalogue:  0254   article:  
 			Exactly. 
 			Exactly. 
 Do not become faggot in old age!    
 I posted this meme at least 100 times on Twitter, and I meant it. I even paid to be Pro and was verified.   Because Gab was the only alternative to Facebook and Twitter censorship from the Left, I was willing to tolerate Gab's open door policy to vile racist declared Nazis. I blocked at least 50 of them, but every day are more. So don't say I was never a supporter of Gab. 
 	Well aint u a silly nigger faggot.haha 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 It would be a real shame for the dems if people saw this pic of the Dnc deputy chair at a communist "May Day" parade in an "I don't believe in borders" shirt. A real shame.     
 	M F Woman Beating Faggot. Put some mitts on bitch & step in the ring. Otherwise Miss Me With That Male Feminist Soy Boy Misogynistic Violence Shit Faggot Nigga  
 1/ Wow, if you want to see total and full humiliation, watch Megyn Kelly apologize for defending the opinion of using blackface as part of a costume for Halloween.  It's seriously cringe-worthy.    
 	More cringe-worthy was the Nbc show Superstore aired the same day.  They actually say it’s ok to dress up in a costume if you are honoring said people.  Hypocrites.   
 		It's so retarded when ppl use that line "what if I'm honoring this person?"  It's Halloween, you just dress up for fun.  But now I hear that line all the time.  "My daughter wanted to dress up as Ariel bc she's a strong role model."  She's a half-naked cartoon.  Get over yourself, lady. 
  
 	your brain is damaged, you miserable cunt 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
  
 	Fuck moslems 
 		In your dreams, Muzzie trash!  Not gonna happen!   
 That's it, abandon your people when they're lethargic. You're as retarded as a boomer. Hitler never abandoned or hated his people. He fought for them with every single breath he took. That's what we Ns believe in. That's the moral that you qtards lack 
 too many guardian articles are like this 
 	"Sam Soyman" Nice pen name faggot 
 0 passed himself off as a Christian to get elected, reelected then came out of the closet as an islamofascist when it suited him. It's a leftist thing.    
 	SambObama 1/1 nigger 
 I always love it when people act like they don’t understand why Gab is slow. We’ve been down this road many times people. Pull it together there are Feds watching all over this place show some dignity. 
 		Is it a 4 member band and can others join? Lol 
 		Is it a 4 member band and can others join? Lol 
 Prediction Poll   With  2 weeks before the Election, bombs were sent so far to Soros, Obama, Clinton and Cnn. Who is behind all of this? Place your bets! 
 	I'd bet it was Soros bodyguards who may also be a left wing retard but may also be just a very well paid mercenary. On the other hand maybe there were no IEDs and it was simply a pitiful attempt to deceive the electorate thought up by a left wing retard. 
 	I heard originally he goes back to being a "nazi" at the end but ed Norton is a faggot and had it changed 
 How can any honest person not call this Cnn segment racist? - Kanye is what happens when negroes don’t read - Kanye is token negro of the Trump administration - "Black folks are about to trade Kanye West in the racial draft - Kanye’s an attention whore, like the president    
 	Oh, but it's okay to call rightist blacks "uncle tom nigger oreo" and still not have it be racism, because it<insert any reason that covers for the desire for unrestricted power>.   
 		eyes are opening. they're realizing they've been had, and kanye is such a good person to be the one pointing that out. 
 		eyes are opening. they're realizing they've been had, and kanye is such a good person to be the one pointing that out. 
 She seems distraught. Hahahahahaha! 
 	And still on Twitter ? 
 		You can do that kind of shit on Twatter if you're a left wing retard and not have to worry about getting suspended. 
 Please listen to me, I am a White American Woman that's a registered Republican, who voted for Trump. I own guns. I support free speech, I pay to be on Gab. I fought porn spammers, I fought obscene violent anime child porn posters. My birth name is Christina. I love my Country and you my Volk. Please stop hating "Nazis", we are not your enemies. You must listen to us.    Antifa are Communists, far left.    Antifa stands for Anti-Fascist.   Nazis are Fascists, far right.    Nazis arrested Socialists, Democratic Socialists, Communists and Anarchists. 
 	Nice "I am a proud American Trump supporter that owns guns" introduction. You might as well just say you're an American Zionist. 
 			Nazis are retarded bc they uncritically follow 1933 propaganda despite knowing where that leads. They honestly believe the things the call for won't be used against them. They think it will actually work the way they expect it to. They revere a man who didn't have the spine to take accountability.  
 The Migrant Caravan is returning, this time 10 times larger than the last one.  Spic Train's sounding louder   Ride On The Spic Train   Ooh wah, ooh wah   Here comes the Spic Train   Migrants getting woker   As TheY Shout "Puta Trump!"   Ooh wah, ooh wah   Bring on the Spic Train 
 "Sorry For Being !"     's take           If they hate it so much, have the option to check out.   No need to apologize.   Those who worship their  as a Religion a.k.a. Blood & Soil is called  
 	what a retarded bitch 
 Now There is a nigger bitch. If you make us we will put your asses back in chains. 
  
 	Every Eu commissioners every thick twat  leader must die painfully with their families    2 lads against 10   The cunts must die 
 Faggots are like a broken record. When they aren't going "sssllluuurrrppppp sssssllluuuurrrpppp sssssslllluuuurrrrrpppp"  its  "da jooooooooos"  Fucking peter puffing short bus riding retarded ass clownshoe wearing corn hole licking nazi queers. 
 What's up faggot 
 Breaking: Retail marijuana sales begin in Canada, now largest country with legal national pot marketplace - Ap 
 	Canada has another reason to go down besides Islamic pandering, new age political correctness, mentally ill politics, etc. 
 			I'm not buying shit from these retailers that sell this biological tampered waste. I don't smoke period. Wether it's Tobacco Or The reefer. I can't stand either one's stench. 
 			 The results of pot access are not improving people they like to think so but it’s not happening in reality  
 			 The results of pot access are not improving people they like to think so but it’s not happening in reality  
 This Is Why, you never fly with a muslim pilot, or, muzzie cab driver for that matter.  -   They will kill you.  Look at Flight MH370  -  muslim pilot. Dead passengers.   "The incident airplane descended to an altitude of 100 ft (30 meters) above ground level and overflew the first airplane on the taxiway," the report said.   "The incident flight crew initiated a go-around, and overflew the second airplane on the taxiway before starting to climb," 
 "In facing Islamism, our elites have betrayed us", says French top journalist in mindblowing interview    
 		No, we can't feel sorry for the French nor anyone throughout the Eu. Voters allowed this to happen to their respective countries. Americans, beware, this could be us if the demon-crats gain control. 
 		It was a scam, the Dems do that in America but we were lucky.  Clinton could have won but then again neither are behind bars yet so we're not there.  French elections could have been rigged, like Swedens.  Go thing there is Poland and Hungary who don't allow this nonsense to exist. 
 		It was a scam, the Dems do that in America but we were lucky.  Clinton could have won but then again neither are behind bars yet so we're not there.  French elections could have been rigged, like Swedens.  Go thing there is Poland and Hungary who don't allow this nonsense to exist. 
 Alaska Gop Senator Lisa Murkowski being badgered in a hallway by Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Ca).   Body Language 
 	Murkowski should have kicked Dianne in the balls and beat the shit out of the dyke 
 Its just like I’ve been saying all along. Eli made up some lies about me. Then he and Spencer took over the on the ground control of the event from me. 
 	Call me retarded if you wish.  I merely asked a point blank question, and you've answered it.  I feel the least retarded way to go about these things is to examine the evidence and arrive at pragmatic and sensible conclusions. 
 oh i can't wait to tell your older brother what kind of retarded crap we get up to. 
 There is computer code written into the fabric of the universe according to String Theory, which has proven different dimensions.     
 	i'm not watching that. we don't need a nigger to tell us something a White man put together. Fo. 
 I feel sorry for Megan Kelly and her blackface comment   the word nigger ,or its derivative ,is used about a half of 1 billion times per year in rap music which black people buy and also use it between each other.   Therefore anyone should be able to use the word nigger without any blowback.   Why?  Until black people demand that the word nigger is removed from all rap music all YouTube videos and all media n until they stop using nigger between one another in daily talk, blacks should not dare accuse anybody of being racist. because in fact they are hypocrites    here is that link    
 I have read a lot of more retarded things here at gab than your posts. :tongue:             
 "white womyn must divorce themselves completely from white men" 
 	Says the blue-balled nigger loser who can't find a mudshark of his own to beat on and murder. 
 	Niggers now get a free pass from the Jews media for blatant racism, violence and hostility towards non-niggers. Just yesterday in my local paper there was a story about an un-named teacher who's accused of raping a 10 year old boy. At first there was no info on the teacher and it was a brief, facts-only article. Then later in the day it came to light that the teacher was a young nigger sow. Immediately the whole tone of the article changed, it was edited and filled with sexy pics and flattering selfies of the sow, and a several paragraphs long description of her singing talent and career, and all the things she's done in her community. The article changed from a description of a crime against a child, to celebrity worship of a nigger whore.  In other words, the sow gets a free pass for raping a child because she's a nigger. Since this is Coonaduh, she'll get quick bail and a lighter sentence as well.  
 	James Fields and St. Bowers were treated the same way. Remember that white man! 
 	James Fields and St. Bowers were treated the same way. Remember that white man! 
 	He gargled 10 loads that night  
 		Well, you're a snotty little cunt white-trash whore  
 So many Whites are just lost: living under gross moralistic illusions about reality, alienated from their own identities (and kinship, always the correlative) and thus deteriorating in bondage to their enemies, the orcs and archons of the Demiurgic System. As Heidegger wrote, Only a God can save us. 
 		Didnt really understood but white have been converted. 
 		Didnt really understood but white have been converted. 
 @a, @e, , this is all bullshit if you allow the threats to continue.         And yes, I have called the  
 	@a, @e, , maybe the  is infiltrating gab since this incident, but they do know about the threats since I've put them on to the threats you allow on gab.   
 			And the nazi killed jews today 
 			Read @a andrews post again,   
 			So @a said the doesn't allow threats, but he did. So as it really is, they only get suspended after they kill. 
 			So @a said the doesn't allow threats, but he did. So as it really is, they only get suspended after they kill. 
 Yep.  Nazis are faggot ass queer cock smoking butt boys. 
 >But Muh Illegal Spic Chilluns       
 Typical expected reply, Not Jewish have no Jewish relatives, faggot fuck yourself You are just a follower that to be part of a crowd denigrates the Jewish people without even the slightest or actually knowing what they are or what they have accomplished. You are just a low Iq wanker that just likes to be seen as a Jew hater for no reason in reality! Fool. 
 Rant About Ms Dick London Police. Fyi Lots Of F Bombs   he was on one in this rant, venting your spleen is good for you.               
 		and double taping innocent Brazilians running for the train. 
 		We've just got a face facts for this country to change all these current crop of arseholes need to be removed and the problem I foresee is this we are not going to be able to achieve that by political mean's the three certainties in life the Ballot Box the ammo box and a coffin box where do you think we are 
 		We've just got a face facts for this country to change all these current crop of arseholes need to be removed and the problem I foresee is this we are not going to be able to achieve that by political mean's the three certainties in life the Ballot Box the ammo box and a coffin box where do you think we are 
 Nazi's are not your friends.  They just want their silly war so they can kill the Jews.  They don't care about you.  All they care about is their hate. 
 	Most of us didn't wake up and want this war.  The Jews are taking the war to us.  We didn't start the war, but we won't back down. 
 		What war?  All I see is a lotta whining on the Internet. 
 			Go ahead boomer faggot 
 If pornomaterial isn't inline with what our founding fathers had in 1776 than what makes you think hate speech was? The founder's created the first amend so people couldn't be punished for criticizing the gov. I didnt see anything about the freedom to call someone a nigger or faggot. Not until the supreme court included hate speech like they did with porno 
 If pornomaterial isn't inline with what our founding fathers had in 1776 than what makes you think hate speech was? The founder's created the first amend so people couldn't be punished for criticizing the gov. I didnt see anything about the freedom to call someone a nigger or faggot. Not until the supreme court included hate speech like they did with porno 
 Ford thinks President Trump was harsh she should come check out Gab! 
 	This Cunt Ford is a putrid, festering, bloody, pus filled infected, itchy boil on the asshole of humanity. 
 You keep that shit up and you'll be hanging from a tree nigger 
 Hey dipshit, didn't Donald Trump campaign on everything I just said to you? bad free trade agreements and mass unemployment? Grow the fuck up you retarded old geezer and get back to the real world.  
 	She immediately downvoted my post to hide it, so I'll just repost it on my own account: she's literally using the same logic she's criticizing.  Oh, so "diversity is our strength" is an Npc line?  Fine, what about "love your race"?  How is that not an Npc line?  And yet everyone on Gab is all excited about this meme, proving they're also Npcs. 
 				Whatever you do, don't downvote his posts guys, you really hurt his feelings that way! 
 						Dude, you're a subhuman who doesn't realize the difference between hiding a post (like Reddit does) and it appearing lower down the reply chain. Physician, heal thyself.   Then again, you're still incapable of grasping that the Us was pretty much White Supremacist until that True Conservative decade, the 1960s. 
 					If you look at his replies seem like he's obsessed with gays and homos Typical jewnig 
 I also joined as a boy soldier at 15 not allowed to fight until 18 unlike this young man I didn't lie about my age. First operational tour 18 years & 4 months. Look at the twat on the right. May have broke his mother's heart but he wouldn't break mine.    
 	the enth of those who fought for te biggest load of cunts of zog, and Gallipoli another massacre by that zog cunt Churchill fuckte uk elites they need to die in trench 
 If you are a nigger rapper and need to bash Trump to get attention, you suck as a rapper.    
 	You are part of the problem with that attitude. 
 	The problem is 3rd world immigration and anti-white propaganda. The solution is eventual ethno-states for whites. 
 Don't worry.  It's pretty much the same entities that do it to everybody.  Don't feed 'em and they eventually go find easier targets to trigger.  As James Woods says, "Instablock"  ;-)  Welcome to  !   
 	Shut up nigger lover 
         @2sense                    
 	So, now we’re all racist neonazi.white supremacists.priceless .jesus christ.so much for the blatant abuse. 
 		Fuck off putz.that poor American guy is a bit violent.you moronic.I don’t give a god damn what fucking color he is. cunt 
 Ron Desantis ,Republican candidate for governor of Florida  told a Jewish audience that if elected he would be the nation's most pro Israel governor. Source : Sun Sentinel newspaper. Sadly for this ignorant kosher conservative ,South Florida Jews are voting for the nigger demoncrat. That little bit of ass kissing on his part will cost him votes. 
 Western Leftists Praised Democrats Party For Slavery 
 		Not really.  Most of them didn't end up with a white master.  They had about a 10%chance. 
 		 
 		 
 If you're a good person friend me, if you're a racist don't ever talk to me again 
 	what is a racist? 
 		Dna can make one good or bad. Nigger dna, makes sure niggers are subhuman savages. And the dna of the Jews prove they are the seed of the serpent, and their father is Satan. There is no such thing as a good Jew, even little Jew demons grow up to be big Jew demons. What I am saying is simply this every damn Jew is the world deserves to die. 
 	Why is that guy dressed up as Nigger Hulk Hogan? 
 Icymi --> Literally Shaking (from laughter): Top 10 Unglued Lib responses to Kavanaugh’s confirmation  
 	These are soooo funny  Best laugh was the Muzzie seeking  for her much needed therapy to get over Justice Kavanaugh- LibTURDS  
 Rt ChuckCallesto    Race Baiting Al Sharpton Compares Trump supporters to those who attend Lynchings.           
 	This nigger needs lynched 
 Deporting Illegal Immigrants .~'Pardon me, but if I hear one more time we can’t deport 12M illegals I’m headed f/backyd to howl at moon. Is Amer memory so short we’ve already forgotten the 1950s?'  
 	Operation Wetback Ii please! And Blackback and Brownback and any other illegal invader! 
 Pew Research      O dear, we should all be worried because .shock .horror. the Eu  Block has no confidence in Potus.       
 	The same chart shows what a cocksucking globalist faggot Obama was 
    > Just Recently Reported <       Donald Trump was sent 'ricin mail' as letters laced with deadly poison were also sent to Pentagon and top Us politicians         #1A #2A                       vs      
 	When I first read this I thought you meant that Trump himself sent the letters. 
 		Those Limey bastards. 
  
 		 
 		 
 Christianity is basically socialism. Religion is an individual relationship with God so its fine, but people extrapolate those ideas into the real world which is stupid. Pray this cunt gets hit by a bus instead. 
 Never fly Virgin Airlines- gay/trani special! This is gone too far! Fuck all these retarded people!    
 6/ If you want to protect white supremacy under "freedom of speech," then sequester it in an area of Gab, similar to , where ppl have to actively go there to access it.  Then you don't have to feel like you're a "bad person" for not accepting total revision of history by some double-digit Iq retarded inbreds.     
 	Good thread.  The absurd antisemitism on Gab has been a downer for me.  I like your solution, putting antisemites in an area of their own, to rant & rave out of view.  If you want to go there you can, but you will have to make that choice. 
 		once again, you out yourself as a liberal. when did i say i was one? mind reading is a liberal trait.  
 		Aj is a liberal Democrat. 
 		lol, good try buddy.  
 		Good try to you, too, but unfortunately you lost the last election. 
 		i'm a Canadian you idiot  
 		Oh, no wonder I thought you were gay.  Now it's all coming together. 
 	I like that idea! If you feel you need to allow those ppl to spew their ridiculous comments, don’t put it on me to mute them (though I will!) put it on them to find each other. Good idea. Simple. 
 	I like that idea! If you feel you need to allow those ppl to spew their ridiculous comments, don’t put it on me to mute them (though I will!) put it on them to find each other. Good idea. Simple. 
 Cesar Sayoc during his days as a "stripper."   Sayoc was found homeless, living in a van in "Broward County" when arrested for the so-called "mail bombs."   Broward County is the same location as the "Parkland School shooting."   These false flags are getting more and more pathetic!    
 	Broward county has a ridiculous amount of scandal.  Between sheriff Israel, Debbie W-S and voter fraud--this county Must be investigated.   "This teen said Sheriff Israel got her pregnant when she was 17"--and he forced her to get an abortion.    
 		What a faggot 
 	Subhumans. The way you treat defenseless animals, says a fucking lot about who you are. In this case, retarded neanderthals. Let's get rid of these parasites. 
 Someone ought to hang this nigger from a tree anyway, regardless of the fact he shot himself dead after murdering that woman.    
 Our failure to mobilize and litigate on behalf of our political prisoners is more than merely a moral black eye, it's the kind of failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. 
 	Our political soldiers need to be more like the original KuKluxKlan from 1866-1876 who locally finished off Reconstruction working with the Democrats as a major political party to where they "won" the peace after Reconstruction was over.  They won't be caught dead at these "rallies" where piglice can find them out.   
 		Which is why I liked Jason Kessler's farcical "jewnite-the-Rite 2" of six or eight fuktards including a based nigger & beaner and some ol whigger supporting jail for jewdges.  But these "rallies" should be reserved only for a half-dozen burnt-out whigger fuktards triggering 200 ZOGpigs, 500 antifa, and a thousand ZOGtards of various colors 
 Boy! The  has sure been busy today! 
 	Retard bomb makers, where’s the Acme stamp?   
 "Kanye West is what happens when negros don't read" is an actual quote from Cnn today.    
 	Boy-cott,Cnn 
 		I've been boycotting Cnn for years now. Even my wife can't stand to watch the two fairy gay faggot hosts on there every evening. i.e.  Anderson Cooper and Don Lemon. 
 Interesting that your entire world of 'winning' consists solely of being 'with' a White woman. Yet, I consider being 'with' a Nigger woman to be me scraping the bottom of the proverbial barrel. You are absolutely a racist. I am no such thing. 
 You accuse people of being liberal while saying hate speech is where you draw the line? There is no hate speech, I can call someone a spic or a faggot without an ounce of hate in my heart, is that still hate speech? 
  
 	Notice nigger bitch is only disrespecting the White Officer! 
 The fact that they are still allowed to wear those faggot hats shows that Xi is a whole helluva lot more extreme than I am. ------------- Andrew Anglin, Editor, Daily Stormer    
 Opie & Anthony watch a public access tv show with a retarded chef   edit - retarded jewish chef.    
 You're one angry faggot 
         
 	The Republicans are turning and pandering for the nigger votes by running one in Virginia. Demand better from our representatives. 
 ellison is a muzzy nigger pile of pigshit! 
 The "Angela Merkel" of California:   Kamala Harris: Americans Must be ‘Welcoming,’ ‘Tolerant’ to Caravan    
 	total retard  
 Men;   Stay the hell away from females with tattoos, facial piercings, and/or hair dyed unnatural colors.    You ignore this warning at your peril. 
 	What ever platform she shared it on needs to be deplatformed twitter/ facebook they want to shut us down they shòuld face the same justice and let's not forget the Florida shooter the Parkland shooter the twat that shot up the church in Texas the idiot who sent fake bombs all have or had twitter and faceBook acc's we get one nutter and game over dubble standards 
 A real man is caught in action kicking a smaller defenseless woman in her stomach just because he didn't agree with her pro-life message. Is he still walking around breathing? Why?   Identified: We Expose The Man Who Roundhouse Kicked A Pro-Life Leader     
 	That faggot can try that shit with a man. anytime! 
 If you're gonna go to a sand nigger wedding , wear a flak jacket , they are fucking retarded. 
 	Most likely true, mate, most likely true. 
 	Most likely true, mate, most likely true. 
 		That would be better if it had any relationship to the post that you were replying to. 
 		 
 		 
 Cunt 
 San Francisco’s Homeless Population Is Surging  And Getting More Violent | The Daily Caller  ---     
 	they need to mobilize and take out the trash - faggot trash 
 Every. Single. Time. 
 	Cunt 
 No such concerns when the army was posing for pictures with the beardies in pyjamas! 
 		No doubt your account will now be suspended for offending him  
 			Potentially. Have to start my 13th then lol 
 			I try and keep it very polite initially. Just ask them tricky questions like this that will expose their hypocricy if they answer honestly.   Asked an Snp moron yesterday "Are you a Scottish Nationalist? Do you like Corbyn too?   I think he sensed my trap and refused to play ball ;) lol 
 			How are you getting on Shazia? Back on Twitter? Incognito like me lol 
 				I do have a Twitter account. I never use it. I prefer to Gab. No need to watch what I say, no Resisting Shite’s list for being mass reported.  
 					Haha So am I. They even published a sad article about me and my book Titanic Britain on their website. Then we got them banned for hate speech and abuse. They're very quiet now. Not reporting people so they don't draw Twitter attention to their new account lol 
 						They are pathetic. If they went after paedo accounts I would respect them, instead they go after anyone who tells the truth about Islam. Wankers.  
 							Wonder why. Big chunk of Twitter owned by Saudi now. 
 		The police were seen next to a beardie doing an Isis salute. I guess action too is being taken against them then! 
 			Yeah. Yet a comedian who makes his dog do a Nazi salute gets dragged to court and fined. 
 				It’s getting ridiculous to a point where a dog’s owner gets dragged to court and fined for his dog doing a Nazi salute. Don’t these arseholes have a any sense of humour or even a sense of dismissal? 
 					Utter wankers mate. The Left have zero sense of humour. Why they take themselves so damn seriously.when no-one else does :) 
 					Ah but look what happened to one who celebrated loudest Graham Linehan, he of Twitter Sjw police fame.a few months on its He who gets the knock on the door from the Uk stasi for Wrong-Speak.on Twitter 
 					Police obviously got plenty of time policing social media rather than walking the beat on the streets  
 				Shhheeeese! 
 				Shhheeeese! 
 This racist anti-white house nigger that the morons at FOXNews have given the job to spew his socialists black hole for years which leads me to believe that Fox is no longer a new station to be trusted Newsmax is the way to go if you want truth, they don’t hire a racist anti-American niggers  to spew their socialist anti white rhetoric like fox does 
 		Texan here! 
 			Texan Here  Fuck The Criminal Evil muslim  obamy In The Neck The Whole BLOODLInE  Is Evil FuckInG DIsEASED Nigger Monkey BLOODLInE  
   - Like every other faggot alive- milo has little to no credibility (even though he has the most followers on gab- yet rarely posts here!). He's just a novelty- don't get sucked in. All homos are morons by definition- if they weren't morons, would they be homos? 
 Democrats are the      
 	Elijah is a dumb nigger 
 dee zero Is Ugly Gag Fag Loves Eating Nigger  Smegma    Also de Ziro Got A Little PENIs    Pink Punk Bitch Boy  Whore Mouth cum Guzzling Gag Fag 
 Are you kidding me with this?  
 	Another Racist Retarded Democrat with the illusion that they have any intelligence at all!  My god Democrats are blithering idiots! 
 Megyn Kelly fired. 
 	This is what happens when you sell your soul to the libtard media elites. I think this is funny as hell! I have no sympathy for megan kelly. She deserves whatever happens. 
 		She hit the fucking lottery and did not even use the Nigger word 
  :   .dont forget to spread your love for , , and  
 	As I said already, stop being a faggot and stand up for your race white man. You sound like some gay Sjw.  
 Pussies   If you wanted to sell this fake ass hoax  you would have blown up Token House Nigger Don Lemon  No one willing to take one for the team   
 	I thought that chick was dead?  
 	I thought that chick was dead?  
 Which is more disgusting?   That these medieval raghead morons think we are stupid enough to fall for this shit?   Or   That there actually Are Americans stupid enough to fall for this shit?    
 	I'll fuck you til you love me faggot.  
 BritFam, remember not to have too much fun at your Halloween parties tonight either   Ok 
 	Hmmm how not to be racist says the anti-white racist cunt who wrote this retarded piece of shit 
 	May The Black Flames Of Hell Rain On Your Blasphemous Mouth! 
 	May The Black Flames Of Hell Rain On Your Blasphemous Mouth! 
 Hollywood always has Opinions.  Behind walls.  With armed security.  Completely detached from the real world. 
 	 
 		Just another virtue signaling twat 
 		Just another virtue signaling twat 
 I notice some people on Gab post the sort of messages that are obviously intended to discredit everyone else here. Are these leftists who do this on purpose? Because leftists do that a lot when they pose as right-wingers and post offensive shit on social media and then scream how nasty the right are. i mute these scum at once. You should do the same. 
 	Leftists are intellectually incapable of debate since they are all Npc's.  All a leftist is programmed to do is character assassinate.  They really are that retarded.  When you see despicable sexual innuendo or swear words plus calling the typical names that they have been programmed with, you know it is a brainwashed retarded lefty.  They really are easy to spot! 
 There’s an easy trade today but if you think I’m jinxing it by telling you what it is - think again.  Today I’ll do what every other cunt does and let you know once I’m out of it.   If it worked. 
 There’s an easy trade today but if you think I’m jinxing it by telling you what it is - think again.  Today I’ll do what every other cunt does and let you know once I’m out of it.   If it worked. 
 Is it just me, or does YouTube deliberately not reciommend Q posts?    With as much as I follow and watch Q vids, one would think that's all they'd recommend. Nope. Rarely .   So, imagine my surprise when I found this gem as soon as I logged on.   It starts off soon so hang in there    Episode #1 is more like a prologue   A necessary intro.    I jumped in at episode #22 and while I could easily follow along I still was missing huge chunks of info (from fellow Patriots and Anons) that I missed along the way. Sometimes things don't reach us on Twitter. It's imparative to  for us to get all the information we can. Videos are the key. So start from the beginning with episode #1    
 	Jfk jr lives?   Jesus  
 		WWG1WGA-Watch & Wait for the Great Awakening! Trust The Plan! We all can Pray, hope and wish Jfk Jr. is Alive and Well!  
 			These people are retarded and delusional. America is doomed 
 When you think about it. All the foreign aid, charity aid, investment and their own economies that Africa receives, it all adds up to a lot of money. 
 	tommy robinson is doing the Geldof trick  
 		I am mi5 cunt allsorts and lots of mute 
 		I am mi5 cunt allsorts and lots of mute 
 Sad that with your redneck education you can't even read that I called you a fascist larper & you clearly can't see that fascism and communism are two sides of the same coin. 
 Old, but still funny.  Reminder that most liberals don't know shit about guns.  
 	Lol . 
 			While I understand what you said, I was going to suggest professional help 
 			While I understand what you said, I was going to suggest professional help 
  
 	This cunt has gotta go down.the hard way! 
 Bring it. 
 	Already got my targets picked out let's do this! Faggot liberals! 
 		The Gop is spinning up a narrative about "mob violence" to scare their voters into turning out for the midterms. They haven't done anything about the mob in two years except use it as fodder in their campaign ads 
 			Politicians are reactionary. They don't do anything on their own. They are responding to what their voters have been bitching at them about. Proactive politicians do not exist. 
 					What will that translate into policywise?   Is the Gop going to be "tough" on the mob? Please note their current policy agenda includes "prison reform" which is the exact opposite of their messaging. It is strongly supported by the Koch brothers 
 						Not if people like Hunter Wallace talk everyone who cares about using the Gop against the anti-white mob into removing themselves from electoral politics.   The problem with using the shortcomings of a political party as a means by which to scare people away from the process that determines its leadership and platform is that it results in the very shortcomings that one is criticizing.    If you want to meet your fate on the road you took to avoid it, abstain from electoral politics. As the agorists in the libertarian and anarcho-capitalist communities have demonstrated, abstinence is a great way to accomplish nothing while staying entirely irrelevant. 
 							Let's be clear about the results of supporting the Gop two years ago:   Being prosecuted by Trump's Doj, unanimously condemned by the Gop Congress, Antifa free to engage in serial violence every weekend, unprecedented social media censorship, historic monuments destroyed all over the country 
 									He's basically a nigger crying for gibs. Change my mind. 
 Has any movement in history been infiltrated and completely taken over by the Republican Party faster than the "alt-right"? It was like a toddler versus that thing from the movie Alien. Lol. 
 		Dude we are trying to vote our way out of this over here and you're ruining the vibe. 
 			Where are the damn Maga candidates then?  Trump didn't even support them during the primaries. He wouldn't even endorse Kelli Ward in Az, who loyally supported him from the beginning, unlike snakes like Ted Cruz (and guess who's doing rallies for him now?)  You Trump shills are the worst cuckolds. 
 				Dude it was a joke.   We can't vote our way out of a fucking genocide. 
 					Gotcha. Sorry dude  I have so much Maga sperging out in my mentions that I can't tell sarcasm anymore  
 						I feel ya. ;) 
 						Yeah, the Gop shills are going nuts tonight. Apparently the Gab vote really matters to them.  
 							We’re the most important swing vote apparantly lmao  
 		Drowning men will grab onto anything that looks like it will float. 
 			When the tide comes , you better make sure you have a boat on th e water 
 			It’s more of a homemade raft due to certain regulations in this country, but it’ll work. 
 			It’s more of a homemade raft due to certain regulations in this country, but it’ll work. 
 Hahaha that kike cunt again? He sent me a whole heap of "I'm so pro trump pro conservative pro Republican and anti islam" and all that Cuckservative shit who triggered instantly at the slightest mention of "knowing the Nose"  
 Lmao! 
 	Holy shit, these people are fucking crazy.  I didn’t even get the notice, I am sad. but not bitching.  SHe is so lucky to have  contact her directly. 
 			This fine man summed me up perfectly!    
 					Why?  You really bring value to the conversation! 
 						Your just smelling the Nutella on your Ebt card, Trump Trash  
 							Haha, my checking account has 20k in it.   what is an Ebt card? 
 							No, you don't.  I have your Ip address.  You live with your parents 
 							No, you don't.  I have your Ip address.  You live with your parents 
  
 	no.100% cunt 
 Just a coincidence the fake unabomber was based out of Broward Co. I'm sure.   The Anons are finding all kinds of discrepancies with his background vs. what is reported 
 	         I think that Broward County for decades has been a globalist stronghold. They pass the baton to the next minion, in every election.  Debbie Wasserman Shultz district covers most of Broward County where all this crap seems to keep happening!   This is #3 for Sheriff Israel he is the globalist elite go to guy.  Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooter Under Mind Control?   by Millennial Millie                             @a          @a        @a                     
 			You can not make this shit up. 
 				He was getting help. Lots and lots of help. 
 				Absolutely,  he is a fall guy. 
 			All these cases have connections with Cia/Fbi/Broward County Sheriff/Florida/Demonrats/etc seems like many of the mass shooting and other tragic national news incidents are in Florida. Pulse Night Club, Ft Lauderdale Airport, Two Witnesses in Dnc lawsuit about Bernie Sanders Dead, Beck and Lee Trail Lawyers Threatened About Dnc Lawsuit, Parkland Florida, and other incidents that have not gone into national news coverage. Florida is a Huge Problem! 23rd Congressional District In Florida Covers.Debbie Wasserman Schult's District. In 2016, it covers parts of Broward and Miami-Dade, including Miami Beach. From 2003 to 2012, the former 23rd district a major part of Broward County and parts of Palm Beach county. The district included Pompano Beach, Boynton Beach and Belle Glade.  
 			   All these cases have connections with Cia/Fbi/Broward County Sheriff/Florida/Demonrats/etc seems like many of the mass shooting and other tragic national news incidents are in Florida. Pulse Night Club, Ft Lauderdale Airport, Two Witnesses in Dnc lawsuit about Bernie Sanders Dead, Beck and Lee Trail Lawyers Threatened About Dnc Lawsuit, Parkland Florida, and other incidents that have not gone into national news coverage. Florida is a Huge Problem!  23rd Congressional District In Florida Covers.Debbie Wasserman Schult's District.  In 2016, it covers parts of Broward and Miami-Dade, including Miami Beach. From 2003 to 2012, the former 23rd district a major part of Broward County and parts of Palm Beach county. The district included Pompano Beach, Boynton Beach and Belle Glade. 
 			   All these cases have connections with Cia/Fbi/Broward County Sheriff/Florida/Demonrats/etc seems like many of the mass shooting and other tragic national news incidents are in Florida. Pulse Night Club, Ft Lauderdale Airport, Two Witnesses in Dnc lawsuit about Bernie Sanders Dead, Beck and Lee Trail Lawyers Threatened About Dnc Lawsuit, Parkland Florida, and other incidents that have not gone into national news coverage. Florida is a Huge Problem!  23rd Congressional District In Florida Covers.Debbie Wasserman Schult's District.  In 2016, it covers parts of Broward and Miami-Dade, including Miami Beach. From 2003 to 2012, the former 23rd district a major part of Broward County and parts of Palm Beach county. The district included Pompano Beach, Boynton Beach and Belle Glade. 
 A woman And a mother. It's abhorrent. They nigger babies didn't ask to be conceived to be aborted and thrown into the trash. I'm against even eating very young animals veal, lamb.let alone foetuses. 
 Your allowed to say World War 1 was a disaster & an unnecessary war,the majority of people will agree with you & will say something about how terrible it was all those people died   But you try saying the same thing  about World War 2  to your average couch potato & watch their reaction ! 
 		""My Fellow American Patriots  The Uk was disarmed by their government. Now they get jailed for speaking.   Yes, it's real.""  
 		""My Fellow American Patriots  The Uk was disarmed by their government. Now they get jailed for speaking.   Yes, it's real.""  
 This shows you the intelligence level of Twatter 
 	Maddow is a Racist Retarded Bitch! 
 Wow big story this morning from a very reliable source . Corey Booker is a cunt .  
  
 		 Fyi She normally gets to the blood bank around  6:30 Pm, for dinner. 
 		hahahahaha 
 		hahahahaha 
 	Anglin is a fucking weirdo  
 	Anglin is a fucking weirdo  
 Guess we'll find out in roughly four weeks!       Can Trumpism Conquer Democrat Judicial Activism?    
 	Like the  is the party of purity . they are nigger loving Mutts.  
 White genocide is just a conspiracy theo. 
 		Look, if the media is brainwashing you people, Fuck, turn the damn devices the fuck off and do something else with your fucking time. Or grow your self a mind that can actually perform critical thinking operations. Wtf. 
 		Look, if the media is brainwashing you people, Fuck, turn the damn devices the fuck off and do something else with your fucking time. Or grow your self a mind that can actually perform critical thinking operations. Wtf. 
  
 	3% are pu-toes  
 		Since Your A Typical Anonymous Faggot Coward On Gab,I'll Be Brief,Us 3%'er's Are All Everywhere,If There's A Civil War,I Hope Your Near Me,So I Get To Kill You & Burn Your Fuckin Body ! 
 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez calls to abolish    Democrat candidate calls the system a 'shadow of slavery's power' after the confirmation of Justice Brett .  reacts on 'Fox & Friends.'           
 		We refuse to bow down to foreignors voting illegally in California and New York to enslave the rest of us.   
 		We refuse to bow down to foreignors voting illegally in California and New York to enslave the rest of us.   
 	Just to restate that, you're just pointing out that you comment on the facts and don't gaslight or act like a triggered faggot about your feelings when the facts don't match what you want.  Sorry,  muh Feelz attacks is half way gay. 
 if you are hiding in the dark you are not righteous.   a small element of the Police Service of Northern Ireland now are.   they have gone Gorilla - off the clock.   led by a cunt struck inspector - who lives in the new development between Ballybeen and  Newtownards. up on the right.   he has a sheeps head and the balls of a mouse. 
 A retard is an idiot who labels a person with a disability. 
 		She's not known as "Morono" for nothing. ;) 
 		She's not known as "Morono" for nothing. ;) 
 Bernie Sanders: "While this authoritarian trend certainly did not begin with Donald Trump, there's no question that other authoritarian leaders around the world have drawn inspiration."   
 	Says the cunt who uses authoritarian countries claiming they’re good examples of socialism. I guess he’s a kind of authority on the subject. 
 More insights into  /  plan behind  :   (1) Why is President Trump so calm when talking about ?   When one knows he has all the cards in his hands, and that the game is over, it has a very calming effect. 
 	(5) Why do I think that? Well, unless McConnell is beyond retarded or a 100% Democrat Plant, why would he come out and say, 4 hours After FFFFFFlake and his people requested and received a 7th Fbi investigation into Kavanaugh, that "All 51 Republicans in the Senate are Prepared to Vote on Confirmation?" 
 	I read it she had to cut her hair because of hair extensions.  
 	SheDevil. 
 	They are trying to be like the men they hate (but secretly admire); sadly, since most men do not find this imitation attractive; hence they will probably die out after one generation.    
 	logic is not something you can find with them . 
 	I really liked her before she got penetrated by Rachel Madcow.  Just go ahead and dye your hair already Meggynn.   
 	I really liked her before she got penetrated by Rachel Madcow.  Just go ahead and dye your hair already Meggynn.   
 And Apparently They Really Dont Care For Fattys Either.Hmmm 
 	Sooo.Colin Kaepcake, a muzzie slave, a gay Indian, and a Hawaiian, all with huge V's are the face of the DemonRats? Where are the chicks with dicks?  
  
 	The Daily Incel seems to be getting more bizarre by the day 
 			Stunning and brave!  
 				 come back to Fb & where r u on Insta it's boring without u!  
 				I’m so cucked right now it’s not even funny! Muh PeRsEcUTiOn! 
 				oh hellllllll no! U gotta make ur new accounts on different devices. Can u ask Dino   he knows how to do it once u get to this level of zucced. 
 				I’ll let him know but I think I got it. tbh I like chilling low key on here for now, when I’m off Faceberg I start blowing through books so it’s all Gucci. I feel like I’m in jail in real life. Not much action just literature lol. 
 				I feel u! "18 months Please that ain't facin time. I'm stressed anyway need it for vacation time"      
 				I feel so ghetto because I remember that track Lolz 
 				This track is my whole life and I don't feel ghetto for it at all  gas me haha! 
 				Sorry I just had a flashback from my normie days and idk how to handle it haha but sometimes if i’m around normies I can take myself out of all this and lower my Iq by 40 points just to get along, I feel ya  
 				I literally still thoroughly enjoy it just cause it upsets the spergs   the normies don't know wtf is going on  
 				if we build it.the normies will come lmfaooo 
 				if we build it.the normies will come lmfaooo 
 				Jew money is not leaving.  The Repubs are more Kiked than the Dems and that's no small feat!   The Jews will move money this way or that, but the Repubs make a lot of money on Kike wars. 
 						No shit dummy.  Both parties are neocon warmongers.  You're the one cumming in your pants because your Zionist Neocon won.  Have some fucking dignity.  Dont pretend the Repubs are the good guys.  Wake up. 
 								Repubs cannot be proWhite and pro Israel.  You can't put a foreign nation before your own.  You can't fix that party as it's set up to make money in a certain way. They talk a good game.  Cruz pretends to be a Constitutionalist, but hes a Bankster Zionist. 
 																I win. Everyone watching agrees.  There is no legitimate reason to support a Deep State Zionist Neocon.  None.  Yet you do.  Pathetic. 
 Quit trying to steal  you disingenuous twat 
 Slut Cunt Who Doesn'T Use Birth Control ! 
 Seems loud and clear to me: 
 	More like "Stupid Twat Steven". 
 @a is a censoring nigger lover. 
 Author describes herself as "Cate Young (): smugsexual, thundercunt hagbeast. "  That word cunt is being used more and more by the mob.  Alexis Grenell identifies as "Marxist Jew cunt".  "Beast" too?  Go for it, hirl!  
 Probably would if the act itself wasn't so damned retarded and blatantly anti-Trump. Sending "bombs" which would never reach their destination nor would have detonated and only serves to put all the spotlight on the left and away from any of the real issues 
 	 
 	 
 I am not a Nazi, I do not support Nazis and I am very Pro-Israel. If any of this offends you Please Mute me and unfollow me. 
 		Nazis are dead and the communists have been running shit for a while. You're stuck in a mindset that is incongruent to the current reality. That makes you a faggot who will always lose as long as you choose to be a faggot 
 im not posting child porn, faggot 
 GabTV not working, Again! Listen live on my site.     
 		I agree that it got a little repetitive, but in fairness to Hunter, this was really spontaneous and not a planned interview. He's a smart guy who has been an excellent guest in the past, and does a lot of really great work.  
 		I'm sure he does good work, and maybe he would be a fine guest on other topics. But the stuff he was saying on the show today was definitely not the message we need to be sending out 33 days before an election.  
 		I'm sure he does good work, and maybe he would be a fine guest on other topics. But the stuff he was saying on the show today was definitely not the message we need to be sending out 33 days before an election.  
 I don't like ninnying nigger loving faggots and basically commit suicide nancy boy. 
 Minister Louis Farrakhan explains the "White Genocide".    
 	the guys who once had a page on their website that explained how they wanted a Fence down the middle of the Us to divide whites from blacks? 
 		Just use a bulldozer to push the nigger into the sea. Most can't swim 
 If anyone has an alcohol problem it's Maxine Waters . Usually people who are alcoholics they have temper problems and Maxine Waters has temper issues towards White Males .    
 	That nigger needs thrown out of the country 
 	Kanye off his Meds- SOOOoo Entertaining! 
 		  
 	The worse memes on Gab. 
 	The worse memes on Gab. 
  yesterday: "No more mister nice crypto kike. I'm about to start cracking some whigger skulls" lol  And I hope nobody ever really trusted Torba or Gab with anything. 
  yesterday: "No more mister nice crypto kike. I'm about to start cracking some whigger skulls" lol  And I hope nobody ever really trusted Torba or Gab with anything. 
 Can you say faggot on here without a faggot getting you suspended? 
 Seeing that there is ongoing arument raging about , I will add my two cents.   I can confirm what  and  are saying.   I have unfollowed and keep  on ignore after seeing her using anti-White slurs against Whites and debasing Meds.   Which is rich coming from a person with such prominent epicanthic folds  Lol 
 		   For the record: who are you talking about here? 
 			for the record I was reply to a post about the air head .that is who that comment was about 
 				 
 				you can do whatever you want  
 		 is making friends all over the place!  
 		 is making friends all over the place!  
 what's your definition of more effective, how is a .223 more effective than a 30-06.  also, go be a faggot white knight somewhere else 
 This thursday we got an amazing episode planned of Anonymous Bites Back.   Our special guest will be    Subject: Reality Winner   Make sure you follow her to stay up to date about this situation.   We stream here:        
 	sneak thief, traitor and a low level twat and exposed secret government documents that she didn't even have lawful access too. let the bitch rot! 
 Get your dirty, shit-encrusted cunt off my Gab fed you dirty unwiped arse of a woman! 
 	Hahaha straight to the point!  
 	Hahaha straight to the point!  
 Because leftists lack zero. zilch, nada legit platforms, they obsessively manipulate to push their narratives.    To enrage them, simply think for yourself and vote accordingly.    
 		Don't you have a bird to bore with your left wing nut job hissy fits? Gab is for adults. Buh-bye!  
 		Don't you have a bird to bore with your left wing nut job hissy fits? Gab is for adults. Buh-bye!  
 Life comes at you fast, Megyn .   It was only a matter of time - you played your part as their useful idiot . now they will throw you away like the garbage that you are.    
 	Cunt 
 	Hypnotic. Cops were ready, too: white gloves for protection vs scabies or other diseases. 
 		Ya, I noticed the "don't wanna catch what you've got" gloves, too. 
 	  No idea if 'she' was antifa or a tweaked out homeless 'woman', but this link has the source to the whole video, complete with sound. That 'woman's voice is so deep, 'she' sounds like a dude. 
 	Thought I was watching a replay of McGregor's last fight. Take note of the billionaire strut immediately prior to the beat down.  
 	Also, lack of outraged media coverage is strongly indicative of the slide down the oppression totem pole for white women. Welcome to the world of unearned privilege, ladies.  
 	also looks like he teabags her  
 	i like how he sits on her neck and teabags her after the takedown. 
 	i like how he sits on her neck and teabags her after the takedown. 
 Right here fellas.   Trump was kissing Jewish ass for two years before this happened. He will be kissing Jewish ass for the next two years. There might possibly be an uptick in that due to the Pittsburgh shooting, but otherwise this changes nothing 
 	That delusional little fucking spic faggot. Let him talk to his brother in arms Cesar about that. 
 Once again Dana PeRINO reaffirming she's one of the most unctuous assholes on Fox News. 
 	One day at band camp her most famous line. She’s a cunt  
 the retarded dimocraps are still trying to convince you they are not sending bombs to themselves, lol, lol,lol, 
 Gab used to be fun. Then I decided to be a huge faggot and let everyone know about it. -t.  
 	Eleanor Roosevelt was a white woman. Why would Hillary attend a ceremony honoring a white woman? 
 		Eleanor was a dyke First Lady just like Hillary. 
  
 	It's a fake - a cropped down picture with Obama's face photoshopped onto it.  Sorry to burst your bubble. 
 		I expect anything from this faggot  
 	Turns out Trump dude owns the building. Heh. 
 	Excellent. 
 	That's made my day. If that were my venue I'd do the same.  
 		 
 		 
 Hillary Clinton called Brett Kavanaugh's swearing-in ceremony a "political rally" that "further undermined the image and integrity of the court"  
 	This fucking cunt just will not go away! 
 Things that make you go hmmm  
 	Another joo cunt in bad need of a lead pill. 
 too bad the nigger soros wasn't blown back to hell with that so called explosive 
 Most South Africans believe that life was better under apartheid.     Source:  
 	there has never ever in the history of earth been a successful nigger society. 
 Love Russians    
 		Then its a good thing those creatures are scarce over there. 
 			 
 			 
 			 
 This! Anti-American born to Illegal Aliens wants to be The Ca Senator For Illegal Aliens !     
 	WETback  
 Librarian at the local junior college in Mississippi near where the Nigger School from Jackson, made fun ***During A Football Game With Brookhaven High*** of two White police officers getting shot by a black in Brookhaven the day before, called it "Pure niggerism" on Facebook and won't be fired.      I Fucking Love It. 
 	This is the kind of neckbearded hipster faggot that writes for the New York Times- not because he's any good but because he's the guy they want us to white males be. If I got vermin like this little shit on a shoe, I would burn it so it couldn't get away. 
  
 		Fuck Off.    
 		I'm getting wet 
 		I'm getting wet 
 Lololololol.   It's going to be hilarious when we win this race.     
 	Proud of ur grandma! 
 		Cunt 
 Typical pick up line of nigger to White Girl."Are you happy". places doubt in her mind and triggers an impulse reaction. She thinks she has to please the colored boy and without taking the time to think about it. 
        This is the Evil in Dc wanting Power.  Flush The Scum Libs Vote Out Dems.    
 	That’s right, stupid libtard. It’s a manhood issue to protect one’s home, family, and property from invasion. Retarded liberal women will hand everything (and I mean everything) over to the first retarded thugs that come around asking for it. 
 That's news to me that Gab is Alt right. If freedom is Alt right then count me in   Does that mean Twitter is Alt left (its just trash)   I guess that means I need to support Mr. Bolsonaro   So with that said boa sorte, Mr. Bolsonaro   
 	Don’t listen to . He’s a retarded cuck. 
 Rt :    This is the wonderful liberal left!    
 	specky retarded vermin scum 
 They Don't Even Know Who Did It   
 	Nigger university students are smarter than their african cousins.by about 5 Iq points 
 Awww    
 	cher  Is A DIsEASED  Fat Lip Whore  That Likes  Big Long Fat Boy Cock    She Is Cheap Trick Trash That Hates Her Daughter And Hates HerSELF    Lmfao     Whore Dna Skank 
 		Her Daddy Should Have Pulled Out Of The That Diseased Whore Hole  And Shot On The Dirt Floor     Cunt Trashy Scum 
 			yeah ! yeah! yeah! lol 
 			yeah ! yeah! yeah! lol 
 Feeling a bit down? Love playing guitar? Then this will make you smile!     
 	ulster faggot 
 I'm white.   A hetero male immigrant Macedonian born in Greece who married a Wasp   Pretty fucking cool if you actually think about it.   Did I mention I'm white?   I'm really sorta tired of black fag jew muslim lesbo spic crap.   Duh. 
 Dear Gab:    In case the good folks at Twitter come over here and pull the same stunt they did over there, it's another case of stripping the context from a tweet.    I posted that photo in response to death threats.    Guess what?    The death threats stopped. Leftists go after those who they think can't defend themselves. People were Outraged that I would respond this way to threats of violence.    There's a full-court press going on to get me off of all social media. Hollywood protects its own.     That's fine. I just thought I'd get ahead of it.    Carry on. 
 	I had nigger neighbours threaten me because I complained about their dog noise . Got my 12 gauge out with many shotgun shells on my dining table , all lights on so they could see everything at night, across from me.all threats stopped.being nice does Not work with niggers . 
 James Bond Is Not A Nigger Either !   Nor A Vile Lgbt ! 
 	So Islam   Islam/Sahih Bukhari (49:857) - "He who makes peace between the people by Inventing good information or saying good things, is not a liar." Lying is permitted when the end justifies the means.    girls again confirm that there is no moderates in Islam! 
 		So not!  Ya Jewish monkey grinder.   This is a Hadith, cherry picker and you misquoted it.  There is no such hypocritical, silly bullshit in the Quran.    If you find some random Hadith translation you Think you've discovered gold with you have to provide at Least 5 or 6 backup Quran verses for words like "inventing" and "good," or any other key words.   Eschatology 101 
 			Hi another islamonazi pretending to be a Nazi. How about you back up what you say with same verse & numbers? 
 				Surah 2:10-2:11.   I just told you how to do it, lazy ass. The only Hadith any non Muslim should concern themselves with is their antichrist or Dajjal Hadith and begin by defining what "blind" or "blind in one eye" mean, and then grape. etc.  
 					waiting islamonazi!  people are reading our thread and so you are in the spotlight. you called yourself out and we are waiting for you to deliver that verse. Deceit in islam is even more integral than in  Judaism if that is even possible. I am Very Keen for whites not to be continually deceived by you people! 
 						Is anyone seeing this? How do they even dress themselves. How do you go to the grocery store?  Surely you couldn't pass the written for a driver's permit.     
 							And We Are All Still Waiting Islamonazi 
 																		Nah broke nigger I wouldn't bother clicking anything about you.  Too busy enjoying how Stupid you are.  
 	Your a little late on this video. its been up for a bit now 
 		thats late, retard 
 Voting in Arizona?   Remember this!   Opening the borders and letting any and everyone walk in is alright though!   Paying welfare to gangs like MS13 is a good thing! 
 	Stay at home moms are freeloading leeches?   They still pay property taxes if they own a home which directly funds all public schools and the average cost to homeschool a kid Per Year is $500 compared to almost $10,000 for a public school kid.    Those pesky facts I tell you.   Trump needs to create programs like Hungary did where families get free grants or major tax breaks to encourage millions of women to be stay at home moms and homeschool their kids.    If 1/4 of American households would  we would save Billions of dollars per year.       
 		This piece of shit cunt can not win    Stop her ! 
 but then a strange fear gripped me and I   just couldn't ask   The Smiths - There is a Light    
 	Morrissey - Manchester 2004  
 		faggot 
 	Whoa damnit that's brilliant! .And true too wouldn't ya know i got a few hundred thousand of those over the years too! Hahah :D 
 			Don't ya worry whole hep Usa infesto with the Deep State satan slime @ this point friend . 
 			Don't ya worry whole hep Usa Been infesto with the Deep State satan slime @ this point friend : / 
 			Don't ya worry whole hep Usa Been infesto with the Deep State satan slime @ this point friend : / 
 Melania Trump spokesperson calls for boycott of rapper T.I. over video featuring first lady look-alike stripping in Oval Office    
 		No, he won't. He'll say he's entitled to more of your bananas because someone, somewhere, at some point in time, was racist. He'll never go away because people slightly less retarded than him keep giving him bananas. 
    The Jew media cut the video so you can't see that it was a old man that they were attacking. This is the unedited video.  
 		Antifa  
 		Antifa  
 The Blob has finally realized his side lost hahahahhaha fuck him  
 		I don’t think you could find his member so he can’t be a top 
 This is typical nigger territorial behaviour, bullying Yt for using "their" sidewalk. It happens to me all the time when I go out. They line up across the sidewalk to block you, then the racial slurs and threats  for "bein' on Muh sidewalk" start. They go for the weak members of the herd, seniors, those who are using walkers or other mobility aids, mothers pushing strollers, people pushing big shopping carts full of groceries. That's why I always carry a stun gun. 
 Isis sympathisers dominate Greek refugee camp: "If you are not Muslim I can rape you"    
 	Isis Sympathiser talks shit as usual and needs a good beating about the skull with a koran until he gets the message! Then again, these Isis vermin are subhuman filth, fake muslim assholes who are too retarded for this earth. And yet the west and Israel Support Them! 
 Anyone using the term "white trash" is worthy of suspicion. 
 	Bingo. We have a winner.   They lack debate skills, knowledge and education.   They attack others witho provocation, making unfounded accusations.   Respond emotionally when they get tit for tat in return. screaming like little girls, because they've gotten their butts kicked.   Crying like a schoolyard bully, whose victim finally punched him in the nose. 
 			I gotta admit: "Trailer park theologian" fits many of the people who attack you. :D   Seriously, some of these people *are* morons. 
 				Exactly, I do not understand why people knee jerk as if they just been slapped when they read white trash. When someone calls me that I go "lets see, I got a good job, I got a house not a trailer, I got a little farm not a trailer park, I have a higher education then the person arguing with me.nope, I am not that duck" 
 					Pretty much the same, here. :)   That's why you don't often see me climb down to their level and wrassle in the mud with them.  :) 
 						Just the whole "Omg Anyone Saying White Trash Is Anti-White" is a goofy ass thing to say. Its leftists tier "Im Triggered" whistling. Seriously, this we wuz heebs don't say white trash that is our word shit is some serious white nigger level behavior. People need to quit this goofy shit and be above it. 
 It’s fa-looo season, ppl! 
 		no, it's Re Tah Dud. & You Aw! 
 Debate? I don't debate dummies 
 	lol.  Damn  .  Don't make the little faggot cry. 
 All you muzzie lovers - this is what is in store for you.   Taqiyya is strong in the Uk   "In Islam, Taqiya or taqiyya is a precautionary dissimulation or denial of religious belief and practice in the face of persecution."   When you wipe the shit out of your eyes you will be slaves.    
 Anime uniforms "turned the stomach" of an Sjw journalist on syfywire    
 	what a horrible video, guy meanders to his point, which took 6:31, and his voice is terrible, so i stopped watching. he does get points for saying faggot though. 
 	what a horrible video, guy meanders to his point, which took 6:31, and his voice is terrible, so i stopped watching. he does get points for saying faggot though. 
 	Unbelievable. Then, you have retarded Westerners actually converting to this demonic religion. :/ 
  
 	Ban all Retarded Racist Sexist lefties!  Women should never have been given the right to vote! 
 Fuck You Faggot Cucked Butch Lesbian Bitch Ass Mother FuckERS! 
 Why dont yo long faggot was shut the fuck up and hit me on da nose or try too see what happens wit yall 
 first degree uppityness.    whoop dat's a lynchin (metaphorically)    
 	b 
 		Nigger twat!   
 Sorry sweety, I think the refugees prefer a goat to you. 
 	Yesterday, I had women complaining and insulting me because I stated that giving women the vote was a tragic mistake, since they vote for socialism, welfare, and open borders.  Yep. 
 		I didn’t say every last woman in the country. I said it’s the average behaviour of the women in the west When I say that muslims are retards, I don’t mean every single last one of them, but on average, that is the case But because not all muslims are retarded terrorists, I still don’t want any of them here. Similarly, I don’t want women having the vote 
      Veteran journalist fired after criticizing 5G and questioning it's safety    
 	Why on Earth would anyone not want citywide networks that work on the same frequency as crowd control weapons?  We've gone full retard with electronics.  When you're not at work turn the damn things off.  There will be idiots that cheer for this shit while we all share in the cancers all these wireless frequencies cause.   
 The people who voted for Trump expecting they were getting something different than the same old conservatism were woefully mistaken    
 	Explain to me how you or I keeping more of our own money is bad? Not getting it? Maybe pick a non leftard platitude when trying to bash a conservative. You are part of the problem if you think me keeping my money is a problem. 
 			Another social media tuff guy who calls everyone a Jew. Can whitey get some more of this kind of idiot. Please, we will win for sure. What a stooge 
 					You know me so well. This high school loser has lots of balls on social media. Probably not even a white guy? Just slinging arrows to make white people look stupid. How much the Adl paying you to go on teenage rants or your 17 has to be one of the 2. Pathetic. 
 							I don't even have to comment. The brilliance oozes from it. 
 								See my point. 90 Iq lads. Next up they'll send 80 Iq ones over here. 
 							 how is this clown different than unhinged Antifa? Instead of attacking an argument on its merits, its social media tuff guy insult one after the other. Not gonna go far with this kind of moron. 
 								Notice the deflection by this yid. He accuses me of being Adl. I respond by pointing out that he is using Adl talking points to divide. To which he calls me Antifa. Notice these jewish tactics of deflections and accusations? 
 									You attacked me 1st moron, I didn't seek you out. I will bet all the money that I saved in taxes this year this unhinged loon is either living in his parents garage or an Adl/Msm stooge. Total waste of time. 
 										Notice how this jewish Adl tool lies. Now that he has been thoroughly exposed as an Adl agent he cries. The Jew cries as he strikes you! 
 										Notice how this jewish Adl tool lies. Now that he has been thoroughly exposed as an Adl agent he cries. The Jew cries as he strikes you! 
 	It's time to go spic hunting. 
 	If you want the truth about Obama/his past,u can contact his cousin from Ks, Linda Joy Adams at her blog, where she says Obama's real name is Barry Parks. Newsweek made an article about a lottery draw in Obamas home town lottery the day after his election: "Belief Watch: Is Obama the Antichrist?" 
 	If you want the truth about Obama/his past,u can contact his cousin from Ks, Linda Joy Adams at her blog, where she says Obama's real name is Barry Parks. Newsweek made an article about a lottery draw in Obamas home town lottery the day after his election: "Belief Watch: Is Obama the Antichrist?" 
  Do me a favor, the next time I reply to a post of yours saying something to the effect of "Hey, I think I'll make a video about that!" Please remind me that I'm a fucking sperg retard that doesn't think things through and implore me not to upload it to youtube lmao. The state needs to assign me a tard wrangler.    
 Notice how all the white supremacists on Gab flooded onto this thread and were unable to coherently respond to the statements I made?  Thus proving that they were Npcs?  All they did was paste all of their usual photo memes, like an Npc is programmed to do, and then upvote and downvote accordingly, like an Npc.  White supremacists are Npcs. 
 		filbert up aris but you get my drift 
 		filbert up aris but you get my drift 
  your premise for your book sounds like shit. loose? gtfo of here .   you wont follow me.no subversive anti white shit will. 
 	Would someone kindly translate this Gab, please.  
 		Basically confessing he/she is a retard  
 What a dingdong.bet his retarded ass thought kkkillarys ass was gonna win 
 I'm a .   I believe in , the rule of , , , , the , and the  
 	Save time & space & just identify as a retard pervert. 
 This  don’t B  coz it might hurt someone’s feefees even if U do look like a twat ppl’s feelings matter 
 Fox & friends:    Federal judge says the State Department provided false statements to derail lawsuits over Hillary Clinton’s private email server    
 	Many gay faggot Obama holdovers in State Dept 
  
 	Oh look Pa, another retard from the mid east  that thinks he's special!  Special Ed. 
 	I'm in Britain and you won't be "tossing me off" anywhere faggot lol 
 Look at what this retard Tom Arnold is up to    
 Who would down vote this ! 
 		There is nobody here but me 'n you jew. If another jew or two show up they can be inhumane too. You torture humans 'n shit.   Jew  , you will not lie to me 'n then ballerina fall down laughing tutu.   Why don't you shave your balls 'n get that jew faggot curator/assassin at the mossad art gallery to finger paint a wet tea bag again?   You jew spoo facials 'n ass. Fu! 
 Keith Ellison Is Considering Stepping Down As Deputy Chair Of The Dnc      
 	muzzie nigger piece of shit 
 I like this post only I believe a white ethno state can last and will come to be as the balk is happening right in front of us right now more and more whites are fleeing the inter city's and moving to rule areas mostly all mountain land consists of whites I hope for the sake of our race we can make them work 
 	your name is very telling, as a general rule i don't use hillbilly as an insult, because some of you guys are cool.   ya know, actual Americans and not these tribal ethno state mongoloids?   in this case however.   shut up you dipshit hillbilly! 
 	your name is very telling, as a general rule i don't use hillbilly as an insult, because some of you guys are cool.   ya know, actual Americans and not these tribal ethno state mongoloids?   in this case however.   shut up you dipshit hillbilly! 
 Us Only 2018 
 	Don't be an idiot.  Illegal aliens stay as far away from government offices and agents including voting stations as they can get.  If we got rid of all 8,000,000 illegal aliens the Usa would lose billions in taxes & revenues while costing less in benefits they can't receive like Snap, Wic, Ssi, Ssdi, Vocational Rehabilitation, Promise, etc. 
 		How retarded are you? There's actually 20 million illegals in the Us. They do not pay into the system, but we the taxpayers subsidize them at the tune of 200 billion dollars in welfare each year. Not only that, but they've ruined the job market, have killed the middle class and have caused a massive devaluation in wages.  
 			No Sir I am not no retard I only expressing my opinions that we are not going to tolerate anymore of the minorities and Jews saying they will kill us all believe me hearing this shit all your life can really make mad wouldn't it upset you Sir. 
 	He(Torba) will if we post pornographic loli. Everything being posted now is within our legal right under the First Amendment thanks to the Supreme Court. You are free to not look at this topic if that upsets you. Take your censorship back to Twitter. 
 		 So, I'm not a weeb, as there's a difference between watching anime and being a weeb, fun fact which you wouldn't know. Secondly, I don't care for lolicon, but I also see hypocrisy within Gab. So am I allowed to call it censorship? As a fellow human? 
 			1. you watch anime, you're a weeb   2. "the anime gamer" - no you're def. Not human lol   3. Bias =/= censorship, it means those in the know are more powerful than you. Survival of the Fittest - suck it up buttercup <3   4. Sounds to me like you're defending loli, which still makes you disgusting and not human lol. 
 				Firstly, watching anime does not make you a weeb, but of course people that never take the time to look into stuff and could only best be described as idiots wouldn't know that, however as for it, weeb means an anime fan who wishes to become Japanese despite knowing nothing about the culture. 1/2 
 					yea it does lol faggot  
 	hey i voted for trump too, can i be cool too? and i go no you will never be cool unless you convince ya retarded state to vote for trump and his people. im not making this up, and overwatch gamechat been down ever since that encounter? conspiracy? coincidence? 
 				You're calling me a race traitor because Breivik shot white people who were against Israel.    Let me guess:  you're flat nigger broke and have never owned anything and never had a decent job like Breivik. 
 One of us not Banned from Twitter.    
 	O god. Roger Stone the John Bolton lover and Pedo Milo.the civ nats must be wetting themselves.   
 		Nice brain dead shaming tactic. That or you are still retarded but cant read.  
 Usa Map: States that provide in-state tuition for Illegal Aliens 
 	A friendly reminder that George W. Bush, that Yankee carpetbagger, first instituted in-state tuition for illegals when he was governor of Texas.   It's retarded even from an economic angle. Here in Ca, the vast majority major in shit like Spanish or Chicano studies, which turns them into angry SJWs for the rest of their lives.   Send 'em all back. 
 Gm All Gabbers Have a safe & blessed Wednesday                            
 	Keynesianism is some complex shit.  Its like the ultimate Rube Goldberg machine of fucked up Praxiology.  Its like how Marx Tried to sound intelligent, but was spouting out complete bullshit. 
 		 
 		 
 	Boomers and Right Wing SJWs are as easily triggered as left wing progressives and SJWs. Nothing but the same authroitarians just different reason to be authroritarian and erode peoples liberties. 
 			Yeah I just ignore the stuff i do not like. It really is not that hard to just walk away. 
 			This seems to always happen. Instead of using the tools they want others to do the work for them.  
 			This seems to always happen. Instead of using the tools they want others to do the work for them.  
 Well this is just soooo Me. These words have been my screensaver for the last few years.  I Fought right until the very end because I Had No Other Choice. Now I get to go home and I just can't wait! I'll be at peace at last. Christ knows I've suffered every fucking stinking shit cunt day of my so-called life & now I get to sleep at last. God bless All. Mwah! xxx 
 Holder: I Don't Think Politicians Should Be Confronted in Restaurants or at Their Homes | Breitbart      It is way past too late for Holder to claw that back. The damage has been done. 
 	This nigger needs to pay the full price of his sedition and treason. No quarter shall be given to anything/person/it that ever wanted to redefine America. This nigger must swing on the end of a rope, with 13 twists. It's the 13th twist that snaps the cervical vertebrae! I volunteer to hold the other end of this turd's line. 
 Cunt 
  
 	When he doesn’t live up to everyone’s meme version of him everyone is going to act shocked and betrayed. He’s just a basic conservative and if anything will be very mild to own the libs.    See look how moderate he is! DemoKKKrat status: Owned 
 		I don't want to totally rain on the Kavanaugh parade though. Two great things about all of this:    1. Dems threw everything they had and still failed  2. The amount of salt this is producing is incredible and every grain is delicious. 
 				Big win against the female race! 
 				Big win against the female race! 
 Guilty! White Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke found Guilty in murder of fatal shooting of black 17-year-old Laquan McDonald.    
 Guilty! White Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke found Guilty in murder of fatal shooting of black 17-year-old Laquan McDonald.    
 Situational Awareness,  Surprise, And Aggression Can Turn The Odds In Your Favor When Street FIGHTInG   Confronted and Outnumbered by 3 Muslims in an elevator. This patriot turns the tables on them immediately.    
 	A well deserved shit kicking!  Stupid Muzzie trash!   
 "Queen Elizabeth Claims She Is ‘Direct Descendant Of Prophet Muhammad’          Islamisation of Uk reaching a final stage, it seems.     Now is the time to rise up in the millions, otherwise . 
 	Yeah looks like our beloved Susan Warren chose the wrong ancesstry lol 
 		With time she might correct it by modifying the equation with a muzzie ratio 
 A tranny nigger telling moslems to take over the country. Big mike needs to swing from a lamp post in gitmo. 
 	it's a mars trine opposition thing, my bad. 
 	it's a mars trine opposition thing, my bad. 
 Jew York Times will weaponize any retard willing to do (((their))) dirty work b/c kikes are wimps. 
  &   a comparison.   Thanks to  for finding these quotes! :) 
 		Something like that. At least judging by his quoted statement. 
 		Something like that. At least judging by his quoted statement. 
 Murdered University of Utah student & track star, Lauren McCluskey previously knew Melvin Rowland, 37 & cut off ties with him after discovering that he lied about his name, age & criminal history.     
 		Im not sorry its like that guy who lived with bears and got eaten its tgeir own fault  
 		Lauren was a naive 21 year old  & Melvin was a 37 yr old experienced criminal con artist. Tragic  
 		Lauren was a naive 21 year old  & Melvin was a 37 yr old experienced criminal con artist. Tragic  
 Fucking faggot has a history of being a useless cunt.  
 faggot 
  
 	I'm thinking that the stuff that Dems do might be paid for by the Republicans because it all makes the Democrats look like totally retarded Nazis. 
 	Fuck Stevie        
 		Shup foo we're listening to the same thing pretty much 
 		Lmmfao ! 
 		Get a hold of yerself , no jokes have been told , gab is a humorless place full of politics  
 		And then some ! 
 		And then some ! 
 Nigger caught stealing guns out of luggage at the airport where he worked.  Yes, he's a convicted felon, but was employed at the airport anyway.    
 And then there is this-   An arrogant professor at Ole Miss University spewing his radical left wing ideals to young, impressionable, idealistic college kids.    It should be no surprise Parents -> when your child embraces mixed marriages, homosexuality, far left wing ideas, Muslims, Jews, Mexican Illegal Aliens, Antifa, and Black Lives Matter, etc, etc, 
 		Yes, did you notice his wife in the tiny profile picture? That says it all as far as I am concerned! 
 		Yes, did you notice his wife in the tiny profile picture? That says it all as far as I am concerned! 
 Vice President Mike Pence on Tuesday said Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández told him that the migrant caravan marching toward the U.S.-Mexico border is financed by Venezuela.  
 	Madura is the faggot boyfriend of Chavez. where does this fat fuck get the money. half of venezuala left because they were starving 
 You call this shite philosophy? how about you protect my womb by shutting the fuck up before you impregnate my mind with just enough rage that i come shove that nazi cab driver cap up your arse and blind the pet hamster you got livin in there? 
 	oh gee, what do you know another leftist cunt that thinks she's a badass. and like all your kind. you'd start shit, then hide behind your skank ass pussy when you got knocked on your ass. I hope I'm there to see it when god sends your ass to hell for killing one of his children 
 Eric Holder 'Thinking About' Running Against Trump; 'Time for Democrats to be Tough'    
 	a corrupt nigger former Ag is just what the dems need. hahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaha 
      "but whether people like it or not Germans were living in mud huts when the Greeks and Italians were laying the foundation for western civilization"    
 	This retard acts as if the Romans and Greeks weren’t white also lol. It was until integration of other cultures that they became mixed, before that they were as white as other Europeans  
 The mods of this sub are gay retarded cucks who lick shitballs out of my hairy asscrack. Proof inside:     
  
 	It’s that brown stain on his lips from sticking his tongue way way up Soros’ ass.Crooked bribed Democratic Senator house nigger for Soros  
 shitlibs now complaining about Pretty privilege not just White superiority    
 	Anyone who isn't a retarded pickle has privilege, I suppose. 
 This cunt has fucked more niggers and kikes than your average feminist.     
 What was the man religion or devil's worship did he belong to do any one no so he can have silver stack but in how heart evil cunt that cunt so good  king John is not dead from the grave and looking down from heaven to look after is magna Carta s 
 Liberals stealing and destroying Mimi Walters' (the incumbent representative) campaign signs. 
 	Nice hair cunt , did someone give you a swirly in a port-o-let? 
 	Nightmare. 24/7 
 	Maybe start punishing them. We punish men whose only guilt is being the target of an accusation. Double standard barely begins to describe the injustice. 
 	Then watch how she's gona get off easy, whereas if a man did the same thing, they would throw the book at him 
 	I'm so glad that I didn't have a teacher like this in high school. No really, I am.  I'd be more screwed up than I turned out to be. Although I did have one Spanish teacher telling my gf what she ought to do to keep me happy. I guess she was a perv waiting for her moment in time. 
 	I'm so glad that I didn't have a teacher like this in high school. No really, I am.  I'd be more screwed up than I turned out to be. Although I did have one Spanish teacher telling my gf what she ought to do to keep me happy. I guess she was a perv waiting for her moment in time. 
 This bitch is more stupid than ever. If she thinks getting rid of the Electoral college will help her cause. She's more retarded than ever because she doesn't realize that she wants to alienate the small states.    
 Yeah right!   Just like "When somebody tells you it's not about the money, it's about the money  H.L. Mencken !"    
 	hopefully this nigger whore is found gutted in an alley since there is no justice 
 	I Second That! 
 	I Second That! 
 drag queen Breaks Hand punching Nazi   "when a man who said he was a Nazi approached her"  Lol fake, likely punched a jew who didn't want to pay agreed upon amount for sex   Who knew Nazi shop at same store as drag queen        
 	Lol wow, this cunt had an epic moment of total and complete Failure ! 
     For those who want Proof the Wall is being built  4:17 minutes  Jul 19, 2018  New Border Wall  Santa Teresa, New Mexico  by drone   via  
 		As far as which kind of Illegals who are Mostly Crossing Ms-13 & muzz-rats Sure Some Mexicans but most of them are Couriers 
 	I don't think a Rush Limbaugh-listening Boomer would be dumb enough to jeopardize the Gop's chances in the most "important election ever!"   But considering the Q craziness, maybe.   My money is on a hoax of some kind though.  
 		If whoever's doing Q gets Maxine killed, I'm going to be heartbroken.  Maybe we can fundraise for her security detail to ensure she keeps talking as long and as much as possible. 
 		most important election ever and kanye is there strategy? are you sure?  
 	You're not thinking maniacally enough. The thinking left would know that a conservative talk radio junkie would include Maxine Waters in their lists and that it'd even more effective to frame anyone to the right of Bill O'reilly than the minority of unhinged Nazis. 
 		Fuck it.  I'll have a skype call with Q here in a few minutes and get to the bottom of this. 
 	That was my thought as well. If it wasn’t a false flag it had to be a Boomer. Who else still cares about Obama and Cnn? 
 		The labels were printed, so someone's grandson would have to be involved. 
 	we all know who did this. 
 Ocasio-Cortez compares 'global warming' to Nazism.  
 	Shes literally retarded 
  
 	Please Vote No ! to the Commie Pinko Faggot Democrats ! 
 I'm tryna get my garden succt by a whipper snipper. Who can hook me up?   Pic related 
 	yo  
 					Square up you fuckin spastic cunt  Dont fucking respond to my posts anymore thanks! 
 Imagine being retarded And senile, a combination Nancy is very familiar with! 
  
 	Hey Maxine,  where'd you get that dyke haircut?  From Eric Holder?  (he's a hairdresser by night)    
 Tennessee  -  Another mixed race couple relationship ends badly. Witnesses say the negro beat the White mother of his children over the head with a rock or brick repeatedly in front of her house, then ran her over with a car several times.     
 	Funny how I don't see that nigger who attacks Yt and claims to be happily married to a mudshark around here justifying this violence. Yesterday he was claiming that Yt hates children and has no soul. How much soul does a nigger have when they beat someone with a brick and run over her multiple times with their car? 
 You obviously only know extremely low, depraved and mentally retarded females in your ghetto. 
 Breaking News:  All Trump Supporters Will Be Rounded Up In Exactly 6 Months.  Enjoy Your Freedom While You Can 
 		Dream on you worthless cunt 
 		Dream on you worthless cunt 
   > Official Records Support Claim That  Rep.  Married Her BROTHer!    up for Us HOUsE Seat of  > & she Leads Opponent!    > Stop         
 	Incest is best.when you're a muzzie whore 
 The toughest decision a person could make. 
 	Bacon.I actually don’t like it. 
 		You ain't a Muzzie are you? :)  
 With Gratitude to Hartford Van Dyke  The Writings of Hartford Van Dyke and Discussions Pertaining Thereto   
 With Gratitude to Hartford Van Dyke  The Writings of Hartford Van Dyke and Discussions Pertaining Thereto   
 you are a mamby pamby faggot 
 Got more loli's for you all. Especially for you @a. You having fun being proven wrong and having everyone call out your double standards?      Btw who is best girl? Koneko or Mafuyu? 
 	@a another one of those pedo posters who are refusing to even use the Nsfw tag.  plz sort this 
 		You're a god damned liar. I it marked as Nsfw. I just checked. Maybe you should turn that feature off or block me or mute me if you don't like what you're seeing. 
 			i have just double checked.  there is no Nsfw tag.    you don't have to lie. 
 				He's not lying you dumbass.  
 						owo whats dis? 
 							I am not sure, your little yellow arrow is clearly Not pointing to a Nsfw tag.  So what is it? 
 								If it weren't tagged as Nsfw it wouldn't appear like it does in the left image. You really are a fucking retard holy hell 
 A retarded faggot like you couldn’t sell water to a man dying of thirst. 
 A viral video shows a man verbally harassing and assaulting a black Trump supporter in a Starbucks Coffee lobby.    
 	Surprised the raging commie faggot didn't call out the black fella as a white supremacist. These lefties are unhinged. 
 	who is Marie? 
 		 She some ugly bitch that wears these black rim glasses and think she knows it all she used to speak for that faggot Obama  
 First 10 people get bacon. 
 	Take Me Home Cunt Tree Road. Gimme bacon! 
 		  
 		  
 	Welp. That’s more faggot fodder for the death squads.  
 *New Video*   Brazil has a huge election this weekend which the "Brazilian Trump" Jair Bolsonaro is expected to win.   Is he really a right-wing authoritarian and a threat to the world as the left claims, or is he a populist champion?    
 		faggot npc  
 just a Low Iq Nigger Bitch.  
 Notice how all the white supremacists on Gab flooded onto this thread and were unable to coherently respond to the statements I made?  Thus proving that they were Npcs?  All they did was paste all of their usual photo memes, like an Npc is programmed to do, and then upvote and downvote accordingly, like an Npc.  White supremacists are Npcs. 
 	the Npc meme is just the Russian bot meme, fleshed out and flipped back onto the left.  Tbh, it is probably above your ability to understand 
 		Oh, so you admit that you're using the exact same logic as the left.  Thanks, that was my point.  I win. 
 			you win nothing, i was explaning the logic, if you believe being explained to is you winning, you have some serious Irl problems jew 
 				No, I won everything. 
 								Thanks for admitting you were in the retard olympics. 
 Georgetown Professor Says that White Gop senators in Kavanaugh hearing deserve miserable deaths   The professor recently tweeted of Gop senators, "We castrate their corpses and feed them to swine." Bitter ugly dyke is Christine Fair     
 	See? Retarded 
 Trump isn’t Obama. Mattis isn’t whatever feckless cunt Obama had as Secretary of Defense. 
 The crusty cunt part of the duo-Clinton incited it.    
 The Maga bomber was on Twitter. Should Twitter be banned? 
 	No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2.0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros  
 	String em up.  Raise a muzzie - raise a glass!   
 It's coming up for 5 years since I first published the Only expose of how that British state covered-up for 45 years of Muslim gangs raping English schoolgirls.   How many times do you think the media have contacted me for comment?   Zero.  None. Not once.   In the months before the Bbc did their drama and documentary on the grooming gangs, they contacted me asking for a free copy of my book. No mention of me in the credits of either programme. 
 	I  haven't seen the interview on the Bbc the other day with Batten. Apparently the  daft Bbc bint was claiming it was the Bbc that exposed the  muslim rape gangs.they seem to seriously believe  you plagiarised them! 
 		Yeah she did say that but we all know the bbc is part of the cover up do you see rape gangs being mentioned on the evening news no you don't what you see is far right ex Edl leader Tommy Robinson is the enemy he and his follower's are the problem not islam can't stand the bbc 
 		I heard  that was  the case. I couldn't  bring myself to watch it. I've smashed up  too many Tv sets already after watching newsnight one too many times 
 		My book came out in March 2014.  It exposed how the Bbc had done a Panorama in 2008.  They never once mentioned that the gangs were Muslims.   
 		Yes I am well aware of that.  Don't forget I have a copy. But it won't prevent the Msm re-writing history.  
 		When things exist in physical form, there are brute facts that can undermine such revisionism.  That's exactly why I turned to writing books. I could see that the internet was being wiped of dissent as far back as 2011. 
 		ah ok. But don't forget.  Google have already wired up mammals with their interface in to the net that disposes with all things written.in 20 years time everything written will  have  been forgotten.   
 		ah ok. But don't forget.  Google have already wired up mammals with their interface in to the net that disposes with all things written.in 20 years time everything written will  have  been forgotten.   
 More Holes Appear As Records Raise Questions About Ford's Double-Door Story  
 	The whole two doors explanation just sounds completely retarded on its face.  It sounds exactly like the kind of thing someone would pull out of their ass to lend credence to their story. 
 3 of his guys were arrested. Dana White said it was a super duper bad night for the Ufc:     
 		Have you ever tried to ground and pound a bus? The dolly was efficient. 
 		Have you ever tried to ground and pound a bus? The dolly was efficient. 
 I have asked this question to dozens of liberals on Twat and a few here it Gab.  Usually, you'll get one or two oddballs that'll take a stab at something like this.  Not one.  In a year of asking this question 100% of those I've asked it too have refused to respond.  100%.   
 I have asked this question to dozens of liberals on Twat and a few here it Gab.  Usually, you'll get one or two oddballs that'll take a stab at something like this.  Not one.  In a year of asking this question 100% of those I've asked it too have refused to respond.  100%.   
 This is rapper T.I.’s main clown squeeze with blue eye implants. Any wonder why he’s making fantasy videos about Melania? 
 	nigger be dreaming of white women like 99.9% of dindu men 
 even folk is feeling the retarded cringe levels from you. but he has a heart of gold. 
 			There aren't multiple Jewish religions. There is Judaism and there is everything else.  
 				The "12 tribes of Israel" implies that there was more than one group that could call themselves Israelites. I don't call myself an Israelite. Or gods chosen.  
 					Wheres the archeological record proving the "12 tribes of Israel" ever existed?   Its a work of fiction, no evidence it ever existed 
 		Being white doesn't make you special snowflake. 
 		Being white doesn't make you special snowflake. 
 Great news. Loved Get Out.    
 		Yeah, he’s a nigger making anti white propaganda l. What else is new? 
 So Jordan Peterson weighed in on Kavanaugh.  Peterson says Kavanaugh should resign if confirmed. I wholeheartedly disagree.  Wow - so Peterson thinks unsubstantiated baseless charges should be able to destroy a man's life without any corroboration?  Just wow.      
 		I'll give you 3 guesses and the first two don't count. 
 		What virtue is he fucking signalling? What is there to virtue signal about? Can someone explain this to me please? Kavo did nothing wrong! 
 			That probably makes sense. 
 			That probably makes sense. 
 Look at this dumb cunt on Twitter  
 Shouting won't make a difference Tuck Tuck. That is government policy that needs changing. Not working because you don't like where the Govt spend some of your taxes is Not a valid excuse. Have you run this one by Corbyn yet though? He may be quite keen to use it too. Have you paid taxes by the way? You clearly aren't happy with your government ;) 
 				Convenient excuse to be lazy and live off other people's hard work too isn't it ;) 
 					2/ I'm not exactly lazy though.  I work out 5 days a week, 2 hr/day.  I read extensively, I write music, paint, occasionally do free lance work under the table (i.e. no taxes). Kind of like black market in Soviet Union.  As long as I'm not contributing to my replacement, I'm proud.  
 						Mate! Living on Welfare that other people pay in taxes and working on the side is lazy. You're stealing money from genuinely sick and elderly white people too. This is what our lazy underclass do here and they vote for socialism to get more of other people's money. Did you vote for Clinton for that reason? 
 							I can't say I never had welfare.I collected food stamps for almost a year after my divorce to help me feed my kids while I worked my way up where I had a job. After that, I didn't need it any more. So, I think one year out of 45 isn't too bad. 
 								Cool! Way it should be done and what food stamps are actually for. Not to support some lazy racist twat with researching his racism in the library and "working out" all day, in case he pisses off some huge black bloke lol 
 								Cool! Way it should be done and what food stamps are actually for. Not to support some lazy racist twat with researching his racism in the library and "working out" all day, in case he pisses off some huge black bloke lol 
  
 	As if there's anybody left on earth who doesn't know this? 
 			I have perfect understanding when I read English cunt it appears you're the one who's got trouble writing it right? 
 	Breivik is a martyr  
 		These guys are so retarded that they do not realize that a martyr is someone who is killed for his beliefs. Breivik is still alive and well. 
 			Clearly they don't understand Brevik was a Mason doing the work of the Jwo and why Weev promoting him stands out so well. He clearly knows better 
 			Didn't Breivik literally complain about having a PS2 in prison? 
 			Didn't Breivik literally complain about having a PS2 in prison? 
 How these caravans are forcing America into a defensive posture    
 	These caravans can give the Right an excellent rallying point. A line of few thousand people meeting them with loaded rifles pointing southwards will make a Very lasting impression on both sides of the border. Fear is the easiest way to impose social programming, but also the easiest to break it. 
 		I agree.   This is a good way to increase our polarization between those who focus on quality and those who focus on quantity.   The quality people, armed and ready, will send the Left into even more of a panic fury. 
 			Lol, make sure to video your redneck clown show.  
 Look at this Tranny Faggot 
 Hi it’s  from Twitter greetings patriots! I finally moved over to follow   
 	Welcome to Gab!  I love Thomas, also.  
 		Can someone ask him if he still thinks the lack of security footage in vegas is not a problem ? He called me a dummy and told me to never tweet him again. My question was sincere, his response was that of a retarded shill. 
 			He knows the truth behind the deed.  Things are not the way they appear and not the way the government wants us to think they are.  There is no video on purpose. It existed, but we will never see it.  
 				He is a story teller for the feds,  he got mad when I pointed out the lack of security footage,  and how his story did not make sense, your post confirms,  my point, we don't need story tellers, we need the facts. 
 					I agree, but we will never get them.  Not in our life times.  I am sorry to say it.  
 						My point is ,we don't need the wrong story propagated by the likes wictor. He should stop making up stories based on lies. Everybody is tired of fake reality. 
 							I'm not so sure he "makes them up" that is above my pay grade.  But he is a respected pundit on many issues.  So I will not criticize him here.   
 								Pundits are the problem, we let them dictate our agenda, he has zero respect from me and his response to my question proved he is evil. 
 									Well - "evil" is a big word.  I am sorry you had that experience with him but I dare say you are probably not the only one.  
 							What lies?  I notice you didn't elaborate. 
 								Talking about Vegas, better question would be what truth. I asked wictor about the lack of security camera  footage, he called me a dummy and told him never tweet him  again. One camera out of thousands would change every story from wictor on vegas no wonder he got pissed. 
 								Talking about Vegas, better question would be what truth. I asked wictor about the lack of security camera  footage, he called me a dummy and told him never tweet him  again. One camera out of thousands would change every story from wictor on vegas no wonder he got pissed. 
  
 	The hell are they talking about?  Some bullshit globalist trash ment to tarnish minds. Same shit why they keep sending sub 70 Iq retard people to Europe rather than letting them correct their own societies.  Next step will be to say Europe always belonged to Africans. Wait for it. 
 		Ira supporter if I remember right. 
 	will she go full fgm.   
 		Why do you want to do it? Lol 
 		haha hmm. let me think on it.  
 		haha hmm. let me think on it.  
 The Police Who Did This Over A Joint Omg .I Hope TheY All Get The Sack And Locked Up    
 	The police used excessive force and the kid was resisting. Both parties are in the wrong here. The fact that a black woman was yelling "he's not resisting" doesn't change that. Had he complied, there's a good chance he would have gotten off with a warning or a citation. The video shows what happened.  
 		Nuthing To Do With Useing That On That Poor Man Fuck Them I Say Shoot Them Dirty  Cunt Cops 
 	My cache contains some Very unwanted images because some of the filth from your group was directed to my spam box. You want to sue us for calling you guys pedos? Forget a counter suit. I'd much prefer indictments. 
 			Lol you're another sperg I see. Don't worry I assure you that I'm straight and I don't like kids sexually. I think kids are adorable though and I want to have my own one day and raise them to be upstanding citizens that defend liberty wherever they can. Also me Jewish? Lol you flatter me sir, but again you're wrong. 
 			Lol you're another sperg I see. Don't worry I assure you that I'm straight and I don't like kids sexually. I think kids are adorable though and I want to have my own one day and raise them to be upstanding citizens that defend liberty wherever they can. Also me Jewish? Lol you flatter me sir, but again you're wrong. 
 Cunt 
 A Christine Ford look-a-like just stopped by my seat on this  flight and said I want you to know that your hat offends me as a woman  So? I support . How you feel about that isn’t really any of my business.  Surrounding passengers had my back!    
 	"as a woman", is that supposed to mean she's an authority figure? should we respect her just because she rolled the genetic dice and came up the most over privileged and protected group in the world. no must just be her entitlement to be a raging cunt to another person. 
 And another one 
 			Anyone with basic common sense, or access to the internet, should know that jew-soap is a jew-lie. That clip is a mind-numbingly retarded transparent piece of propaganda. Hopefully it's so obviously egregious that it's laughed at by most people and used as an example to undermine the baseless fiction propping up their entire scheme. 
 Twitter put me on my last suspension months ago and I told them to deactivate my account. I got a message someone signed into my account.  I went back in accessed my account and changed my password to be safe.  I than went into deactivate my account but because they suspended me from using my account I can’t deactivate.  There is no one to access.  Their help section is a fucking retarded joke.  I presume they do this to suspended people can not ever leave.  I’m going to talk to an attorney about this convoluting situation.     Has anyone else been lockout of Twitter had similar situation.  Jack the Dork, Ceo  is a menace to freedom and continues to use banned users data for profit. 
 	the time to do it is before they fucked you, now all you can do is sit in a corner and cry, kid 
 		Hardly a kids but I like the referrence, as one.  Twitter, is the shit box your cat   is looking to take a shit in with the little blue faggot  birdie! 
 Gfy Hulu.   We’ll wear whatever the hell we want, you dystopian scolds:   (N.B.: I used a pic from someone’s account instead of making my own. So in the comments, I have posted a link to the still-active Url as of this writing, and GuardAmerican’s own screen grab of the tweet.) 
 	I'm dressing as a nigger picking cotton. 
 	Raise my toupee to that lady . 
 	Raise my toupee to that lady . 
  in action   White privilege 
 	we are sinking in a nigger mud flood 
  
 	Finally,, Hot Water Heater in the Kitchen,, insulated lines. vs  The retarded nonsense standard,  in the basement ~  to out in the garage.  
 Nolte: Why Cnn Must Destroy Kanye West  
 	Rc Davis is a little nigger lover.maybe he should invite kanye over to dinner and let him fuck his wife.Lol. sickening white worm! Lol 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Great, now a gorgeous White, blue-eyed blonde bitch dancing with a Paki boy. They even made her kiss him. That's two White blue-eyed blonde girls the show has forced to kiss a Nigger and a Paki. This racist show needs to be burned-down. What next? They will show the two races best known for raping our girls doing just that? 
 Eric Holder is a twat  
 Eric Holder is a twat  
 	Yep, all they have to do is cool it, and they will conquer Europe by birth rate. Will  they cool it? It's Islam.   I've looked at a lot of Einstein quotes, never seen that one, and seems I would have. 
 			Oh yeah. Sounds like what Schrodinger said. He quit the Quantum Theory in disgust, saying he didn't like it and was sorry he had anything to do with it. He focused on a much less disturbing concept, "What is Life?" He wrote a book by that name, Watson read it, was inspired, and carried it around with him as he discovered Dna with Crick using Schrodinger's Quantum Theory Wave Equation.   Anyway, what was Schrodinger's conclusion in his "What is Life?" book? That we aren't confined to the bones of our skull, we are embedded in the Universe. It's all mixed together. 
 				I passionately agree. I have incessantly blogged about the same thing. That whole concept runs, ad nauseam perhaps, through many, many of my stories. And a sympathetic reader (with time to waste) would see it in both my novels.  
 				I passionately agree. I have incessantly blogged about the same thing. That whole concept runs, ad nauseam perhaps, through many, many of my stories. And a sympathetic reader (with time to waste) would see it in both my novels.  
 I am getting really sick and tired of these fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting demonic tranny porn on Gab.   A lot of people are going to be turned off from Gab for this very reason. 
 	The premise of your book is rather convoluted, no?   
 			I for one thought it was as you just described, enjoyable read  
 				Thanks Jan. Glad you liked it. Not heavy going at all is it. Too many of those books around. Politics is very simple when you cut through all the shite put around by people with their own agenda. Usually the Left. 
 					You're welcome, and you're exactly right most political books are a complete borefest yours cuts through all the rubbish and gets to the point all with a breezy style of writing  
 						Haha Agent Marxist Orange tried to read the free Intro on Amazon. Couldn't even manage that without writing his fake review. Then he came on Twitter anonymously bragging that he hadn't read it. Twat forgot he used his real name on the review. I told my 23,500 followers and he was doxed in 5 minutes. Why he's hated me ever since lol 
 							Oh interesting! some people are extremely sad aren't they  
 												A left wing twat from Twitter.   I was suspended so many times For kicking them ya thick twat. Had to mass cry to Mummy Twitter to make it stop.   And Kitty is Niliyyah Rashid from Leeds. Obese Roanna gave it away on her Facebook page and then confirmed it to me and her ResistingHate Fb followers.   And yet again, you haven't read my book have you lol 
 mamby pamby faggot 
 This Code Pink twat is saying that an allegation is enough to send it to trial. Ben Sharpiro shut her down with logic. I'm sorry Liberal women you have the brains of a retarded gnat. 
 Sometimes, ya just gotta look away from your screen and check out the outside. My favorite season up here in Seattle.   Have a fantastic Sunday! 
 	nigger lover 
 oh boy! another Nigger loving Faggot 
 My pet AllahMo told me that her friend in the next sty was raped by a filthy Muslim b*st*rd. As a result she had one disgusting, ugly filthy, retarded piglet. Her friend is ashamed that that piglet went on to become the Mayor of London and called himself Khan. She named him Pork Moham, after his father.   AllahMo is the one with the spots. Coming to a Mosque near you. 
 u follow too many retarded people Chad   u have ur own self to blame for this 
 The Robot Revolution: The New Age of Manufacturing | Moving Upstream  via  
 	This is what I don't get, because of robotics we need less and less low still jobs, but idiot liberals want more retard 3rd world immigrants, why? So they can be on welfare? 
 Hillbilly wife just got back from Wally World. Said people lined up down the aisles, many carts abandoned, could hardly get in the door. One, repeat one, register open. She was mean as a striped snake and assured me that she had probably shown her bottom(my word). Checked out in electronics! She is pissed and I'm trying to keep my head down. Dogs and cat hiding. I'm to big to hide. :-) 
 	Walmart puts me in a foul mood too.  
 		I almost never go in. Wife said with all the Wally Worlds to the West of Thomasville all the customers seemed to be speaking Ebonics or Spanish. 
 	Doc, sweet tea with a kick. Make sure the fan's blowing on her. Shhhhhhhh. Rolf! 
 		I've learned over the years when to walk softly an Never to carry a big stick. :-) 
 		See, you get it. Happy wife = happy life unless she is a gator as referenced in an earlier post. When she least expects it, give her a little peck on the cheek and then jump outa the way.  
 		I forced a hug and a kiss on her. She's cooled off now. 
 		Doc, I wanted to reply with a gif but went on an image search. I have to go wash my eyes out with bleach after a simple search of "images" and just think I'll stick with gardening for the afternoon. Do they have to wreck everything?  
 	We rode out a 'cane in Florida last year. Walmart was the Least prepared store. Empty shelves, no employees. Publix, which had generators and loyal employees (who also own the company) was back up and running almost immediately.  You'd have hardly known there was a power outage and trees down everywhere once you walked inside the Publix.  
 	 
 	Hope you all are alright.  
 		Doing fine, thanks. 
 	Hate Wally World!  Any trip there eats up at least an hour.  Rather have a root canal.   
 	Hate Wally World!  Any trip there eats up at least an hour.  Rather have a root canal.   
 Hmmm. Didn't See This On The News 
 	His son needs a haircut (at the very least) 
 		He’s a little nigger child. How do you expect a little nigger child to look?  
 	     - To "Add the 'Pride' face from your Apple Watch-- Press the Digital Crown to go to the watch face. Firmly press the display, swipe all the way to the right, then tap. Turn the Digital Crown to see the 'Pride' face. Tap the 'Pride' face. The face automatically appears on your watch". 
 		tim cook might be the sickest faggot still upright. 
  
 	A mannequin as a stand-in.yikes!  
 		Sex robot. But a manly-looking, bull dyke sex robot? Why? 
 Mohammed murders Mohammed.    Muslims wiping each other out in Manchester.     
 	Hang that nigger anyway! 
 Calling police can be dangerous to your health. They can't tell the difference between good guys & bad guys. You may have to choose between self-help & hiding from the police while they do the job for you.    
 	Another badge nigger (outside the house shooting into it-Wtf?) with a license to kill and the training to lie and cover it up. I'll wager the Aurora Iad finds no evidence of wrongdoing and this psychopath will continue to walk the streets armed and dangerous. Unfortunately the taxpayers are going to get screwed again.  
 If Verizon thinks replacing the battery is a "repair" then either they are retarded . or, more likely, they only care about selling me a new phone rather than helping me keep the one I like and stop wasting materials for all these damned phones 
    They call him the cunt juggler   He goes straight for the vajuggular   Gonna squirt his hole jug in her   Feed her the big slug dinner   Virgin pink into thug sinner   His cock is the pink hug winner 
 Diversity is a horror    
 	This is not a diversity problem. In fact, I'm not sure it's a problem at all. It's a few female savages paying cunt price for their own stupidity. These stories must be spread far and wide to deter potential newcomers; I'm surprised the Cnn would do the job. 
 he's been side tracked by Jews pushing nigger beats, supposed to count for for culture and poetry .  do or die shite , useless tripe , wobbly script , unfit hype   
 Angela Merkel’s End Could Spark Eu Implosion!  
 	and that Other Muslim Loving Cunt May Of The Uk Needs To Go As Well.  
 Be On the lookout! A nigger escaped the Democrat plantation! Word is, he is on the Supreme Court! Democrats couldn’t destroy him in 1991. 
 	True  
 	True  
  
 	Lol. They can have my Dd 214 when they rip it from my tattered, dog-eared manilla envelope! 
 		if you are that retarded just kill yourself 
 Simply answer based on what You believe.  Do you believe Wtc Building 1, Wtc Building 2 and Building 7 collapsed into their own footprints on 9/11/01 as a result of demolition explosives or as a result of 2 airplanes? 
 		You did know that gab is the hang-out for 'conspiracy-theorist' didn't you? 
 					I think that's funny. 
 					I think that's funny. 
 		 
 				Someone come get their drunk aunt. Look at this old bitch lmao 
 						I love big titties, just not old saggy ones attached to a drunk. Men generally like young women with some eggs still in the basket. 
 							Which explains the anime of flat-chested school girls. Total pedo.  
 				So if it only includes the shoulder up, assume it's loli porn without evidence and accuse. I get it, now. 
 				So if it only includes the shoulder up, assume it's loli porn without evidence and accuse. I get it, now. 
 	Hey You Faggot Pussy Im Not A Jew ,Just Because You Are Gender Confused And Cunt Go Fuck YouRSELF And Get An Education 
 that ref can receive a dildo directly up his ass now,that was egregious to not call that foul for dre 
 	ball dont lie faggot 
 	kirsten powers appropriates sand nigger cock to throat 
 Keine Ausgangssperre hilft da. Raus ab in Ihre Heimat  mit dem Dreckspack. Ich hätte da auch noch  ne andere Lösung.        
 	Die andere Lösung wäre besser. Wettschwimmen der Nigger und Sandneger gegen die Haie im Mittelmeer 
 A lot probably did. 
 	Conservatives still have an inverted mind that has been brainwashed by the filthy Jews.  They still believe the holohoax lies of the Jew so it keeps their mind in a Trance!  It is a tough go to get it fixed but at least it can be fixed unlike Racist Retarded Democrat Npc Pigs!  I see no hope in recovering their brain at all! Democrats need to be euthanized. 
 Farid Bang, Capo, 6IX9INE, Sch "International Gangstas" (Wshh Exclusive - Official Music Video)    
 		nigger dick sucking gang banger wannabe rap faggot 
 Rt :    Just a reminder:Dems were warned repeatedly that the Fbi cannot conduct a criminal investigation and could only provide a supplemental background check. They didn’t care and demanded an Fbi investigaion. Media/dems now shocked that the Fbi isnt conducting a criminal investigation 
 	demoKKKrats are fucking retarded  
 It's official, Darkscythe has gone nuts. This is so sad, it makes me want to cry. Sitting through 36 minutes of cringe. Hopefully "The Rise and Fall of Darkscythe" won't be that long. The old Darkscythe wouldn't have given a damn. This was not funny.    
 	How was the video bad? Please elaborate Edray 
 		Jar was the one that said he did more work than Darkscythe when that wasn't true. Darkscythe was debunking what Jar said, and Jar had His butt buddy in his video that had nothing to do with Darkscythe or anybody! God you're retarded 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 No one gives a shit faggot 
 The pinnacle of :   1. The Us said from the beginning Canada was not a problem when it came to Nafta. Mexico was.  2. Canada was offered a bilateral deal. Freeland refused.  3. Mexico and the Us drafted a bilateral deal -- UsMCA.  4. Freeland takes deal on last day, on the State's terms.  5. Freeland / Trudeau caused a One Year in delay causing $Bs of dollars in lost investments in to Canada.  6. Tariffs are still there, as Canada still refuses to close the China-loop where China is abusing the old Nafta construct.  7. Oh, but look at FakeNews. Read this in a baby voice so liberals can understand: Who's "saving the country"? 
 	Macleans prints another Crock of Shit !  Speaking of Shit, there;s Freeland ! 
 		Macleans only exists because the retarded asshole Justin Trudeau gives them government money to prop up their failed business. 
 	either we live in a rape culture and you instigate rape by going out alone and being easy prey, or we dont live in a rape culture and youre a hysteric retard Npc  lets get it 
 	I referred to you as a cunt, not a kike loving cunt - might you be projecting here? 
 Fact: You can have the best weather report show in the world, but it won't make any difference to what the weather does.   The same is true of Beltway politics. But at least if you predict the path of a hurricane more accurately than others, your listeners can gain from that.   How would accuracy in predicting how Trump will betray us ever help?    
 		I would understand it if it could be couched as 'normie outreach'. But Ann Coulter is doing a better job Tbh 
 		 
 		That? 
 		Normie outreach? What normie will listen to those two faggots? They're voices are shit.  
 Ok Folks, Jewish people were just killed at a synagogue.  All bets are off.  There is going to be a huge push for censorship of "hate speech" now.  It's time to stand your ground.  Refuse to be silenced.  Just because a crazy man committed a terrible act doesn't mean that You committed a terrible act.  Don't allow them to group you in with him.  Speak forever free. 
 	All coordinated acts by Liberals.for just saying that the bombs were fake I got a Facebook warning letter charging me with violence. 
 		I've been banned for '7 days' from Twitter since the 15th for 'hate speech' after I called someone retarded for saying the most ludicrous shit and supporting hate speech of another. All the posts are still up, but I'm suspended. Genius.  
  
 	once a nigger, always a nigger. Not all African American Negroes are niggers. Most are good people. But becoming a Nigger is by choice. 
 This story is bullshit. This guy has gone to multiple rallies just to strategically placed himself for  propaganda. In between rallies he's tried to change his appearance, intentionally, by cutting and dying his hair. We've found him, the people he is with, and their network of intentionally pushing this to make everything look organic. Btw, this is the same guy with the Q shirt that Trump pointed at. He was screaming like a maniac to get Trumps attention. This from his own account. But It was pushed as Trump just noticing the Q shirt and acknowledging it. So I have  and the people that helped him.  
 		I don't think it ever happened. To date he hasn't come out to the floor section to pose for photos. Also, this guy has attended multiple rallies , changed his appearance in between, and used previous interactions for Q propaganda.all while never saying it was him. He just pushed it as "proof". No worries. I learned their entire network last night. I know who's doing it and how it's done.  
 		I don't think it ever happened. To date he hasn't come out to the floor section to pose for photos. Also, this guy has attended multiple rallies , changed his appearance in between, and used previous interactions for Q propaganda.all while never saying it was him. He just pushed it as "proof". No worries. I learned their entire network last night. I know who's doing it and how it's done.  
 Liberals Flood Capitol Hill To Protest Kavanaugh  via  
 	Babydoll?  What a nigger mysogynistic uneducated pig!  That fat bastard should be ashamed of himself.  I bet he diddles his sister.  This dumb fat fuck never watched the hearings.  He's just believing the lies.  I bet he was raped as a child. 
 Colin Powell on morals? You gotta be shittin me!   Where is that vial of anthrax you evil liar. You killed a million Iraqis for nothing. The bitch next to him killed half a million Iraqi children because she thought it was 'worth it'.    
 	Look who opinionates ==>> Puppet of the War Criminals! 
 		dumbass nigger who made it through life cuz he's a dumbass nigger. and a leftist Pos 
 These people are supposed 'refugees' trying to escape all of the oppression in their own country.  Why then are they carrying the Honduran flag as they march on America?  Only invaders do that.   Militarize the border Mr. President, the Mexican federales say they are arriving to facilitate their invasion into America and deploying our military to protect our borders and the American people is long overdue.    
 	If they loved their country they would stay and fix it. But it is about "free stuff", we all know that. Same for the masses swarming Europe the past few years. Like moths to a flame, if you dangle free stuff in their face the deadbeats will come. Cut all social services to all but citizens and watch them turn around. 
 		Damn socialists screwed their country but they are so retarded they keep voting these vermin back  
 		Not really jermaine. You just participated aswell. Discusting  
 			You Flogged a dude named Germaine    Should have kept that to yourself, one more thing that was a dumb Af comeback  
 				Sorry Joanne.  
 					You ruined it    Dumb af troll 
 						Joseph look at the interactions I've had in the past 10 hours 8 people can't wait to reply to me. How many you got. Fuck all  
 							Look guys a Chicken is making me look dumb Af,    Well because I am a dumb af Troll with splouge on the mind   Thats what you wanted to say    Right John 
 								What guys stop looking for help. Don't see me doing that.  
 											Not worried about being a faggot. Gab has given me six men replying to me. Joblow not disappointed with you  
 Imagine this is you - what do you say? 
 	you have to keep these opinoins to yourself in the nigger job space 
  
 	Faggot scumbag typical democrat jackass 
 	 
 	 
  
 	What am I missing here? I cannot recognize what that is? 
 		It's a crayon, not a fish. I think the joke would have been better as "I bought my retarded nephew a goldfish today." 
 Trumpsters are so profoundly stupid they think these photos are real.funny you Never see live uploaded phone videos from trump rallies 
 	When you live in an information bubble why are you surprised that you are not seeing actual images from the rallies - there are plenty of them but of course it takes some effort to get around the censorship your commie mates apply - this photo might be fake but Trump gets thousands more at his rallies than any of the traitorous dimwits in your leadership 
 		Sorry Retard Read The Post. if you believe trump -you are a profoundly stupid sheep. Maga? Purge Antiamerican right wing filth from our soil. Trump is the fucking traitor and his followers are fascist sheep. Trump should hang in Gitmo for treason. His supporters should be rounded up and shipped back to russia. 
 fake breastts, fake hair, caked on make-up this is what the jew faggot does to women & of course they love partnering them with niggers, niggers only respond to things amped up to the max - maximum bass, maximum spice etc they've 0 appreciation for subtleties & distinctions hence why they love blacking fake women 
 They get charged with a crime, put them on the next damned place out--no trial.  Taxpayers don't need to fork out additional money for blood-sucking leeches on our back whom we don't here in the first place.  I'm sick of their cultures, their crime, their language forced on us.  To hell with the lot.  We speak English here, not jungle bob, raghead or punjabi. 
 I know Henry Viii wore fantastically oversized codpieces at the height of the craze, but this? . . . .    
 		Nope, nothing less than the whole vajayjay costume . . .  
 		Could get a bit messy on a number of levels 
 		Could get a bit messy on a number of levels 
 Funny how Soros, Clinton, Obama and Cnn, all major players in establishing victimhood politics, are now being painted as "victims" themselves.   But people like Ben Shapiro claim you're "deranged" for thinking this might be a leftist plot to gain sympathy from voters before the midterms.   Another braindead Npc. 
 	I was just thinking, I really hope someone like that faggot Ben Shapiro comes along and tells me how to think today. 
 Mgtow is a defeatist ideology for sad lonely men who have been broken by evil women.   Mgtow is also a necessary stepping stone in understanding female psychology, a subject that men have been totally kept in the dark about due to a lack of wisdom from their fathers and a lack of honesty and self-awareness from their mothers.   But the deeper red pill is that men need to start acting like men again and reclaim their destiny and their women.   Mgtow is a cop-out on that path.   Quit your crying, and become the man you were meant to be. 
 	I would say: Mgtow is a defeatist ideology for sad lonely men who have never been successful with women. More Mgtow types have never really been with women at all than have been mistreated by them. at least that is what I picked up from my discussions with these defeated men. 
 		On top of that, there’s plenty of men who fuck women and are Mgtow. Because they didn’t marry, they have resources. That means the hottest women want to suck their dick. Lol. The ironic thing is the only time I didn’t get laid when I was married. So if your a faggot who dislikes pussy, marry away. It will help the blue pilled Marxist boss like you.  
 Gee I am white, a country boy redneck and a southern rebel. My family frequently visits Applebees. Almost all the waitress are black. I tip very large. Sometimes my tip will equal the cost of our meal and our meals are general around $135.00. Usually I just tip half or around $70.00. So one idiot putting up a sign does not mean a thing.and when the truth comes out, we will probably discover it was a black who hates Trump who put the sign up. I just do go for this racial bull shit nor liberals trying to use it to manipulate black votes. 
 Gee I am white, a country boy redneck and a southern rebel. My family frequently visits Applebees. Almost all the waitress are black. I tip very large. Sometimes my tip will equal the cost of our meal and our meals are general around $135.00. Usually I just tip half or around $70.00. So one idiot putting up a sign does not mean a thing.and when the truth comes out, we will probably discover it was a black who hates Trump who put the sign up. I just do go for this racial bull shit nor liberals trying to use it to manipulate black votes. 
 I'm an American Jew and have been on Gab since the day they started in August 2016. Yes, there are some hateful jerks here speaking freely. But I'm a mature adult and can handle it. I just don't follow them.   The majority of us here on Gab are nice people who want to have Free Speech. 
 	Doesn't matter. You don't fit the narrative , so therefore you don't exist. Gab Is Foar NAZIs! Even though there's maybe 300 of the little fucks, total, including the larps and socks, to over 700,000 of the rest of us. 
 				You are nigger shit 
 The jew dyke to blame for multiculturalism    
 Time To  
 	What the fuck are you talking about?   Ive been to my ruby tuesday in trump shirt and maga hat idk how many times. Not only do they serve us, but they love us. We are treated as VIPs there.   Where the fuck are you getting this nonsense from? 
 		 
 			Did I step on a retard or did u link this 3 times? 
  Police Chief Defends Deputy Who Stayed in Car During Terror Attack  Muslim convert mowed down pedestrians before fatally stabbing a police officer    
 	Cunt defends cowardly cunt 
 Til that Sammy Davis Jr didn’t only overcome racism over being black when he became famous in the 50s. He was one of the first openly bisexual pop singers, he was Jewish in perhaps the most anti-Semitic period in modern American history, and he only had one eye!     
 	Ugly one-eyed kike nigger 
 I'm just gonna throw this theory out there. maybe it's the people who blame every inconvenience they've ever experienced on whiteness, white privilege or white supremacy who are actually in need of racial bias training. 
 	No minority group anywhere will ever feel at home so long as they are a minority. You can't blame them, either. Our countries were built by us for us, based on our legal systems, enforcing our standards and upholding our values. When whites become minorities in their own countries we'll know full well why being a minority sucks. We must not let that happen. 
 		You're ignoring the genetic concerns of the future. You can't assimilate less intelligent races into civilizations built by more intelligent people because of genetics. Remember, 65 is the average Iq of africans. That's mentally retarded by European standards, and intelligence is linked to genetics. 
     Breed came out hard against the measure, saying it lacked collaboration, could attract homeless people from neighboring counties to the city, and could cost middle-class jobs in retail and service. San Francisco has already dramatically increased spending on homelessness, she said, with no noticeable improvement. 
 	Here's one for u. Food stamps are a govt subsidies that by every empirical obs produces nigger shit.  Govt doesn't pay for toilet paper, tooth paste, deoderant. Nothing for hygene. Crazy huh? It's as if they want a plauge or pestilence. 
 	well then, get the fuck out, sand nigger 
  
 	One Muzzie idiot endorsing yet another idiot!   
 	if you're not out with signs naming the Jew (and others) then you're a faggot and don't deserve the first amendment. it works. it's competitive speech. They can't compete with competitive speech that's why it's outlawed everywhere else.  
  *Warning* The Next Civil War!    Douglas M. Ducote Sr.  Published on Oct 10, 2018  American Patriots.Pray For Peace But Be Ready! Watch Your Six! Prepare Yourself and Family! Don't Ever Get Complacent! 
 	Redneck Ranger 26 minutes ago  I am 100% Against all the Violence and Everyone doing the violence or calling for the violence should go to jail. However, I am armed Very Well and will Not hesitate to "Protect" my family, friends, and neighbors. 
 	Redneck Ranger 26 minutes ago  I am 100% Against all the Violence and Everyone doing the violence or calling for the violence should go to jail. However, I am armed Very Well and will Not hesitate to "Protect" my family, friends, and neighbors. 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 		Scream At The Sky Soyboy! 
 		Scream At The Sky Soyboy! 
 Nothing is ever diverse enough for these people. 
 	Gotta love when so many ads these days, especially for the government, picture more shitskins than whites even though we are still a majority (in our own countries, not for long). They aren't even making any effort to hide the fact they are blatantly trying to replace us. 
 		You are right there, for some time my bank had an ugly ass nigger on the main page. Was glad when that was changed, recently I saw that the Swedish Ebay had some lame charity crap going on. Getting a bit tired of seeing niggers in all of the advertisements we have here. 
  
 	So we can add witness tampering and subornation of perjury to the long list of Ford's felonies that she will get the cunt pass on and walk away from Scot free. 
 Chick-A-Boom . . Chick-A-Boom   (Don't Ya Jes Love It)                   
 	The fucking sand nigger is Still alive too.  Remember? How they  buried him at sea.  Bullshit! He’s Still alive! 
  
 	U should spend more time here.I'm in Twatter jail again for a frigging week ! 
 		Evidently calling Kirsten Powers a Retard is  by Heterosexually challenged Jack Dorsey's Minions  If Trump switched to Gab.TwatCity would be a ghost town 
  
 		That's retarded liberals for you. 
 Graham Calls for Renegotiation of U.S. Defense Deal with Israel: "I want to give Israel more for missile defense."     
 	I fucking hate you faggots who push this faggot on our people. Fuck you all. Go take a jewish dick, you pieces of shit. 
 You R A Dumb Cunt Ask A Question And Answer It DumbASS 
 Commie Pinko Sjw Cunt Bitch ! 
 "Okay, this is epic." 
 	Yeah that was my second choice also. 
 		fuck off squeaky yid cunt 
 Oh dear. 
 	The definition of a woman who should Never have children. 
 			She certainly has been misled. tempted to ask the sad  puppet/ agentur where such a thing is written in the Koran?  All Roads Lead Back To    & "The Heritage Society"      Just ask   puppet/ agentur  
 			She certainly has been misled. tempted to ask the sad  puppet/ agentur where such a thing is written in the Koran?  All Roads Lead Back To    & "The Heritage Society"      Just ask   puppet/ agentur  
 Jack Dorsey: "Saying Twitter Free Speech Was A Joke"  via  @a      Me: Wow, how is this piece of shit not in prison? 
 	Jack Dorsey is a fairy gay faggot that supports pedophilia on Twitter.  
 Monarchy. What people think . 
 	Worked for more than 1000 years. We have yet to have a republic last more than 500 before falling apart and requiring a King 
 		Fucktard, there are no men in power who have any connection to any actual divine entity or their blessing to rule. So this definition is as worthless as it was in 1500. 
 			Did I say there was? I was speaking of Monarchy itself which is the longest running system in history. It works. Republics are few and far between and the longest known Republic only lasted for 500 years before turning into a Monarchy 
 				I get it, you have nothing better to do than to post things with absolutely Zero relevance to anything entertaining or holding a redeemable point to current events. I just don't get why? 
 					I was commenting on a post about Monarchy did I claim it has to do with current events? And what I stated was objectively true. It is the longest running system of governance and works. Republics are statistically short-lived. That's just fact. Do you have nothing better to do than go around commenting on posts you hold no interest in since they are not current? 
 							Holy cunt bag, you claim to be non liberal right? A whining little bitch like you? You sound just like those people you claim to be against when someone puts your dumb ass down. Lmfao Pussy. 
 	Jew most-definitely is a race. The 'Canadian Culture' is an amalgam of British and French cultures. There is a reason we speak only English and French. British and French people are? Let me help you. They are White as the driven Canadian snow. I absolutely do care what race you are. You are absolutely a racist of the highest order. Perhaps you should leave? 
 			    And the train just keeps running over you. 
 				So, you are using Nazi Germany and a lawyer calling Jews a race more credible than demographics/statistics from the government of Canada?  
 					I notice you ignored the Jews actually stating they are a race themselves. How very interesting. Are you to suggest they are liars? You anti-Semite.   Tell me the Jew race then. Go ahead. 
 							They are a race that has indeed mixed with Europeans, which has led to them being called 'European Jews'. A Jew is a Jew is a Jew. 
 																		No you demanded, and claimed him as yours. Hence self righteous faggot statement. I just talked to Jesus an he confirmed that yes indeed you are a cunt.  
 Read The Posts I told you. You sound retarded with the name calling. 
 		You missed 2 spelling errors and a grammatical error. 
 		I guess I did. 
 		I guess I did. 
  
 	All we can hear are their fat thighs chaffing together as the waddle  
 		Ya Ya Ya what is wrong with people today if your a dike your a dike I don't want to hear about or see it  So your canoe lickers, good for you . Your pussy can.t roar if it could you would be in  a porno and your not so how about shutting the fuck up Ooooo shit by the way if that's what your cunt hair look's like you might have crab's  
 			What Bible versus is it that said? I don't remember that at all from Sunday school.  
 				Another one that's never read the Bible.   Blessed are the Poor, for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.   The Rich are as likely to enter Heaven as a camel is to pass through the eye of a needle.   Something about that you find complicated? He says it repeatedly. 
 					Okay so Matthew 19:24. He says 'easier' not 'likely'. Because a rich man wouldn't give up their earthly possessions as I read it.   
 						Uh huh, and just how "easy" is it for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle? And it's harder than that, rarer than that (which has never happened).   Yes, it was after a rich man asked Jesus how to be his follower, and Jesus said you have to give all your money to the poor. Needless to say, the rich man wasn't thrilled about it. 
 							Well, he was the Son of God.  
 								As are we all sons of the Living Father. 
 														You too, best wishes. 
  
 	Yes, but.   Did She Swallow? 
 		fuckin nigger whore 
 Who got a noble peace prize. White cunt vrs half a white cunt. My guess is neither. Other half of the white cunt one it. The black side.  
 In the wake of the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting  declares Gab to be a cesspit and a recruiting ground for Feds!   Personally, no attempts by anyone to recruit this account for anything.  You? 
 	>anglin says something retarded  new day, same old shit  
 .bring back internment camps. 
 	Didn’t that faggot chink rape some dude? 
 The New "Sexy".   I'll take old sexy Any day. 
 	I don't know I saw that buggy and instantly thought of Rosemary's baby. What kinda spawn is in there?  
 		Either nigger or creatura  
 Oh look, another white trash cockroach. Good to know there are still parasites like you walking this Earth, so I get to fuck you people up when I cross the paths of you cowardice faggot dick eaters.Bye bye now Stupid! lol! 
 Captain Cook statue to be removed in New Zealand after local Mauris say he was a murderer!     
 		Just a look at the evolution of my attitudes over the last two decades. 
 			Yep after watching Jim's last stream I Really hope the left does kick off the civil war so I can have an excuse to 1488 them My Way. 
 			 
 			my evolution over the same time frame, in a nutshell 
 				That's fair, but I am still a libertarian.   The kind that lives in the woods cleaning their guns and waits for Ted Kaczynski's prophesies to come to fruition. 
 				That's fair, but I am still a libertarian.   The kind that lives in the woods cleaning their guns and waits for Ted Kaczynski's prophesies to come to fruition. 
 Fascism is a healthy civilization's natural immune response to Communism. With the rise of Antifa in America it is only natural that Fascism is gaining in popularity here. Just like during the Weimar Republic of Germany the Antifa Communist agitators gave rise to the Nazis. We need to either crush Antifa soon or prepare yourself for Hitler version 2.0  \o 
 	Fascism is left wing, get your ideology straight hitler was a lefty. 
 		I noticed some retard down voted without comment 
 		Defend yourself but don't take the bait.  Stay away from them-only defend yourself if your life is in danger. Do not be aggressive. They are attempting to lure us into a melee so victimhood can be toted out by fake news.  
 				You should pay attention  is correct. As soon as we get "aggressive" they are waiting to label us domestic terrorists. Then all bets are off 
 						Strength above the shoulders will beat strength below the shoulders every time. 
 							This is Weak. And weakness.     Its like saying Trump will never be Prez or like saying Jobs will never come    back from China. 
 								Is that the only response your programmed with?    Better weak than stupid.   Weak can get stronger but you can't fix stupid 
 														U(You)  keep talk'n (talking) like a Dem-Commie cunt. Go join the bitchs(bitches) & us(we) men will do the heavy stuff. I thought I mute you. Your (You're) muted dummy.   (rest my case) 
 Just a reminder. You do have a right to a gun. It's those that took or seek to take firearms away from you that don't have the right.      
 		 hahah really, you just can't win. To meme or not to meme when you don't look up the background of a meme is a game of russian roulette. 
 		I don't disagree with the sentiment, of course, it's just the hypocrisy of that fool that astonishes me.although it shouldn't 
 		I don't disagree with the sentiment, of course, it's just the hypocrisy of that fool that astonishes me.although it shouldn't 
 Too. Much. Information.    
 	This retard thought connecting symbols were swastikas.  
 Is IsLAM A Cult? 
 	Yikes!  That left a mark!   This is what, wrapping their fantasies around really, gets them. 
 		Lmao faggot 91 / 100 say you a pos 
 Glad to be here, need a new platform as Facebook has gone to the globalist dogs, by hiring that cunt Nick Clegg 
 While she did have a few good moments, Haley is Still a neo-con and establishment crony who advocated the very foreign policy positions that  ran against. So good riddance!  
 	good the cunt is history  
 When one has nothing to offer but insults (fill in the blank with the first thing that comes to mind) ____________________ 
 	Well, that's a whole lot of fairy gay faggot shit. 
 Subject: Obama rated Fifth Best President according to A&M Study  Texas A&M Study Calls Obama 5th Best President in Us History.     Good research work by a fine institution!   From a total of 44 Us Presidents: Obama is rated as the fifth best.   The A&M's Public Relations Office released this statement "After almost eight years in office, Americans have rated President Obama the fifth best President ever."   These are the details according to Texas A&M:   1. Reagan & Lincoln tied for first,   2. Twenty three presidents tied for second,   3. Seventeen other presidents tied for third,   4. Jimmy Carter came in fourth, and   5. Obama came in fifth. 
 	funny considering he was the worst and an usurper, lying moslem fraud faggot 
 Since absolutely no Hondurans apparently want to be in Honduras, and nobody wants white nationalists here, perhaps we could arrange some kind of swap where absolutely everybody in Honduras gets amnesty and we get Honduras. 
 		A lot of them  deserve to be liquidated.  
 		A lot of them  deserve to be liquidated.  
 Faggot 
 Serena Williams ruined it       
 		Lookatmuh nigger behavior .Emily you are funny. 
 Liberals Are Fucking Scum !   Every Single Last Of Them ! 
 	Usual fat ass cunt losers !  
 and those of Us With Working Brains, Never Voted For That Nigger MUsLIM Fraud Either. Or The Cunt Hillary Beast.  
  
 	Cunt News Nitwork 
  Being a shill for "Dont do this, it will end up badly" got you muted and booted.   Stop Undermining The Movement, you fucking faggot shills. 
 Regarding the otherwise excellent Tay Tay post, it is regularly asserted in "The Blinds" that the boyfriends paraded before the world and paps are always contract beards (is that right here?) for her.  
 		Our Aryan Rugmuncher! I get a dyke vibe from Kloss, so who knows? The pics of Swift with boys are awkward because those guys look flamingly gay. Maybe swift just needs the rough touch of a real man. 
 this is retarded 
 Another piece of human sewage Racist Retarded Democrat! 
 Rt :    New Raj Chetty study of income mobility finds privileged Great Plains working class whites still hogging most of Magic Dirt, while blacks and Native Americans are still stuck on Tragic Dirt   Graph of working class upward mobility: blue good, red bad:      
 	As Zimbabwe proved once you kill off those pesky Whites the wealth just flows to everyone else, right? 
 			They keep trying to starve themselves but nice White ppl keep frustrating their efforts! 
 			Shitlibs no doubt. Let our "racial equals" grow the food and feed themselves. That'll prove race is only skin deep. Lol. 
 			Heh! 
 			Heh! 
 Men are the natural protectors of the Family and the Tribe; the masters of the physical realm, and hard-taught life lessons. This is a concept that any parent ought to understand. Anyone who says otherwise either isn't a guardian of his own children, or he is completely, and utterly suffering from a mental poison.      
 	They should be but they aren't; see there is a hundred million man tribe that is currently the master. Men cannot lead when there is a 100+ million man tribe ensuring that inability. Wake-up. Christians asked and allowed for this, no one has stopped it and no one will for the foreseeable future. Adjust accordingly.  
 		White men can lead regardless of whatever other tribes wish. All that is required is the will.    
 			 The human will is a powerful thing.  Given the choice, men will always fight for Freedom!  
 							Fighting is men's work. The fact you want to pass that on to women says all I need to know about you. 
 								Keep grovelling to women, & keep dying on your knees to useless inferior women, pussified faggot 
 Because NormieCucks are thralls to nigger worship.  
 Now my question is if this is just normal crime as the Sa government implies Why is 5 black males doing this to One harmless woman? Why?   Wake up white males. This is the soft target. Our wives. Women and children. Ffs wake up. We are not frogs slowly boiling. We are jellyfish. Spineless. This is our families. This is our people. And this is okay. We need to grow b@lls or we are history. Wake up 
 			Bro we live in a world of girlymen. No Fuking Balls. That Sure Aint Me. Nigger GENoCIDE. They Wont Be Missed NoT Native To Usa Anyway. Gtfo 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Black teacher calls an Asian student Chink and tells her to be less Asian, but states she didn't do it to be Racist!   Then, she mentions that her babysitter is Asian.    She's obviously using him as a shield against the accustion. 
 		Shonterikka Williams? Nigger ought to be fired for a name like that, never mind calling anyone a Chink. I did not say Nigger to be racist!  
 Rt KayaJones    The left only cares for the minorities they can control. Sounds like the plantation never ended if you ask me.   
 	if it wasn't for those mental retard leftest's you'd be in a mental hospital,getting gender helped,,,soy boy,,,,lol,,,but you are correct,,democrats love their slaves,, 
 i saw it be4 i say it again   i like gab eventho da white devils come after my black ass on here 24 7   it shood be illegal to mute or block a Poc on gab when u block or mute a Poc you is digitally lynching they pixels   i think gab need a White Mute button so that all the white devils on gab be muted so Poc have more voice 
 	Nobody is gonna block you nigger Jamal, we love  you lul 
 Yes.and we must Never say Nigger either 
 Yes.and we must Never say Nigger either 
 Look at the bottom of the story where "abcnews" praises Dick Van Dyke for his huge donation to conservatives.   Did you really think abcnews would praise a conservative?    Plus 59 Million is not allowed directly as political donation. I looked at another story on the "abcnews.live" site and saw more overflowing praise for conservatives.   Not abcnews!   
 Look at the bottom of the story where "abcnews" praises Dick Van Dyke for his huge donation to conservatives.   Did you really think abcnews would praise a conservative?    Plus 59 Million is not allowed directly as political donation. I looked at another story on the "abcnews.live" site and saw more overflowing praise for conservatives.   Not abcnews!   
 "Unpaid Intern" Who Doxxed Republicans, was Not an Intern at all!   We can't let this story go cold. I believe it is the one that will bring down the house of cards.   Jackson Cosko was not unpaid, as Sheila Jackson Lee stated.                                                                                                    @studentoflife                    
 	Ropes, even New Ones Have a Tendency to Break I'm Voting Guillotine 
 		If Guillotines are Good Enough for Lib Left Commies & Faggot Muslims to use on us I say they're Good Enough to use on them 
     Anon:   King nigger Npc'd 
 When one has nothing to offer but insults (fill in the blank with the first thing that comes to mind) ____________________ 
 	Fucking faggot 
 Huge conspiracy involving half the planet and amy schumer's asshole and a nigger hugging a banker on Tv.   Or some rich kikes who think it'd be better if white people disappeared? 
 The ugly four eyed cunt wasn't raped she wasn't even touched  she's a fucking liar ! 
 The journey is almost as important as the destination. 
 	Nazis dindu nuffin.  
 			You wish. Sorry Skippy. 100 per cent heterosexual and staying that way. 
 				Your previous post says otherwise. Skippy. 
 					Keep wishing Skippy. It ain't gonna change anything. 
 						Not wishing. Skippy. You're the one posting faggot bullshit, do it's obviously you that has the fantasy. Skippy. 
 							You mad Skippy? 
 								No. Are you? Skippy. 
 								No. Are you? Skippy. 
 Catholic University suspends dean of social service school for tweeting that Kavanaugh accuser Julie Swetnick 'admitting she had sex with underage boys'     
 	War on men won't stop till people make a choice to make it stop, and end the left wings retarded bullshit 
 	Steve,  in English please.  lol 
 		Who are those trolls?  Join in why? 
 		Ok,  I am totally confused 
 		What are you talking about? 
 		What are you talking about? 
  
 		He's a Legend in his own Lunchtime 8-) 
 		He's a Legend in his own Lunchtime 8-) 
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 		nigger + faggot = niggot 
 Democrat Silly Season. Cuomo sends in the troops.   Clearly an effort to motivate Democrat base. Pathetic and desperate.   Gov. Cuomo: "Out of an abundance of caution, I am deploying additional National Guard"    
 	Out of an abundance of caution? What language is that? I know the words are English.but I don't recognize the language. Is that remedial retard English? 
  
 			predators plain and simple. and their moms offer them up. disgusting. 
 			Exactly. 
 			Exactly. 
 Asian sex gang of 20 men whose trial led to Tommy Robinson's arrest are jailed for more than 200 years for drugging and raping vulnerable girls as young as Eleven in seven-year reign of terror       43 gangs down and many more to go. Raping non Muslims for 1400 years.     
 	Deport The Pakistani Commumity 
 			Paedophile judge Marsden has such low morals he should be castrated and his eyes gouged out 
 			Watched it. I was sexually abused by 2 paki men when I was 15 in 1968. I was just walking down the street in broad daylight they were seen and were given a good beating  
 			I hope you got a gun and killed them because I would of  
 				No guns   But pakis sexually abused or raped young white girls as soon as their filthy feet Touched Uk soil.    Media called our lads protecting females Nazis and paki bashers    The piss poor Media never even investigated why it was happening    Now today 1 million girls raped I'm so angry 
 			Millions of victims, scarified on the alter of 'multiculturalism' for virtue  signalling purposes, The  have blood and tears of our children on their hands. 
 				David Cameron who wants a muslim. Prime minister of the Uk hasn't sold his young daughter an old muslim fuckwiit.    Even though she's of age    Cameron Sold Working Class Children To Muslims.   He Must Die Painfully Really Painfully 
 				David Cameron who wants a muslim. Prime minister of the Uk hasn't sold his young daughter an old muslim fuckwiit.    Even though she's of age    Cameron Sold Working Class Children To Muslims.   He Must Die Painfully Really Painfully 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 		Of course he is smiling. He gets to rape, er I mean dance with a gorgeous young White, blue-eyed blonde girl, the stuff of Nigger dreams. 
 Fortunately, we don't have to choose.   We can ignore the former and let them Maga on with their tax cuts while going after the latter who are the real enemy 
 	Antifa are Not "the real enemy." They are barely relevant except to costume clowns and $Plc media whores. 
 		The definition of the enemy is someone who wants to physically harm you. By that standard, Antifa is definitely our enemy 
 			Antifa r enemies. Many r White=race traitors. They publicly attack Whites that speak up for our interests. Don't fear us.  Internal enemies r most dangerous(antifa,political/media/academia/religious whores etc). Until All enemies are dealt with Harshly we will be deservedly ridiculed. Enemies must fear publicly opposing us if we r to be victorious. 
 				Yes, we agree that nobody fears trumptards or those faggot CONservatives. Antifa & other related groups have been concentrating their attacks on them since 2016. They just keep taking it. Turn the other cheek christ-insanity & all.  Good chance the left will go too far & Whites will strike back.  The more violence, radicalization & polarization the better. 
 First of all, white is not beautiful, second of all you are overstepping your bounds when you attack a friend of mine, make your next words count because I won't 
 		Any chance in hell you going to join this conversation or I'm not going to sit here twiddling my thumbs? 
 			Do whatever the fuck you want you stupid cunt 
 Interesting back story to this: James Allsup previously had warned friends and family of this girl about the risks of dating blacks.  
 	Lmao they're mad at "racist whites" but not the nigger that actually killed her! Stupid mudsharks! 
 America-Hating Marxist Black Supremacist Eric Holder  the Only Sitting Attorney General in History to be Held in Contempt of Congress for Lying  Questions the ‘Legitimacy’ of Supreme Court After Justice Kavanaugh Confirmation   
 		nigger muslims  
 War on Choice: Uk Government Sets ‘Calorie Cap’ for Pizzas, Burgers Even Soup    
 	I’m guessing brits cannot think for themselves so Mommie May is thinking for y’all.   Geeze, vote that twat Out! 
  
 		N-O-ggers just wanna live forever, like Blk are. The Mental Disorder is noting why a "superior" people, are so envious of an "inferior" people? And why white-sperm is so Weak.   
 What your posts about owning excessive guns say about you:   
 		I shit on you and entire liberal fucking faggot soy-boy dipshit ilk. You live in a fool’s paradise.  You’re so ignorant you don’t know about what it is you don’t even know.  Later fella.  
 What kind of retarded shit is that? I'd lose my job for this kind of "study". Restricting population to urban whites with a college degree? Yeah, that's representative.  Upd: Posting more "research" like that will get you muted. You're free to pollute Gab, I'm free not to waste my time on stupidity. 
 Title 9 skank Taylor Not-So-Swift "breaks her silence." Like we all didn't know she was a man-hating closet bull dyke liberal. She only dates men so she can throw them under the bus in her next man-bashing song. You do Not have "Tennessee values" Taylor. You have sick & twisted pervert Hollywood values.   Women who stand against rotten bitches like you lying about rape are the ones who possess True "Tennessee values." We lynched too many black men in the South over skanks & their phony rape accusations. Burned entire towns like Rosewood & Greenwood to the ground over the "values" of skanks like Swift.    
 Yeah right  
 		you stupid Sumbitch! 
 			As they say, stupid goes all the way to the bone. 
 			As they say, stupid goes all the way to the bone. 
  
 	We call him a hopeless DemocRat twat 
 Jamal kashoggi.Moslem Brotherhood sympathiser. Why does America care he's dead ? 
 		Barry: I probably had fairy gay faggot sex with him too. 
 Mattoid Parrott will have to cum back the same way he got in -- by blogging as a ZOGtard whigger ass-clown. Maybe [un-de]generate iysse;lfg a 12-Step Program of ZOGling Whigger Ass-Clowns Anonymous{e}.  We who be born white and suffered "whiggerfuktardation" need to know how to overcum-cum it. 
 dear dudes with wives/gfs who still support dr. ford,   the question you need to ask yourself is: "would she poison my food?" 
 	Sorry -- I'm from Australia and missing something here. Does she think abortions are contraceptives? 
 		Yes bc she’s a demoralized cunt feminist. Her parents didn’t teach her how to be a woman. She doesn’t speak for all women over here, thank the Lord! 
 k so retard deflection, got it. Blame catholics but never jews. Kill yourself.  
 "This investigation is a sham!" she wrote on her Twitter account. "How can Fbi investigators possibly get to the bottom of all this stuff Kavanaugh definitely did if they don't talk to a woman who acts in movies and stuff?"  
 	Funniest Twat of the Day.  Celebrity’s Take On Kavanaugh   Who gives a Flying Fk  Who would write your little script, Witch  
 Girls at Bondi Beach, 31st October 1954. Photo: Fairfax/Barrie Ward            
 	Nice Pic , no Pedo Worshippers , No African Nigger Scum insight ! Just how it should be ! 
 America-Hating Marxist Black Supremacist Eric Holder  the Only Sitting Attorney General in History to be Held in Contempt of Congress for Lying  Questions the ‘Legitimacy’ of Supreme Court After Justice Kavanaugh Confirmation   
 	Dat faggot Faggotkhan.why tho? 
 How am I a nigger lover? You are blaming an animal for being an animal and not the owner of said animal.  
  If you could share Man kicks pro life woman.  
 	This faggot shouldn’t be too hard to find. 
 How they got rid of Roseanne on 'The Conners'      
 	"We killed off Roseanne in her own show to make the show without her." Surely this won't fail, nope, nonsense. This dehydrated water is great! 
 		Hah, I should, they totally would be retarded enough to buy that if you marketed it the right way and got a celebrity to shill it. Sell them cans of empty air! 
 	I've been getting tagged with faggot porn also  I reported  
 : Icymi: Judicial Watch just received 288 pages of newly uncovered emails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton that were transmitted over her unsecured & illicit non-state(dot)gov email system. And three of these new emails contain classified info.   
 	So is Crooked Cunt under Federal investigation or not? 
 He does. Kanye? 50 cent? Kim K? Hes a nigger lover too. 
  
 		A rancid cunt . 
 This is rich.     
 	does this mean cops can start shooting "innocent" black men more?  and can we join in? 
 		Commie nigger 
 Anyone who can piss take this little twat Owen Jones is ok with me I don't like him not because he is gay but because he is self opinionated little idiot     
  
 	Lying Whore Needs To Be Voted Out   Ugly Cunt 
 Ex-deputy Pm Nick Clegg is pictured with Facebook chief in Silicon Valley as he lands 4million lobbying job despite previously slamming firm's paltry tax bills.    Proving all politicians have their price     
 	Cleg is the scums premier scum. He is truly without any honesty at all. A complete, professional, dedicated, practised and accomplished cunt   
 Un-Happy Birthday you miserable Pos- Hillary The worst human being in the last 200 yrs ? I say .yes 
 	bride of satan, whore of Babylon. Cunt extraordinaire. Hoping she is really miserable after what she's put this entire world through. Better never sleep again oKKKillary, some of those ghosts might come back to haunt your sorry soreass.  
 Warms my mother-fucking heart. 
 	I get the feeling that the army is growing larger and becoming better trained and equipped every day.  Too bad the government can't do the same. 
 		You have the wrong feeling. It always comes down to "the nigger behind the trigger" 
 I just want to say I don't care what the left thinks about me & never will. You are not my audience, & I don't expect many of you to change your minds. My goal is to help right-wingers find their voice & not be afraid to finally stand up to the left. We will no longer be silent. 
 	Joined gab 5 min ago after realizing that I'd been shadowbanned on Twitter. I was wondering why I wasn't receiving any response all day. Started 2nd acct using other phone. sure enough, couldn't see any of my tweets. Primary Twitter account was still fully functional, could tweet my heart out. Maybe I'm too conservative or Christian. Oh well, hello Gab! 
 		"This is a free speech platform, so be aware you may not be comfortable with everything you see," If someone's a fkg retarded pussy! 
 smdh 
 	You, too, can date bitter commie dyke Wanda Sykes with our handy miscegenation app. 
 Once upon a time. 
 	Nigger Full Of Hate And Drugs   See idi amin Poster On Wall Raped Boys And Girls     obamy Diseased muslim Pig Dick Sucker  What A Legacy    Fucking Criminal Degenerate THOnG Wearing Bitch Boy 
  
 	This bitch cunt is dumb'er than a box of rocks ' ! 
 Because she’s already an ink stain on a page in a history book. Not even a footnote. An empty chair.  
 	Piss On That Little Nappy Headed Nigger Juan Williams. she is a Slut Just Like The Communist Demorats Who Used Her. 
 Two alleged members of the Aryan Brotherhood in Minnesota are arrested after they start a bar fight by assaulting a waitress by lifting her shirt against her will and punching a bouncer trying to defend the waitress.       
 	More people are attacked by a T-Rex than a Nazi. But by all means continue to talk about bullshit. 
 		Whatever you say pedophile. No one is fooled by your lies, this isn't Twitter bitch, here you don't win an argument by calling someone Nazi.  You're just another beta bitch faggot virtue signalling.  Now run along pedo before I call Chris Hansen. 
 Pardon me for being a bit cynical about this, but it sure seems like 8 Jews getting shot and killed in a synagogue by a White Nationalist = the national media loses its mind whereas a Sudanese refugee shooting up a bunch of White people in a church = a non-event. Wasn't Emanuel Samson on Facebook? 
 		John Black, you are fake news. The statistics of rapes carried out by blacks and muslims show they make up a very small percentage of the population yet are responsible for 80%+ of rapes, gang rapes, and sexual abuse.   For example: black males make up barely 6% of the population of America and are responsible for over 60% of all violent crime, including rapes.  
 		John Black reply Continued.   Muslims in the Uk make up barely 4% of the population yet are responsible for 84% of gang rapes of white children.  But go ahead, ignore this and claim whites (in white countries where they make up over 90% of the population) are carrying out more such attacks.    
 		Jb reply continued.  If the 6% and 4% can carry out these kind of sickening rapes and attacks in such numbers, imagine what they will do when they reach 20%, 30%.it doesn't bear thinking about. 
 		I know 
 		The data doesn't say that, retard.  
 Ocasio-Cortez: ‘Pack the Supreme Court’ After Taking Back Congress, Wh | Breitbart    
 	this rich-bitch is retarded 
 What? I guess they ain’t got the term nigger in the woodshed in Cape Town. 
 Fuck You Nigger! Well You Pet Gorilla Of The Jew, Once We Mop OfF The Hebes YouR Worthless, No Iq Nigger Asses Are Next! Go Knuckle Drag OfF To.Wakanda And Go Rape A She-Boon FuckING Nigger! 
 Rt LionelMedia    Look at her. No, seriously. What do you see? Better yet, what don’t you see?     
 	Btw strong women are not scared of strong men, they adore alpha males, strong women are scared of spiteful, vile vermin like this cunt who constantly try to destroy alpha men and women  
 Everything is far-right and the Guardian has to point it all out. 
 	Bolsheviks & bitches are against Western tradition; Strong Body/Strong Mind. It's contrary to the pussy-hat wearing bimbos & the toy-soy-boys purpose of being too dumb & weak to resist limp-wristed kikes to take it over. Pump iron; fuck up faggot left. 
 Who the fuck believe retarded slut Ford? Fitlhy despicable Racist Democrat?  Democrats are human sewage! 
 	Yeah how many cities have Jews built? How many farms did you run to feed America and the world? How many Jews go to war and fight? Jews are lazy niggardly and shiftless. Jews bring nothing of value to this planet. Just heartache. 
 What the media aren’t telling you about Saudi journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, allegedly murdered in the Saudi Embassy in Istanbul    
 	Finally a truth, not usual lies of WaPo. One comment to this article anyway light up my curiosity and a question to : if Turkey goes at war with Ksa, will we be involved as Turkey is in fact a Nato country? We had enough of Erdogan so, please, boot this muzzie extremist and his Country out of Nato. 
  
 	he is a half-nigger muzzie faggot 
 In 1971, Muslims murdered 2.4+ million Hindus and raped 400,000+ Hindu women. In just one year.    
 	Geller is a jew. The Muslim /Hindu riots started when the British left india. Dividing the country.  Calls were eventually put out to form what is now India and Pakistan. Both Muslim and Hindus alike are guilty of heinous crimes against each other. 
 		Calling Bs on this. False equivalence. 
 			Wtf is bullshit about it? You clearly know sweet F.A. about how the jew Geller and her rebel buddies alike operate, let alone the history of Hindu/Muslim riots. Gtfoh. 
 						"Muslims and Hindus lived in peace until after the British invaded and left "  How much Saudi pays you ? 
 							Saudis are crypto jews you dumb fuck. How much is modi paying you? 
 								Gm Kindle  
 									You always show up at the right time.  Good morning Joey! 
 									Thank You  
 									 
 							I have family that migrated to India over 30 yrs ago. I travel there a lot. I know both Hindu and Muslim who say exactly the same thing. I've witnessed the changes there. Now try and convince someone else with your fake ass crap. 
 								Now i get it, the more savage you paint natives as savages, the more tithe dollars, the more ricebag converts you can buy, the more tithe dollars, finally you sell god and buy a lake side villa. I know you lot.  
 								Like I said, deflection is all you have. You clearly know nothing that's why you keep trying to change the subject. Ain't gonna work. 
 							Ok you're insane islam lives in peace with no one and never has, the hindu massacres were well documented by contemporary muslim historians. 
 							Ok you're insane islam lives in peace with no one and never has, the hindu massacres were well documented by contemporary muslim historians. 
 You've been lampooned at every step.    I could use my twitter  profile if I wanted to, dummie.     and muh retarded children. 
 	Trump knows about weather, Trump knows about con jobs (climate change hoax). Wake up, plenty of so called scientists will be on those sealed indictments. Tv scientists are frauds. 
 		can you please elaborate with some source links that you think is proof of this hoax?  
 				this douche has no proof. just another guy who thinks climate change is a conspiracy  
 							they had a great amount of time and billions invested in that name Global Warming, why the name change ? 
 								who gives a fuck? perhaps climate change is a more accurate and relative term. six of one, half a dozen of the other 
 																	Look at this violent liberal. 
  
 		One of many. 
 		One of many. 
 Bizarro World news, in which a game is (possibly) censored on every platform except for the Nintendo one:    
 		Strange times.  
 		Strange times.  
 Londonstahn under Sadiq Khan , the caliphate Of All Caliphates .   Muslim London: 423 new mosques, 100 Shariah courts    
 	britainstan is a place only crazy people visit 
 		mohammed. kiss my ass you fucking muzzie piece of shit and stay awat from my goats! 
 Cunt 
 Predictably, all forms of retarded anti-Spencer rumour are being embraced by Ds Jew Crew stooges such as the clown now known as 'Gop Lemming' (v. appropriate).   When the Jew Crew tries to organically generate content, they aren't sending their best.   
 	Who is Worse,  the Muslim Cunt Suing or the British Government Allowing this Insanity? 
 	 
 	 
 	One other thing, Have you ever noticed how white football player's career(especially at the Qb position) trajectories in college & the Nfl are usually longer and more successful than their nigger counterparts? I wonder why that is 
 The purple haired pro-abortion dipshit who roundhouse kicked a girl who had a different opinion than him is trying to raise $100,000 on GoFundMe because he lost his job as a hairstylist after the assault.  If you didn't see the video. it's attached. 
 	Just look at this typical fucking left wing wanker   .just look at it. 
 		faggot 
 Finnish Court Rules Sex With Children Is Permitted.   What the fcuk are you thinking Finland, it’s not right under any religion. Noooooooooooo     
 	Woah, hold on.  The ruling is not only pro-pedo, it's also got racist icing on top. 
 		I think it is pro Muzzie only. All that Finnish kiddo pussy belongs to Muzzies. 
 Classless faggot and piece of shit Jim Acosta in the news.   "CNNs Acosta sends private message to  former Melania Trump aide: F--- you "   Acosta should be licking urinals in men's restrooms. That's his hobby. He was seen doing that at Denny's recently. Then he went across the street to a gas-station restroom to continue licking. 
 Wow  is this a real advertisement for juice from Sweden?    Just when you thought the advertisement couldn't be degenerate enough, they up the ante. I'm often offended by things that the cultural marxist's do in the advertising space. But this has to be a prize winner when it comes to my irritation levels. Holy Maximal Rage Cakes.    
 	I have no idea off what was being advertised other tan a baby in some black guys arms. Wth? 
 		 What i don't get is why they chose a black child over a White one. As parents they would usually have the desire to see the best possible future for their child. So the surrogate mother would be carefully chosen, the sperm would be screened for issues and then for some reason, instead of choosing the superior White baby, they throw it all away. I suppose though, for this deviant couple, if we are to buy into the sad fantasy presented by the social engineering short masqueerading as an advertisement, they would see this child as a fashion accessory, and nigger cubs are a hot item amongst their peers. "Oh my gord, let me lick, i mean hold it, so hot". 
 And Lying Don Lemon is Fake news Cnn's House Nigger . They just mad because they lost the majority of the popular vote . And Mr.West was their biggest mouth piece .    
 Damn! I Love my President!   Troll level - Master. 
 	I love the Pres also. he is a real man . not a commie cunt like the last muslim in there.  
 	what is a secret  girl? 
 		I think it's like secret squirrel, only bigger. 
 	Give it a beer 
 	Give it a beer 
  
 	Yup. As Long As It Is Plugged Into The Wall. 
 		50 Years Ago That Movement Was Called The "Buck Slink". It Was The Way All The Young Nigger Men Walked. 
 I agree; you do have certain fowl characteristics. I don’t think you've gathered from this conversation the basic idea that I do not care what you and your Nazi faggot boyfriends think, and neither does anyone else, anywhere, concerning Any subject. This isn't because of apathy; it's because you suck. 
 	tyler the creator was wrong :( 
 			wow, thanks 
 			wow, thanks 
 Wtf is up with his shorts. 
 	they are going to the sand nigger cock sucking party 
 I'm going to leave it at this.    
 	.@SecretService                                                                                                                                                                                               @     
 		Look at the mug on that bunny-eyed, nigger bitch. 
 Violence Escalates, After Conservative Woman Physically Attacked After E.  via  
 	Looks like a fat dyke whore 
 Tell me the truth, that you're a lazy ass nigger and I'll post a link.  You really can't highlight those two words, right click, select search and sound out the words on Wikipedia?  Fuck me, how did you guys never invent the wheel?  Remember, in Egypt you wuz Kangs an' sheeit.  
 After a Black man murdered a Swedish citizen, the Swedish police asked the public for help identifying him - but they blurred out his face so you couldn’t tell he was Black. 
 	Was starting to get confused as to why it said politiet in the background, turned out the images were from Norway. Even though Norway is next to Sweden, doesn't count since it's not Sweden.  
 		How about you say something more useful than spamming the same message over and over again, basically the only Swedish things about it are the blurred image and the killers "nationality".  The most retarded thing is asking Swedes for help, help with a dude that's blurred and left the country. 
 I heard about some racism on hear a while back but it turned out that the porch monkey making the claim was just some nigger with a history of claiming people offended his coon ass 
 Man wins womens cycling World Championship! Look at the size of it. A hulk compared to the ladies.     
 	are you saying that the bloke in the middle is a bint ?That is not a transgender woman .That is a bloke . 
 	are you saying that the bloke in the middle is a bint ?That is not a transgender woman .That is a bloke . 
 This keeps getting better and better. 
 	Do it faggot 
 Here comes the unhinged celebs   Pffff ha ha ha "Linda Sour-sours" :D    
 	haha.what a bunch of clowns--a selfie addict, a washed up comedian who likes to take her clothes off, and a Brooklin raghead jihadi 
 	haha.what a bunch of clowns--a selfie addict, a washed up comedian who likes to take her clothes off, and a Brooklin raghead jihadi 
 	You're π radians from the truth, on at least 8 claims. And i'd rather be retarded with down syndrome, than be you: a Commie who doesn't know (or admit) he's a Commie. 
 Two very different versions of the English language. 
 	a faggot is also a meatball in gravy over here 
 If he wanted it to be indelible in the hippocampus, he'd call her a self-parodying cunt from the Cia that should be taken far less seriously than a 12:57AM sketch on Saturday Night Live.       
 'She has zero qualifications in this area’: Men’s rights activist slams staunch feminist Clementine Ford for claiming women are better off living without men              
 	She’s such a dumb cunt 
 +++QAnon   ___Follow the white rabbit 
 	Must be Canadian - we drink lots of beer and play hockey. We just need to get rid of our Imbecile Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. 
 		 It would be so awesome to watch Vladimir Putin wipe the ice with Trudeau’s faggot ass in hockey. At Least be good at your country’s best known sport. Putin scored 5 Goals in game consisting of all former Nhl players. 
 Rt JJDanceN1    In His First Day On The Job, Kavanaugh Hired As Many Black Law Clerks As Rbg Has In Her Entire Tenure        via   
 	She gets the kike cunt passing and he gets the White Male shafting.  Diversity is our strength. 
 	They are simply fulfilling a demand - that's what retailers do. 
 		Careful!  They'll be calling you a muzzie lover next. You should have heard them at me the other day over the Costa bacon roll radio ad getting pulled  
 Amy Schumer Posts Video of Amy Schumer Protesting Kavanaugh: ‘November Is Coming’    
 	what a cunt of a thing  
 Hey you, bitch, taking advantage of that blind guy--pay him every time Nigger is used by blacks. He deserve it.  
 He's completely nuts   Multimillionaire Bono: Political parties that criticise mass migration originate from Satan  The U2 singer has recently been engaged in a campaign against European political parties that are critical of mass migration, his latest target being Italian interior minister Matteo Salvini.   During his latest concert in Milano this week, his evil alter ego MacPhisto attacked the popular Italian leader, claiming that all political parties critical of mass migration have one thing in common, that they all originate from Satan.   I have sent my people all over Europe. My people go by many different names. In Sweden they call themselves Democrats, Swedish Democrats. In France they change name. In Poland they have names I cannot even pronounce. In Hungary, well there they are hungry for me. Bono told the audience.   Dressed up as the devil, he urged the Italian people to support Matteo Salvini, saying that all populist parties in Europe have the same face. Then he pointed to his Satan face mask.   Bono has recently been involved in controversy for stating that he wants Africans to take over the world.     He's completely nuts   Multimillionaire Bono: Political parties that criticise mass migration originate from Satan  The U2 singer has recently been engaged in a campaign against European political parties that are critical of mass migration, his latest target being Italian interior minister Matteo Salvini.   During his latest concert in Milano this week, his evil alter ego MacPhisto attacked the popular Italian leader, claiming that all political parties critical of mass migration have one thing in common, that they all originate from Satan.   I have sent my people all over Europe. My people go by many different names. In Sweden they call themselves Democrats, Swedish Democrats. In France they change name. In Poland they have names I cannot even pronounce. In Hungary, well there they are hungry for me. Bono told the audience.   Dressed up as the devil, he urged the Italian people to support Matteo Salvini, saying that all populist parties in Europe have the same face. Then he pointed to his Satan face mask.   Bono has recently been involved in controversy for stating that he wants Africans to take over the world.   
 	He's best friends with Soros, and a feckless cunt  
 	He's best friends with Soros, and a feckless cunt  
 Lol your a fucking retard  
 Cunt 
 According to the Left, it's "bad" to want to see your own people live in peace and to prosper. Well, say hello to the Bad Guy.    
 		Speak for yourself. 
 		I speak for you.I am the boss. you are the peasant.lol 
 		Sure.  
 		Sure.  
 And another slice peels off. Look at that beautiful straight grained ash! 
 	That's not firewood? 
 		It could be, but it's so long and straight grained I want to try making stuff with it. 
 			Make a, uh. a. Well I'm sure you'll figure it out 
 				Ash is a close second to hickory for things like tool handles (hammers, axes, etc) & can be made into wooden joiners mallets, to name a few things off the top of my head.  In any case, having a supply of straight grained hardwood around the homestead is never a bad idea.  It would be interesting, but I probably wont do many windmill projects like  suggested. 
 						Oh yes. As I said yesterday, I've got the martini glasses at the ready. 
 						If only there were some libs here to own. 
 							 
 							Actually there are. Gab is full of Nazis (which stands for national Socialist!). They are just a bunch of leftist commie America h8rs. Patriots should do their duty and own them! 
 						Popcorn. 
 						Popcorn. 
 	Is this due to sale to Disney?  If so it is only a matter of time before Andrew Bolt is canned. 
 		Andrew Bolt is on Aussie Sky News, this is British Sky News. I am surprised there is not a Sky News in Canada, yet? 
 		There would be if Nafta did not include *special* clauses protecting both Can & Mex "cultural" industries (ie Msm) from flooding by U.S Media.   Just another example of Cultural Marxists at work. 
 		Btw really enjoy your posts - so them coming & thx 
 	Sky News also has a white guy who's a shirtlifter 
 	Sky News also has a white guy who's a shirtlifter 
 This ‘muslim woman of colour’ isn’t going to miss out on an opportunity to take some money from gullible morons. 
 	loves pussy the fukin retard is this real ? what a fukin idiot  
 Apparently you’re allowed to stereotype Hispanics as long as you work at Cnn. 
 	As somebody who's met the woman, my advice to this retard is to not start shit with Tomi. She's a lot smarter than you might think, and she is fully capable of roasting a beta-male on live Tv is she is so inclined towards such. 
 This.  This is why I'm voting Republican.  .read Siege faggot 
 Rt :    While unlawful migration to U.S. from Central America is caused by real crisis,the migrant caravan was manufactured by supporters of a radical agenda who are using poor & desperate people to try & embarrass & undermine the U.S. in the region. But it’s going to backfire on them. 
 	what Crisis? Marco Rubio you dumb shit   they aren’t fleeing a Crisis, there is no Crisis   they're fleeing their Own civilizational ineptitude, which they will then manifest here in America 
 		well like 80% of the world is in crisis, so when the whole world is in crisis, is that fine? Just curious when we can celebrated our equality of crisis?  
 			fucking everyone is eating retard sandwiches 
 éaqui                            ório                   *   The Hillbilly Moon Explosion  (Jackson)   *    
 éaqui                            ório                   *   The Hillbilly Moon Explosion  (Jackson)   *    
 Who do you represent as President of the Moron Branch of the Retard Club? 
 Rt :    Make absolutely no mistake, Donald Trump’s resolve to stick with Kavanaugh, despite the Democrat/Media complex’s ruthless assaults, stunned the Left and the media. They’re used to Republicans caving in. Those days are now over. There’s a new sheriff in town.     
 					You Keep YouR Mouth Shut! 
 					Ouuuuuuuuuuuuhhh, triggered I see. Gunna bitch slap me are ya fella? ! 
 					Hey, you wanna swallow my load real quick?  
 					But your tummy is slam full of many loads, A!  
 					I just sucked off this guy in a Hardee's parking lot last week.  I'm sure the little swimmers are floating around still 
 					Good for you. I am proud of you.  
 					Good for you. I am proud of you.  
 33rd Annual Nyc Muslim Day Parade.   Mercy For All     Please be part of Muslim Day Parade Organizing activities under supervision of newly elected Chairman Mr. Syed Mir Hussain Shah Sahib,(on left in picture), who is one of the famous spiritual leader of Muslim Community in Nyc & volunteering his time to support Muslim Day Parade to bring different communities together.  The love and compassion of Allah’s Messenger for all kinds of creatures was not of the kind claimed by today’s ‘humanists’. He was sincere and balanced in his love and compassion. He was more compassionate than any other person. He was a Prophet raised by Allah, the Creator and Sustainer of all beings, for the guidance and happiness of conscious beings  mankind and jinn  and the harmony of existence. Therefore, he lived not for himself but for others; he is a mercy for all the worlds.  Does this include infidel politicians like Nyc assemblyman David Weprin, whom I espied at Muslim prayer? Is Weprin the Everyman of Jewish infidels?  Firstly, before the parade marched down Madison Avenue, there were the  Zuhr prayers.  Please come with Wudu (ablutions) so we can pray zuhr on time & then start marching.   The Imam’s speech before the Call to Prayers made a plea for prayer spaces in public schools, as well as  Halal food in public schools; paid for with our tax dollars. (video)  The projected parade attendance was 20,000. By the time we reached Madison Park, I doubt there were even 1000.  Mufty Luthfur Rahman Qasimy (in a pre-parade Facebook video) used many of the same inflated numbers stated in the parade prayer speech. 
 	Some nigger should steal those fucking shoes 
 You can follow Tommy's trial via Ezra Levant's Twitter feed ( see below )   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Ezra Levant Verified account    Huge crowd gathered outside the Old Bailey court in London in advance of Tommy Robinson’s trial. Follow me on Twitter for real-time updates; I’ll post videos at   when I can. 
 	It's ok that you npc's dislike my comment. But you are attacking the symptom of having been conquered by your Jewish overlords instead of removing the disease. Then you attack me as if I don't have your best interest in mind. It's astonishing to say the least. 
 		Well you are a confusing person. You follow an actually shill while being aware of a Jewish problem while also accusing other of being shills. So are you just a retard or a troll? 
 		Mark Lewis will turn into Mr. Squeals-on-Wheels once the cops get a hold of him, cops hate smart-arse smarmy lawyers anyway and to have one under the spotlight will be a delicious treat for them.   He’s going to fucking ruin you.   I’m going to really enjoy that. 
 					Bullshit.   Bullshit.   Total bullshit.   Blah.   Wrong.   Hilarious bullshit.   Bullshit fantasy.   Massively wrong.   Nope. 
 							Lol. You've been proven to be a pathological liar. You will doom yourself because of this.   Reality is gonna make you shake and cry with rage. 
 														Hitler was right you stinking Jew lover. 
 Classic nigger in the woodpile argument.  If you have known non-white heritage you are not white.  White people can create 100% white children. 
 Femi is very good at arguing against  and his ability to silence Brexit zealots with simple logical arguments has always been amusing  
 	Femi.or ' notlammy' as he's known is a thick twat who's constantly made to look a fool in interviews. Even Katie Hopkins wiped the floor with him! 
  
 	Jeezus! I can smell dyke Menses coming off that pic.  
 People like Netanyahu are Satanists not because they are drinking blood or calling up spirits.    
 	Netanyahu's cunt on trial for fraud .larceny is in jew Dna 
 I am reporting all antisemites to the Fbi! 
 	so.your plan to combat antisemitism is to act like a hitler youth? ya just can't make this shit up.  
 		cool, johnny come lately, wasn't he. the term existed long before the third reich ever existed and predated heiden writing bad stuff about the third reich.  much like the nazi party it originated in bavaria and was used like redneck or hick. it meant backward peasant.  
 		cool, johnny come lately, wasn't he. the term existed long before the third reich ever existed and predated heiden writing bad stuff about the third reich.  much like the nazi party it originated in bavaria and was used like redneck or hick. it meant backward peasant.  
 Rt :    12 important thoughts on the Lakers vs. Rockets fight      
 	That nigger LeBro is 0-2 
 Rt AMike4761    Australian Mp, Pauline Hanson, warns Muslims "obey our laws or go back where you came from. Australia is being swamped by Muslims" - Speech Point              
 	    NzFirst: Winston Peters Answers Islamic Immigration Question at Nz First Campaign Launch 
 		Speaking out of both sides of his mouth as usual.  Actions speak louder Winston. 
 			You given up on BeNaughty Chatrooms?  
 				? 
 						It's not that old 
 							Now look whose bullshitting out of both sides of the mouth  
 							Now look whose bullshitting out of both sides of the mouth  
                                                                                                  @studentoflife              
 	 
 		Lee is just the neighborhood faggot  
 Aaaaahhh, ((((Sarah Silverman)))), that's because every other race are pretty retarded and find it hard to shit in a toilet properly. Women are, in general, mentally unstable; so that leaves good o' reliable white male.  
 		Dip shit found a really ugly one.why are most Democrap women uglier than a mud fence? 
 		There's No Way this is Constitutional! 
 			Once Kavanaugh gets in the supreme court, and this case comes up.do you think it'll last?  
 			No u 
 		Continue to mislead yourself that it's only California that's going to hell, as feminism sweeps across America. Ignore the statistics that prove the society we live in, from the schools, to the courts, to the corporations, heavily discriminate against boys and men. Get the first clue Moron !  
 			Because thats a totally accurate website    We have Trump - we are fine.   Gtfo with your fake news 
 				We have Trump for now, does it occur to you that he's one man, and his time in office is limited ? The consequences of feminism will be long lasting and far reaching.   If you think what's happening to Brett Kavanaugh is an isolated incident, you're in for a nasty surprise.   Feminism is a fatal substance to any nation, look at Sweden . 
 Rt :       ‘ backing pro-Brexit Tories, ads urging locals support Telford’s .  
 	Why should the people of Telford support the Tories or the Labour Party for that matter they should be supporting Ukip or for Britain after what the Tories and Labour Party have done they shouldn't be getting any support in any town or city in the Uk. 
 			I vote Ukip at the moment but as soon as a for Britain candidates steps forward in my constituency I will be voting for them I will be voting for them because they have the only party that has the courage and the willingness to give Britain back it's right to bear arms 
 			I am a member of both and I would like to see them join together rather than split the vote, now that the beta cuck farage has gone it's possible, I like batten but prefer Anne Marie simply because she was on the left and knows how to out game them  
 			I too would like to see Ukip and for Britain join forces like the Italian populist parties have Ukip would be for International Affairs and for Britain dealing with home Affairs and things would get fixed  
 			It will make a much bigger statement to the establishment with a joined vote share  
 			I know but at the end of the day it comes down to both parties leaderships putting the past behind them and moving forward there is a lot of animosity between the two parties 
 			Yes we need to be a unified Force otherwise it is pointless 
 			That's the biggest problem we have  
 			Indeed but it is a problem that is solvable remember there is no difference between the labour party or the Conservatives they are basically the same party wear as Ukip and for Britain have separate identities and those separate identities should be the strength that unifies 
 			Not divide  
 			I think that ukip and for Britain should go on the offensive on three things,,, Islam, brexit and going after the left wing  
 			I think they should be going after like you say Islam brexit common Purpose the destruction of our military police forces Fire Service ambulance service and the deportation of said muslim terrorists and sex offenders their families and their extended families remember the Apple doesn't fall far from the tree 
 			I think they should be going after like you say Islam brexit common Purpose the destruction of our military police forces Fire Service ambulance service and the deportation of said muslim terrorists and sex offenders their families and their extended families remember the Apple doesn't fall far from the tree 
 From caravan organizer Puebla sin Frontera's Faceberg.     
 	jesus h christ like the usa doesn't have enough faggot pestilence parasiting its corpse already.   Oh well! Accelerate The Collapse! 
 Pathetic Soy boys. 
 	Don't be a fairy gay faggot soy boy! 
 This guy has lost his mind lol  Robert De Niro Believes Beto O’Rourke Could Defeat Donald Trump in 2020   
 	disgraceful Italian-American. pussy boy nigger lover.I'll never watch another one of his jive ass movies. 
 	Oh yeah, sure, it's not different cultures, beliefs, abilities and interests that divide people, it's Big Gubmint!   An illiterate Somali Muslim with an Iq below 70 would obviously see eye-to-eye with an educated White Christian about the big issues in life, and what direction the country should go, if not for "Divisiveness". 
 		Again, you have not been paying attention. You jump in and don't know anything I've said. Because I already addressed culture and other factors. 
 			Culture, which is as much a product of the people making up a society as it is shaping them. Countries with shit cultures didn't just produce them by accident - it happened due to said countries being disproportionately populated by shit people. 
 				I can't argue with that. That doesn't make a "race" though. 
 					It's part of it, and can't be separated from it - hence why the majority of both non-white immigrants And their American-born kids and grand-kids vote for socialism and oppose Western values.    Hence why the same pattern has developed in countless European countries - the majority of non-whites are voting socialist and opposing Western values. 
 						Are white liberals a race? They have a different culture, and everything they touch turns to shit. 
 							Yes, liberals suck. Ever wonder why only a minority of White people are "liberal", while the vast majority of non-whites are? 
 								A white supremacist is a liberal who has been rejected by other liberals. 
 									nigger shut up 
 Rt HeshmatAlavi    "The use of child soldiers is a moral outrage that every civilized nation rejects while Iran celebrates it." Amb.  on     
 	Lmfao.  is a lot of unsavory things. I have never ever heard of anything even remotely close to this nonsense propaganda Iran does have one of the most  highly educated populations on the planet  What a fucking lying cunt Haley is.  
 I've been targeted for calling out their fairy gay faggot shit. 
 Just your typical inbred Democrat. 
 		Just Crush This Low Iq Cunt And Be Done With It.  
 The Fbi went about this in the wrong way. They apparently are not very good at finding the truth. Actress Alyssa Milano says that Kavanaugh is guilty of abuse because he did not file a defamation suit against Dr. Ford. So there you have it. Case solved. Hollywood is helpful in so many ways. 
 	That twat needs to shut her face hole. 
 Enjoying watching Trump and his base having their little temper tantrums over the 4,000 people migrating towards the boarder who actually want the jobs that his supporters won’t take 
 	fuk u , u fukin retard  
 Nurmagomedov chokes out McGregor in round 4  
 	Fucking ace, hate that twat 
  50.3:  Edition       
 	man now I wish I hadn't thrown out that former roommate's number so i could taunt her retard ass about this 
 You sick fucking nigger lover, Lol 
 So, she's still a wacky Feminazi twat with a malfunctioning brain.  
 Brilliant. *high fives Jonathan* :)      
 	I can't listen to maj any more, bullying slimy cunt he makes my skin crawl 
 Shut up you fat clown 
 	 Even a Dyke bitch like Rosie produces and unbelievable amount of smegma!   And you know she never washes down there! Wash that fucking box Rosie! I can smell that shit clear across  the room! 
  
 		 
 		 
 That sounds so fucking retarded "swearing", who in the hell uses that anyway, its fucking cussing or cursing. 
 The widow of a policeman who died in 911 is insulted by an antifa thug    
 	Where is this faggot buried? 
 Vérifiez facilement votre éligibilité et réclamez la juste compensation pour tout retard ou annulation de vol. Contactez nos experts pour obtenir les meilleurs conseils. Visite      
 Vérifiez facilement votre éligibilité et réclamez la juste compensation pour tout retard ou annulation de vol. Contactez nos experts pour obtenir les meilleurs conseils. Visite      
 Yes, this is me, the Thomas Wictor who was banned from Twitter.    See the blue check mark?    Duh. 
 		I told Fox's fave commie Jessica Tarlov that her daytime eye makeup was sluttier than some ho's working the avenue on Saturday night. That was all it took. 
 		I told Fox's fave commie Jessica Tarlov that her daytime eye makeup was sluttier than some ho's working the avenue on Saturday night. That was all it took. 
 The police getting involved in this is wrong in so many ways, but bearing in mind Linehams general hatred of free speech and screams for Dankula to be jailed I'm thinking Karma got it right this time.    
 	Lineham wants his free speech defended, but free speech must be denied to everyone else - eg. Count Dankula.  
 		He's a cunt but it's the principle that must be defended, not the person. Doesn't matter that he's a cunt.  
 To all:  is an admitted Fbi Informant. Why is he out of jail when all the others are still inside. Whose to say he isnt why Ram got arrested? Whose to say anything. Dont support this race traitor in any way.    ? 
 	Is that your position? 
 		Dude its 2018,  there isn’t single fucking thing that happened in Charlottesville that wasn’t captured by 1000 cellphone cameras.  The Fbi doesn’t need the testimony of the Crying Nazi to convict patriots of bullshit charges such as beating that stupid fucking nigger Deandre Harris. 
 Donald Trump sent a message to Eric Holder on Thursday, after the former attorney general told supporters to kick Republicans.  He better be careful what he is wishing for, that I can tell you, Trump said in an interview on Fox and Friends, That’s a disgusting statement for him to make, for him to make a statement like that is a very dangerous statement.   Holder was captured on video challenging former First Lady Michelle Obama’s statement that when they go low, we go high.   No. No, Holder said. When they go low, we kick ’em. That’s what this new Democratic party is all about, he said.   Trump cautioned Democrats to be careful with their rhetoric, noting that his rallies with supporters were calm and well run.   We don’t have problems with our rallies, he said.   Trump reminded the audience that Holder was found in contempt of Congress and that he went after Christians as well as the Tea Party.   Holder’s got some problems, and I don’t see him running and if he did run, I think he gets gobbled up before he even gets to the election, I think the primaries would gobble him up, he said. 
 	They say Kanye West can't read and make statements of racism about him.Wow how brazen. Yet Ecic Holder says kick republicans  and he thinks that's ok Eric holder troller needs to read the constitution he's proven to be the one that is ignorant and racist he holds a office he's a danger to America 
 		nigger traitor weasel 
 Don't need to block you to not waste my time responding to your retarded bigoted ass. Now stop spamming me you fucking methed out fag 
 So as I consider my run for King.um I mean President in 2024 I've got to start thinking about where I stand on the issues. Here's just a few things off the top of my head in no particular order   Build the wall (it'll probably still be a thing)   Leftists in labor camps   Outlawing usury   Expelling Jews   Regulating the big internet / social media companies   Prison reform 
 	I'd cut sentences for some crimes, & add time for the worst. Rape? Mandatory life witho; let the state seek death for rape 1. Murder 2 would be eligible for the Dp; murder 1, Dp mandatory. Non-violent crimes would send you to a labor camp for 6 months along w (((the tribe))). We -can- be smarter on crime. Oh! Triple any sentence for a crime committed by a nigger or jew- 
 	Another moron that knows nothing about dogs 
 		well since you like nigger dogs you probably like nigger humans as well lol 
 Look. A cunt gave a down vote.  
  
 	Blasey Ford is a botched attempt of cloning Hillary Clinton. I seriously don't know how they could make an uglier version of Queen cunt Hillary. 
 Whatever, loser. My wife has made me breakfast, and I have to get ready for work. Enjoy dying alone, you Muzzie Incel faggot. 
  reinvents himself as a salt miner.    
 	Trump is so powerful, he's turning a lisping faggot like Graham into a shitlord. 
 who is this retarded white nigger? 
 faggot 
 Maxine Waters is a Communist (in case you didn’t know)    
 	Maxine is a total retard  
 I don't even know what you are saying, because you are such a low agency nigger that you cannot even string a coherent sentence together.    The only thing you are going to be leading, is the social security line. Your kind wouldn't even exist, if it were not for the sweat off the back of my kind.    just remember that. 
 Americus?  You faggot mfer  
  
 	And women say sex bots are immoral? What make this woman not a whore? Not that I really have any problems with consenting adults exchanging sex for money. At least the whore will not take your kids. house, truck, and spend your child support on her nigger boy friend's crack addiction. 
 Big Nigger 
 		no fuck, every wannabe sandnigger and half breed sand nigger 
 	Serves the cunt right.U fuck with a nig.U die like a pig 
 	Serves the cunt right.U fuck with a nig.U die like a pig 
 	 
 			Dream on, fuckwit. 
 				I’ve looked back into your twitter and Gab.   You first told me I was going to court/jail earlier than I said before!   September 21st 2015 was your first such piece of bullshit.   The dreamer is you. almost a thousand days of fantasy from you.   Compare that to nothing from me until you put your life in the hands of a self-harming spasticated jew called Mark Lewis.   Thames Valley Police want to talk to Mark  Lewis too.   Ds Woodall wants to be included in the round-robin of disclosures.   Thats Lewis and you fucked, seriously.   I’m going to watch you go down, you will do time inside, that is as certain as Mark Lewis psychologically self-harms himself every day he is alive. 
 					Bullshit.   Bullshit.   Total bullshit.   Blah.   Wrong.   Hilarious bullshit.   Bullshit fantasy.   Massively wrong.   Nope. 
 							Lol. You've been proven to be a pathological liar. You will doom yourself because of this.   Reality is gonna make you shake and cry with rage. 
 												Thank phuq we will have a bit of a rest today. Dr Who innit? Wankfest as the nubile Jamaican twink arrives. oooh sonic screwdriver. Why do you & Simon Nonce Lindsell live on kiddies sites? Dodgy. 
 Canada - Tell The Prime Minister To Deliver On His Promise And Protect Our Free Speech   Send a letter to Trudeau and your Member of Parliament to tell them to stand up and protect charities and Free Speech today.    
 	The retarded asshole, Justin Trudeau does not know how to read anything beyond a fourth-grade level. 
 I am Glaswegian, cunt is one of our favourite words. Especially when talking about paedo cunts.    
   Slip slip   Slip of the lip   I like the way you move your hips   Loose lips   Sink ships   The way you move, you don't miss   I said I told ya, I'll get to know ya   We're goin' all the way   Move over, I'm gonna hold ya   To everything you say   
 	Oh my, would you believe me if told you how we sniffed after a show $$$$$ 
 		ill never know I was born in 80 but its my Favorite band  
 			I am Gen Hillbilly 
 			I am Gen Hillbilly 
 Alyssa Milano: We Lost on Kavanaugh, But We Are 'Winning the Cultural Battle' | Breitbart    
 	Alyssa is a fraud who in no way represents women. Scary how many blindly follow the disgusting twat and deem her a hero. Tweets are forever.  
 The Muslim who murdered the Scottish kid, Kriss Donald, has been given a poetry award while in prison.   He gouged out Kriss Donald's eyes and set him on fire.   Rip Kriss.   I'll never forget what they did to you and how our establishment and media hushed it up. 
 		The way things are going, he'll probably be elected Home Secretary after they let him out. 
 		The way things are going, he'll probably be elected Home Secretary after they let him out. 
 Dems Claim Kavanaugh is ‘Too Partisan’  Forget When Ginsburg Said This, This and This  via  
 		Match Made In Hell! 
 		Match Made In Hell! 
 Kavanaugh   Republicans on Senate panel release explicit statement about Kavanaugh accuser’s sex life **      ** Statement, below, edited for brevity. 
 	Have you ever parked a tricycle in an airplane hanger?  This filthy whore walks around with a fake fist in her cunt just to stop her colon from falling out due to her love of fucking horses niggers and wack-a-mole machines 
 His children will look back one day and wonder why their father was such a fucking pussy. This nigger loving, jew apologist doesn't even realize that he's a modern day liberal faggot in a fake conservative costume. Boomerfags will get tossed in the oven too. In between the termite Jews and the liberal sock puppets that help them.   
 That tree is gonna be pissed. 
 	The Trump Tree of Knowledge! :)  
 		-6? is that all? What kind of Rw pussy site is this? I been here a whole fucken two days and all you dumb fuckers can manage is a minus six? Bunch of faggot Rw queers. If i'm not at triple digit negative numbers by the end of the day I will repost this post that Gab RwNJ's are nothing more than Trump maggots. Lol Hahahahaha   
 Sid Vicious - My Way     
 	faggot 
 See, Kerry.  IdentityUnknown is just a little faggot jerking off in a basement somewhere.  Pathetic.  
 Italian mayor abandons international human rights laws, cuts electricity supply to refugee shelters "You are not welcome here"    
 	If we only had a President with those kind of balls. 
 		You must not live in America. My president has two giant beach ball sized patriot nuts.  
 			Lol now call me a kike! You retards are so unoriginal! "Boomer" lol   You're like a spoiled millennial faggot "I only got 29 of the 30 things I wanted for Christmas, wahhhh" 
 							Be a man! Use your mute button! :D   Stop spreading cultural marxism, while you're at it, kid. ;)   You can't beat the enemy, if you keep using his weapons to destroy yourselves. ;) 
 								it's a group. i can't mute him. and quit showing off. you have no idea what im talking about but you still feel super confident in pontificating. i understood cultural marxism ten years ago. 
 												your initial assertion is fallacious.  it does not follow that if i hate x generation then i am spreading cultural marxism. im spreading national socialism with their weapons.   Now Fuck Off Cunt Chops  You Are Dismissed.  
 People should leave a comment on Vox’s blog to:   (1) Defend Gab   and   (2) Tell Vox to get back on Gab.    
 	kek, I remember fighting, desperately, and with every ounce of my strength, to hound that sniveling 56% faggot off of Gab because of his criminal behavior regarding Weev.  Vox gives real men like John C. Wright a bad name. 
 you are stupid at a level you cant even understand, you won todays dunning kruger award. hitler first tried that in the 1920's in the beer hall putch and got his arse handed to him, in 1933 he rallied his supporters and got voted into office. be smart dont be a retard 
  
 	Where can I get a shirt like that? I like it because it has the word cunt on it! 
 How dare they disrespect this intellectual giant 
 		Dude, don't be racist 
 		Dude, don't be racist 
 		dumb fucking bitch dont you just want to smash her fucking liberal face in  
 			Lol 
 			They all need reprogramming they've all become brainwashed 
 			you cant fix stupid, they have no fucking common sense if i had my way  i would deport the fucking lot of them on a boat and torpedo the fucking thing 10 miles out,,, they are cancer 
 		and about time too 
 		and about time too 
 	Wtf are you saying? Hitler hated nothing more than Marxism / communism. Are you really this stupid? How do you call people ignorant and then go on to write one of the most retarded thing possible? 
 I'm going to leave it at this.    
 	.@SecretService                                                                                                                                                                                               @     
 		Shut up Nigger whore! Go suck a watermelon! Go cook Massuh some grits Negress! Fuckin sheboon ape! 
 How did I miss Hereditary? This movie is excellent. This is confident horror, where they want you to look at it while most horror movies want you to see as little as possible. Thats why its always jumps cares and quick cuts, but here, the longer you see it, the scarier it becomes and the way it moves in and out of these scares is very well done and really engrossing. 
 		I'm a conservative Christian and this is a horror movie about make believe of which is used to frighten us because that is the point. Evil is scary, hence evil is the villain by which that fear is represented in this Fake.Movie.  
 		 Christians of any ilk do Not create or view obscenity in any form. That you portray it  in anthro does not justify  or disguise your perversion. You are not Christian. You are a pervert. 
 Transgender Cyclist Lashes Out, Calls Critics Questioning His Win 'Transphobic Bigots'  "Misgendering."    
 	Here we go, can't argue so resorts to name calling. This twat is a hypocrit and a twat. You Are Male, I don't care who You identify as, You Are A Male,Get Help. 
    I Wonder If This Sicily Part Nigger Blood Billionare Wouldve Whooped Up On Mentally Ill BOLTon And Kelly Who Go Right ALOnG With Starving To Death And Bombing To Death Pretty Yemeni Smart Girls And Smart Boys And Filthy Dirty Kikes Genetic Jews Jewesses In Jerusalem For Now Anyway Purposefully SHOOTInG In The Head Legs Heart Arab Unarmed Children; Yes. Hes A Jewyorksheity Mobster As Is Trump. Smoochi Moochi Had Two Of HIs War Dogs Attack Me At Dollar Tree In Brewer. OnE Of The PLAtES WAs MOOCH1. OTheR AttackS On Me Were At Dollar Tree BANGoR. Dollar Tree IsNT A FRANCHIsE It Is A PRIVAtELY Owned Company.   
 on a sunday. A Sunday! my dad said that 2 white vans showed up and 6 men with holstered guns   came up to my cabin and asked where I was, and  as I was not present and their on private property  they said their with Verizon comm, partnered with Google to look at their new cell station site . and started up the hill  they were stopped and Ill not say how after all Tmi 
 		so I should give them your address then. ohhhhhh noooooo 
 		so I should give them your address then. ohhhhhh noooooo 
 How to destroy and retard a great civilization?  Do what Great Britain did to Chinese.get the populous addicted to drugs and make government dependent on drug taxes.  Users become docile obedient zombies and will do anything for drugs they worship.  Anarchists, marxists, and others are demanding drug legalization in Usa.  Big push began with 1960s rebels. 
 How to destroy and retard a great civilization?  Do what Great Britain did to Chinese.get the populous addicted to drugs and make government dependent on drug taxes.  Users become docile obedient zombies and will do anything for drugs they worship.  Anarchists, marxists, and others are demanding drug legalization in Usa.  Big push began with 1960s rebels. 
 boy is this fucking dirtbag nigger traitor obama delusional! the only one that " makes stuff up" is you ! i guess i would be pissed if my legacy was going down in flames because of a great patriot.trump.now the world knows what kind of a scumbag you are! 
 Marie-Claire Bissonnette, 27, is the beautiful young woman who was round house Kicked by a f*ucking Coward, ( now unemployed ) 'Hair Stylist' Jordan Hunt .        Police investigating, she Will press charges  --------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 		I believe they call it, tossing their salad because sometimes inmates put salad dressing on their anus before hand 
 		I coulda gone the rest of my life without learning that.  gags 
 		Uhmm, .close. but, .not, Not, willing to hash that out, nope, yuck. 
 		Uhmm, .close. but, .not, Not, willing to hash that out, nope, yuck. 
 Reminder : Hillary Clinton was part of an organized scheme with the Obama administration to rig the 2016 election, using fabricated evidence to destroy innocent American citizens along the way. It's the greatest crime in Us history.     
 		be careful Brother. you will have to Stand In LInE I THInK Lol.  
 		be careful Brother. you will have to Stand In LInE I THInK Lol.  
 Ruth Bader Ginsburg next. 
 	the douche kagan. &  the dyke member of La Reza. sotomeyer. 0dumbos communist plants. I don't recall one outspoken voice from the right when these 2 marxists were nominated. let alone doxxing and death threats to senators,   
 Body Language: Fbi Report Dianne Feinstein & Chuck Schumer Press Conference    
 	The old witch looks scared did she mess her Depends. What crimes has she committed? Hopefully this Q anon is for real and the dyke goes down along with Hillary. 
 Nigger 
 Lol, no. Just ignorant redneck asslickers. 
 Lol, no. Just ignorant redneck asslickers. 
 Fellow white women, have a heart.  Give your guns, your income, and your freedom to me.   If you don’t, you are too far gone. 
 		She is a Jewish comedian who hates white people, but constantly pretends to be white. 
 		she's nobody.  
 		she's nobody.  
 Op - Can't spell. Doesn't know proper English  Op - Everyone else is the nigger 
  Cory Booker can go kick rocks in his  clown shoes.  "Sen. Cory Booker wants to move onto a new candidate and does not care whether Kavanaugh is innocent or guilty. 
 	Turdicus Being The Nigger Turd He Is In Fact ! 
 What Theresa May's regime is basically doing is turning Britain into a country that is unfit for decent people to live in. Then even if Brexit is implemented it will be a shithole not worth living in with anything that the government doesn't like considered a hate crime. Hideous woman who is unfit to be in politics. 
 	Where are the British - the ones that sat through the Blitz. the stiff upper-lipped, upper crust rigidly fair aristos?  Is it childless politicians, the lure of power, and the fear of reprisal that drives British Politics? Bet your limey ass it is! 
 		Wolfgang, I think that the Uk version of millennials are too blame, coupled with their version of baby boomers having rampant senility if not downright dementia. 
 		Britain is under the Eu occupation and all of its politicians and hacks have sold out to Brussels and Berlin. People no longer decide their fate.   
 		Wrong; the British are consoling the thousands of ruined Children that have been groomed by Paki Lower Iq Rapists, they are biting their Pc tongues, hating themselves, and mourning the loss of pride, honour, and sovereignty. 
 Minneapolis Police Refuse To Investigate Claims Against Rep. Ellison      
 	Cause he's a nigger, and I guess in Murikaa its perfectly fine if you are a nigger or a liberal to beat and rape women. But go ahead ladies, keep drinking the poop flavored kool-aid. 
 Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol   NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
 	Lol I actually voted Syria. I don't trust Jews or Saudis and Iranians don't like Americans. I know Putin likes Assad. I've listened to Assad speak, he's quite Western and I find him believable.  
 		Every Iranian I ever met liked Americans. 
 			Go to Iran and wave the Us flag mate, whilst wearing lipstick and a dress. Dare you lol ;) 
 				Says a fucking limey whose has let his country turn into a Muslim shithole. It seems you have been wearing lipstick your whole life, while slowly your bitch ass Queen and Parliament pedophiles rape your daughters. Hows Brexit going? How many guns do you own? Oh yeah,,,Zero. 
 Cnn calls Kanye West a 'dumb negro' for supporting Trump   
 	And Don Lemon takes giant nigger dicks up his ass (or is that Anderson?) 
 Gay Jew Ok. Don'T See The Nigger Part Tho Loll!  
 Trump said he will 'send the military to our border' to 'close the southern border'. I think it is pretty obvious he is not going to issue shoot-to-kill orders on unarmed civilians, which would be refused as illegal orders anyways. Posse comatatus prohibits the military from arresting illegal alien civilians. So how is this supposed to work? I would really like to know the details. 
 	For starters, these people compose an invading force. There will be armed men somewhere in the background who owe their allegiance to some non-American group probably funded by Soros. I think Trump understands that to meet and stop these people will require a company or larger size military force. They will have to be experienced and armed with some non-lethal weapons, possibly something like sound emitting devices that cause some type of temporary paralysis via naseau or disorientation. However, the quickes way to stop them is tell Mexico No More Money and the recent trade deal is off. 
 		Under the law 'migrants' trying to cross our border are not an 'invading force'. The legal definition of that is limited to military or terrorist forces attacking our country. It will be interesting to see just how Trump uses our military without running afoul of Posse Comatatus. 
 			We have no legal confirmation that these people can be classified as migrants. That label came from the media. 
 				I suspect that there are a lot of people who are indeed terrified.  
 					The scumbags on the left and some republican assholes want to screw us with Saudi Arabia over one raghead, pos, alleged, non-American journalist and do nothing about the wetback invaders, fuck them all !  
 Gab Nazi:  "Jews control the world"   Me: Actually Jews only represent 0.2% of the world's population and besides.  Muslims make up 24% of the population.  Do Jews control them too?   Gab Nazi:  ".Kike !" 
 			No. That would make you retarded 
 		Jesus was Galilean , which is Gaelic or Gallic not semitic Jew. These new age "Vikings" watch too much cucked Tv or their beard oil is affecting their minds. Christians built the western world, not paganism. I dare they say anything to you in person.keyboard warriors, likely shills from the left 
 			You Took the Words Right Out of my Mouth. They Call themselves White Nationalists, but have Little to No Respect for their Fellow Comrades. 
 				Jesus is a jew ffs , and fuk u god. Rather a wolf of Odin than a lamb of a jew. I'm in u face 
 					Yet another Counterproductive Shit Starter, Worthless Piece of Shit.  : 
 								"Hate" can barely write in English - saw post. 
 									He's like a Retarded Caveman. 
 Kiss of Death': Democrats keep Hillary off campaign trail  by Al Weaver  October 12, 2018 04:27 Pm   
 		Just think of all the moronic women who idolized her! 
 TruthFeed News:  Feinstein Saw Trump’s ‘Lock Her Up’ Chant  Needless to Say, She’s Not Happy    
 	Kike Cunt Needs To Be--->>Locked Up ! 
 >I can handle free speech >But Not  That Free Speech  ok, retard 
 Anchor Baby Outrage: Americans Paying Billions for Illegal Alien Births!    
 	I actually find it more disgusting that the cunt chose the name Elliot. Just call him Juan or Pedro. 
 Awww, pussy doesn't want to reply back. You lose, faggot Nutzi 
 Meet Caitie McCaffrey, a Microsoft lead employee and a Services Architect for Azure - the cloud hosting service that threatened to kick off Gab not too long ago.   Is it becoming more clear why Big Tech has been trying to silence us? Their ranks are filled with hysterical and unstable Leftists who live in an alternate reality. 
 	Ergh what a shrew! Print this and post it all over the place. We need to start doing that with all these self-righeous POSs; shove their hypocrisy and lunacy in the public's face. 
 		Have ya notice that most of these people can't spell their name like a Normal "Katy-" 
 			yeah well she's another psychotic dyke from San Fran, so.  
 Vlad may have been on to something. im just sayin. muzzie invaders have been a problem since back in the day, they just dealt with them differently. 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 							Billy Boy is Boring, Billy knows only one word, maybe 2. Kike and Faggot.    Feel sorry for Billy peeps  
 Get in the oven, Mgtow loser 
 		Shout out to Tel Aviv! 
 		I don't always quote a repost of my own reply, but when i do it's just so jewfags know i meant it.   Somefuckinspicwithabottleofmexicanpiss.jpg 
  
 	What a bunch of retarded apes. 
 That is true, mute all you like, you cant accept facts. I am not interested in the white nigger level of "we wuz kangs" shit you are promoting. 
  Arrested, Charged with 8 Counts Of Assault           
 	What a brave faggot punk he is, cowards  
 Commies are calling for "Kill" teams to deal with us. Little Antifa children may soon learn that they are the real pawns in this high stakes game for power. Watch yourselves people, it's crazy time coming. Please share this. Civil War Alert !  
 	""Civil War Alert"s" like this are dumb as fuck. Selling ourselves short here. First respond should be to push pressure on law enforcement and other authorities to do their job and prosecute. Calling for civil war etc is falling for the trap of the Commies. Sadly most patriotic pundits can be pretty retarded like that. 
 De big man has spoken!  He noes dae way! 
 	Is the Bbc Pidgin site . with its Africanized baby talk.racist?     
 		Isn’t it just as hard to learn to read that nigger bullshit as it is to learn to read actual English?  
 That faggot loves black cock 
 I'll wish it out loud.  I hope that snaggle tooth, nasty ass looking cunt is fucking dead.  And I hope it was extremely painful.  I may even pray tonight for her to languish in a more vegetative state than normal, then die after she shits herself a few times.   
 Bloody hell! Here I am, watching my beloved Leafs against the Capitals. On comes a commercial for Air Transat. The only couple they show? A bloody Nigger with this White, blue-eyed blonde bitch. I am sick of this racism, this attempt at . 
 	Hay special ed why ask a question or make a statement . Then answer it that's retarded tranny b  
 there are reasons (medical etc) that make it impossible to have a child, I can think of no reason to ever fuck a nigger 
 For Leftists who think the content of islamic texts are 'open to interpretation or debate', this issue has been clarified by shaykh muhammad saalih al-munajjid for everyone. Its not.    
 	Leftards think that their own interpretation of Islam is real i.e. it is not a political force which spreads itself through violence and fear.  Problem is that when they learn the truth, its too late for them and the rest of us who have been telling them for years 
 		This Erdogan cunt is the ultimate scum of the earth, even worse the Maxime Waters. The piece of sheit is out to set Turkey back 150 years, undoing the ground breaking work Ataturk did. You know the Greek chap who introduced women voting (for instance) around 1925 in Turkey even before it was even conceived in the rest of Europe.  
 	Can't get any clearer than that! 
 		Thats whats wrong with this government.they cant speak clearly. 
 		Better still, they refuse to speak clearly. A corrupt government is complicit in the down fall of their country. Perhaps that is why there is such a rise in leaders similar in style and nature as Trump. 'Give it to me straight', that's what the pple are voting for. 
 		Exactly.atleast trump has a set of balls and speaks his mind.and gets results. 
 	Been planning it for one hundred years  
 	Never a truer statement have i seen.  
 		 
 	 
 Cnn Full Retard Racist    
 	 is  
 	There is nothing wrong with being racist. I personally welcome Cnn to the fold, we can talk about how much we hate niggers and 'tokenism' together! 
 Please delete your Voltaire quote.     You don't know what it means.     Freedom is freedom.     Words are words.     They're just words. 
 	 You're welcomed to call me a spic and a faggot as much as you want, I won't do anything about it. It's actually better to know if people have some issue against you. 
 	 You're welcomed to call me a spic and a faggot as much as you want, I won't do anything about it. It's actually better to know if people have some issue against you. 
 I'm disgusted by the Left's obsession with telling Americans, Whites, Men, or anyone else that they think has a penis that they're not allowed to have an opinion or else they consider them to be a overly privileged, sexist, bigot, devil of the worst order. 
 	So pay No Attention to the stupid asses. I don't ! 
 		Maybe when you're done high-fiving yourself like a leftist retard you might tell me precisely what you disagree with. If you have a valid point certainly then you can tell me what it is. 
 If Robert Deniro's mud kids look retarded and wrong, imagine what Johnny Rotten with Aids and his Predator looking negress have to offer genetically. ya really want that to spawn? lol  
  just letting  and the rest of the lefties know, im getting sick of this shit. I just looked up black hole coffee shop, to see if it was in Dallas. lucky for this cunt its in Houston. was gonna put on a Cruz shit and see if I could catch him for a talk. knuckle hugs for this motherfucker. 
 Elections don't matter. If they did they would not be allowed to exist anymore.   If you're still falling for that con, you fully deserve to get fucked over by your "party of choice".   You asked for it at that point. 
 	If they "don't matter", then it shouldn't matter, to anyone, if we vote in them, right? 
 		It matters, you fucking retard because you put your vote in the ballot and felt satisfied that you did all you could by voting your way out of a genocide. Well we don't want people feeling fake satisfaction, we want to increase the social pressure needed for a radical change and that means destroying the illusion of participation. 
 His name was Brandon Arndt. He helped his black elderly neighbor only to be killed for his good deeds. Perhaps no one ever gave him this sage advice, avoid the groid.    
 	there's only one name for Youths like this. 
 		Based nigger telling the truth. color me surprised. :) 
 If you're White and refuse to talk about race, that is your right.  However, if you also say you are strictly about merit, then unless you confront every non-White with the same vehemence that they cannot be about their races either, you're either a hypocrite or a unwitting leftist stooge.  You pick. 
 	Why should we Whites Not talk about Race ?    We Talk About those things, being interesting for us ! :-) 
 		If your goal is to influence opinion face to face, you talk to people about what they are ready to hear, in a way that creates credibility and lets them grow into ideas.  So if you go full retard and "Name the Jew" when they would have heard everything if you said "globalist" interchangably, you are being selfish. 
 If I lived in Georgia, I would vote against Stacey Abrams    
 	Pretty sure she violated a state statute. But hey these politicians get to break the law all they want. We can get charged for statutes that haven't been used in decades for politically motivated reasons and nobody says a fucking thing meanwhile this nigger is burning her state flag whilst trying to run for the governorship of that same state. What the literal fuck. Why are we allowing this to happen and not revolting?  
 Nigger you don't get to decide what free speech is, you're as bad as those scumcuck commie liberals.  Go eat shit until you die from infection. 
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				True White Nigger - delete your account and run along and fellate your rabbi. 
 Why leaving Islam needs to be normalized  
 	I think it is disgusting that if a Muslim wishes to leave Islam they face honour killing by their family that is not the behaviour of a religion that is the behaviour of a cult 
 		imagine if christians did that,, then we wouldnt be in this mess. 
 				"islam bad. no disney world, no miley cyrus, no sexbots."  
 				If white nationalists had brains (they don't) they'd embrace those boomer themes  
 				If white nationalists had brains (they don't) they'd embrace those boomer themes  
 I was banned from Twitter for calling retarded people retarded.i think I'm in love with you 
 		Lmfao Yes spamming is a total pwn in your taysachs ridden mind maybe. 
 				If you say so baby rapist. ;) 
 				If you say so baby rapist. ;) 
 That's news to me that Gab is Alt right. If freedom is Alt right then count me in   Does that mean Twitter is Alt left (its just trash)   I guess that means I need to support Mr. Bolsonaro   So with that said boa sorte, Mr. Bolsonaro   
 	No it doesn't mean twitter is alt-left - it means Gab is racist, anti-Semitic and white supremacist - Attacks on Trump Echo Smears of John Birch Society    the Cfr is dividing the left & right - they are progressives & get more Usa destruction with the alt-left in power - they are the globalist ruling elite  
 		You retarded cuck. How does it feel now that your butt buddy Marty is gone? 
 My friend here looks great, and it's a good reminder of how utterly irrelevant you are. Where are you in the national stage? Oh that's right! Nowhere!  How many followers you bleeding these days? I keep seeing your numbers sliding! Not a surprise; pretty much everyone despises you!  Why, most of your posts don't even break 5 upvotes! Meanwhile, I get hundreds of upvotes here, and millions of hits on my site.   Amazing how, even though you're "powered" by Adderall, you never seem to accomplish anything! Pathetic! Why, you couldn't even pull off your "Q troll" successfully, because literally no one believed you!   Precisely Zero converts! Not surprising coming from a Zero like you! 
 	Why do you give Microchip the time of day? 
 		Because  is in his dreams,and under his skin permeating every fiber of his being.  if you were on fire I'd throw gas on you then call the Fire Dept to report a 5 alarm fire across town. You got owned you faggot moneygrubbing cunt.  
 Finally, Leftist women realize they really are only valuable for one thing - and even then, just barely. 
 	What about women who supported Kavanaugh?  C'mon, you gutless harlot. You know you want some man-jawed dyke dressed like a Nazi to nail your nipples to a table and sodomize you in the ass with a spiked strap on. I mean, I'll only do it if I can seal you in my storm cellar and drop zyklon B in as 'aftercare', but I know it's true. 
 	Just a reminder that your 'god' is some long dead jew, if he ever existed.   And European civilization was destroyed  by  Christians in name of your  alien, desert 'god'.   Thanks for proving that Christianity is an enemy to Europe.   Christianity and  islam are indeed identical in your hatred for civilization and beauty 
 			 
 				thats the gayest thing ive seen today 
 							Apparently? 
 								Dude I even watched someone only yesterday try to extend an olive brand to them and posting all these nazi/pagan style memes. and the replies were just acidic.   They just cannot seem to co-exist with us and frankly - hitler mentioned them specifically in mein kampf, and warned against trying to co-exist with them.   The Jews loved them then for their divisive shenanigans and it's no different now. 
 															The fact that this retarded comment got 3 upvotes means that 3 people in here need to strongly consider suicide.  
 Why do beta leftist faggot cucks think "hypocrite" is synonymous with "checkmate"? Cringe. 
 What a faggot normie try hard. Ohh they got to be wojack's empty brother hey? Who the fuck made you big boss? Whats a nazi meme video? Fucken feminist vegan dope fiend Hitler Fapping to a sand nigger nazi banging Eva? Fuck outta here globalist pig dog. Go back to reddit.  
 		We fight for the same cause turd. 
 			Comments are such garbage that I can't even tell who you are replying to. I for one do not fight for Christian affinity scams. 
 				well you can at least respect it without being such a douchebag 
 					If you respect Gab you would shut down your spambots and followbots and upvotebots and apologize to all Gab users and to Andrew, who you have put in a very awkward position by literally being the biggest Tos abuser on his platform, and this after he gave you a totally unjustifiable blue checkmark. 
 						Well, lets see.bots attack with porn, child abuse, and the list can go on and on. I did not start this war. My time combating this wicked puke should be thanked. so buzz off penis helmet 
 							You were running your upvote botnet long before the tranny spamming kid attacked. That's why I was ready when you returned the day after the wedding.   I don't like spammers. 
 																			If you were on hiatus you never would have seen my tags, retard. 
 	She meant exactly what she said. More violence, more riots, more dead police officers and more black clothed, masked, marauding, senior citizen beating "non mobs" funded, sponsored, paid and bussed in by her favorite pathological benefactor, good old Nazi George. 
 		Soros is not a Nazi. He cannot possibly be one because his actions are the Opposite of Nazism. Just because he once Collaborated with the Nazis does not make him a Nazi. He is a Marxist. Please search the internet for an education, yes? 
 			Lol! will this soros collaborated with nazis lame meme ever died? It’s dumb, boring and most importantly false af. 
 					Soros collaborated with the Nazi’s and turned Jews in to them. He boasted about it in an interview on 60 minutes.  
 								You don’t play much chess, do you? 
 																		I will indeed. 
 They can’t relate emotionally with others. Makes perfect sense, add psychotropic drugs Mk-Ultra and boom mass killer! 
 	Dylann Roof caused our Civil War monuments to come down even though he was an Aspie, by definition a sociopath, and too socially retarded to truly understand Any kind of politics.   Their psychiatrists should be telling every damn one of them to stay away from politics. Why aren't Aspies banned from firearms? 
 David Hogue, Design Lead at Google: You do not believe in God.   You do not believe Hell exists.   Both do. 
 		What is this the demonrats insurance policy ?    
 		What is this the demonrats insurance policy ?    
 Kid Rock - Hillbilly Stomp   
 Kid Rock - Hillbilly Stomp   
 Rt :    Straight-A Student, 21, kidnapped, raped and murdered by South African gang  
 	The comments here are definitely something else. Anyways, towards the story, why would anyone go to South Africa? It's under the rule of a genicidal communist party. That's just an insane idea. 
 		More specifically, it's full of Blacks. Why would any White person choose to be around Blacks unless they have been conditioned to believe that race doesn't matter?   I can guarantee race matters to the Nigger rapists who took turns penetrating her White vagina. It mattered to them very much. 
 The weird thing is that cops usually just detonate the things with a bomb disposal robot, instead of risking taking them apart and studying them.    It has a bad smell 
 		I'm going to do some Jewish Hoaxes soon. Tomorrow probably 
 		I'm going to do some Jewish Hoaxes soon. Tomorrow probably 
 Libs going to teach lions to be vegans  
 	What a fucking retarded statement. They really think they can change natural order. 
    I figure I'll give the child the music she truly deserves as an Npc. This one's for you  I'll let you think about what comes next >:)   Britney Spears - Oops.I Did It Again    
 		 
 		 
 Antifi Asshole. 
 		Im so afraid. 
 		needs raped 
 Maga---like a dick in the face to retarded liberals.yeah.just like that 
 Now has the cunt may the prat got the message now the eu Nazie leader s as drop breixt in November now fucking walk away or fuck ing sake that prat may she fucking loser we want out no fucking deal s with eu she that fuck ing dum 
 Serious question. Why are Jewish groups using their trucks to transport invaders to our border? "Because you're antisemitic" is not an answer. Let's be adults about this. Who is funding this?  
 		Look, this whole shtick that Soros is a Nazi that hates white people is retarded and needs to stop. He identifies as Jewish first and has said so many times. Adl defends him also and says attacks against him are antisemitic. Source of pic:  
  
 	Thats p/c for nasty cunt ! 
 God hates you if you are cruel to animals. 
 	Define ‘cruel.’ We (humans) are God’s most precious creation. That’s why you see a dead dog on the side of the road you keep driving. But a person? You’ll stop every time to see if they’re okay 
 		I would not stop for a nigger or a Latino, but I'd stop for an injured animal every time.  That should tell you that there are millions of people who consider the low Iq Beaner and Niggah lower than most animals. 
 There should be a test that if you turn into a nigger by having weed, you will be executed. 
 		I've dealt with that Steven Van Zandt looking ass kikeress since 2016 Twitter when she was shilling for fuckin' Ted Cruz and us "Trumpists" then were on the warpath. She's a shiesty conniving cunt that deserves all the video game related scenarios I can think of.   
 Might have been a nigger. Arizona isn't nigger free anymore. 
 Scomo, you got it right, Our Embassy to Jerusalem the Israeli's Capital, it was is and will always be.  Arafat the Egyptian billionaire now rotting in hell, that cunt is no Palestian, there is no Palestine, it is British Raj Created in 47, and the left over Arabs  call themselves something that never ever exzizted 
 Scomo, you got it right, Our Embassy to Jerusalem the Israeli's Capital, it was is and will always be.  Arafat the Egyptian billionaire now rotting in hell, that cunt is no Palestian, there is no Palestine, it is British Raj Created in 47, and the left over Arabs  call themselves something that never ever exzizted 
 Gab Nazi:  "Jews control the world"   Me: Actually Jews only represent 0.2% of the world's population and besides.  Muslims make up 24% of the population.  Do Jews control them too?   Gab Nazi:  ".Kike !" 
 		Hell Jack, there's probably a Jew hiding in your closet as we speak! 
 			A lot of Jews are hiding in closets all over, because they're the biggest faggots in the world!   
 Not bad for a corporal of humble background.     
 	.@TruthWillOut. Fuck you and your bogus ass film made by a homosexual soccer player . in the Uk!     
 		.@Intellgncisnotregurgtaton Further more, I could care less for your left/right politics! if Ur an asshole, ur going 2 get called out! There is No debate when Ur only focus is "kill the jews", "white power", etc. that is fucking retarded u fucking moron & nobody wants to hear it anymore! 
  
 	Rachel & Christina should wallow in their commiseration with John Lennon's "Woman is the nigger of the world" 
 		Your easily triggered!   
 		Not at all, whore.  
 		. 
 		Kudos to the adults in the room. The Lego hurlers must be absolute peaches in real life.  
 		Gfy meth head.  
 		To bad Kushner’s the Man 
 		That fucks you in the ass.  
 		American. 
 					Free speech is a normal thing. The only types who don't want it are socialists because it fooks up their ideology completely. National Socialists are just greedy socialists who want their socialism just for themselves and not other races. Take that away and you have lots of little antisemitic Corbyns on here :) 
 						I'm sick and tired of you fucks saying nationalism is about race. Nationalism is about country and culture. To preserve the America way of life is nationalism. Don't have shit to do with race. You come to this country you leave your culture where you come from. You embrace American culture or get the Fuck out. 
 							I agree. It's the National Socialists who don't. For them white cultures are only for whites. The black girl I'm seeing is as British as me. Just watch! That'll get them all going again lol 
 								If anyone can be British then it's as meaningless as being the fan of a sports team you socially constructed half-wit. 
 														She's just a nigger with British documents, unless you believe in Cheddar Mang. 
 Chelsea Clinton mulling a run for political office  if someone 'steps down or retires'    via  
 	Don t bother Cunt 
 "The concept of a ban button for you as a user would be simple: if you ban someone from your Gab content, they can no longer comment on your posts. They can still view your public content, because it is public. They can still quote your public content and give their own commentary to their own followers."   - I like it. 
 	Allowing them to use Quote is how I got slammed one time with nothing but Trash Porn by them attaching the shit to every one of my Posts.so that even though I had the person Muted every one of my followers had to see the shit and it wasn't just one Post it was hundreds .No this is a dumb ass Idea !   
 		"if you ban someone from your Gab content, they can no longer comment on your posts."   Thus making it to where those spam faggots can't leech off your audience. 
 			Now see how your post is under mine? That is what they do except they attach a Damn Porn picture to your post using the same Quote Option I just did .and everyone of your followers will then see that post regardless of whether you have them muted or not 
 				How about you remove user from following you and unfollow them, can they still "quote" you? 
 					Steve And Everyone Else Who Hates This  "Free Speech" Platform - Take Your Complaints Up With The SUpREMe Court. I Am Not TheM.  I Do Not Defend, Like Or OTheRWISE Promote Tranny POrN Or Any Kind Of POrN, Personal Attacks, Or OTheRWISE, So Shut The Fuck Up With Your "Accusations."   If You Are So Unhappy With Gab, Get The Fuck OfF Gab. Go Back To The Twat Bird Or PEDoBOOK Where TheY Promote PEDoPHILIA, Murder, I DoN'T CAre What Else, I Am DoNE With Your Harassment Of Me Over Your Bullshit.  I Was Being Civil, But I Am DoNE.   And You Won'T Be Posting Any Sick Pix In My Content BeCAUSE You Are Muted. I Will Mute You All And CONTInUE To Do So BeCAUSE Here, At Least I Have FreeDoM Of ASSoCIAtION So Fuck The Fuck OfF.   Buhbye. 
 	Nothing to do with god it the mad scientist that play with the climate that think there god it globalist that do it not god god is only trying make thing right it weather weapons that the globalist have and it being shown how the us those weapons on has and the planet  
 		oh, the countdown to some little cunt to bring up fucking someones mum 
  
 	she apologized for calling a guy who tried to rape and rob her, nigger in testimony to the district attorney 18 yrs ago. What fucking planet are we on. 
 The D stands for Deutscher you mamzer retard lmao 
 Minneapolis Police Will Not Investigate Keith Ellison Due to ‘Conflict of Interest’      
 	nigger fears 
 Southampton student union leader wants to paint over ww1 mural   this evil white hating, man hating Muppet wants to deface a mural dedicated to the fallen of world war one .   the mural in Southampton university has offended her cultural Marxist ideas and she wants it gone.           
 	She's twat of the highest order i don't know about you Rev but i wish these sjw's would just piss off they are the most racist cunt's i've ever seen what a bunch of self entitled little kid's 
 New York Times pond scum. 
 	Every time I see a four-eyed, pink-haired loud-mouthed commie Korean cunt I thank God for white women. 
 how many jews have pagans burned at the stake ?  
 	How many whites have christians burnt at the stake? 
 		well technically none.  a whole heap of heretics but  sort of no christians whatsoever.  ex christians sure. torched loads of them. 
 			So none of the white heretics & white pagans you guys burnt at the stake, & massacred were white . 
 				Bit strange that he/she claims no Christians too. A whole heap of the people burned alive and hanged for witchcraft during the Protestant Reformation were Catholics. 
 						Yeah bro, they got rekt! 
 								Yo, Bro,.ease up on the faggot stuff. 
 		I don't care how people choose to live their life.  I just don't want them trying to force me into thinking it is normal.  Do what you like and leave me alone. 
 			Just Stay Away From Me. No Law Will Make Me Condone What You Do/Are. 
 		Ms. Westcott - My dear lady. You stole my thunder. James Douglass 
 		mike pompeo pedo agenda confirmed. 
 		So Pompous Pompeo is a pansy too?   Hey you stupid Trumpanzees, how is your orange clown any different from having  Hillary as president?  
 		So Pompous Pompeo is a pansy too?   Hey you stupid Trumpanzees, how is your orange clown any different from having  Hillary as president?  
 The one thing that was driving me nuts was being targeted with fairy gay faggot tranny porn. Thankfully, that has stopped. 
 		Lol   you're a legend in your own mind aren't ya David 
 			Unlike you, I actually have a functioning mind!  Since your head is up your ass you haven't had oxygen for a long time! 
 				you have the intellect of a cockroach 
 						I've been standing up for the caucasian race since the 70's   where the fuck have you been? 
 						I've been standing up for the caucasian race since the 70's   where the fuck have you been? 
 I will call it what it us - a destabilizing army! If they get through, we are Done! 
 	I hate this nigger bitch so much. 
 Welcome to Gab ! Just be sure to mute those racist comments that are actually liberals trying to infiltrate and discredit the platform.  "This is why we can't have anything nice." 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Vegans Are Malnourished  Blood Is Good For Us!    
 	Excuse me, but What!   I have Met people who Knew Prabhupāda in the 1950s.   And several who knew him in the 60s and 70s.   Blood!   I don't remember ever hearing about the need to consume Blood!   Kṣatriyas perhaps are allowed to consume meat, but brahmacārīs, gṛihasthas, or sannyāsīs!   Absolutely Not!   Only in a life or death situation should they do so. 
 				Do you not know the difference between a varna and an ashrama lol? the ass burgers are eating you alive 
 				Do you not know the difference between a varna and an ashrama lol? the ass burgers are eating you alive 
 	Unimaginable the sick thoughts going through his head. Pedophile loving scumbag.  
 	Or as the Podestas call it: "Walnut Pasta"  
 	Or as the Podestas call it: "Walnut Pasta"  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	2) You can easily see muted posts by looking in your spam folder.  3) Hopefully this four step procedure will not happen every time you just want to mute a larper.  
 		You're a faggot boomer.  
 Genre: Electronic   Sub-genre: Breakbeat   Artist: Neel Kolhatkar   Song: The sickest cunt (enkay1er)    
 Genre: Electronic   Sub-genre: Breakbeat   Artist: Neel Kolhatkar   Song: The sickest cunt (enkay1er)    
 An elderly White man accidentally bumped into this guy’s daughter, so he naturally blamed Trump.   This is peak Npc logic right here. 
 	"Knocking her to the ground with a bloody nose." Really? When my kids were small they fell all the time and never got a bloody nose. Talk about embellishing, drama queen  
 		As if that faggot has a a kid. 
 Ol Hollian will have the shortest Pro membership stint in the history of Gab from the looks of it. Sad. 
 	See, I told you so. 
 		For the record, if gab struggles going forward it wasn’t because of any malfeasance like you predicted. Factors beyond his control are at work. 
 			I laid out more than one fail scenario.   I called it on Azure, and this is the Same Attack Vector. He had One Million Bucks to work with to build infrastructure. He got married instead.   Torba should have read less philosophy and more science fiction. 
 				@a is a retard and thought he could hang with Zuckerberg and Dorsey becuse they are retards like him because hubris. 
 					Replace Zuck and Dorsey with Trump and Parscale and you're not wrong. 
 					Replace Zuck and Dorsey with Trump and Parscale and you're not wrong. 
 	So what ya got nothing better to do? 
 		I assume the " D C " stands for Dickhead Cunt ?  Ya mom says high 
 It's over boys 
 		This is the whitest nigger I've everseen.    
 		cunt punt 
 So my Twitter account has been suspended No explanation. I suppose some twat has been offended 
 Anti-racism is a codeword for anti-white.   If whites are to survive, then we must, just as all other races do, advocate and stand up for our race.                #Q    
 	Wn is cancer. we need unity, we have unity, and identitarians like you aren't helping. no one is stopping you from having kids with who you want, except groups like Yours!  Wn is anti-liberty, anti-choice, and has only brought ruin to whites, see Hitler's vision of Germany. 
 		 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man  
 This kid!  ugh 
 	Yeah he is a retard 
 Those ladies are in for a big shock, Glenn didn't get shot, the one who was supposed to shoot him got shot by Glenn's son.  The cunt lives on.  
 Good times. I was there watching it all. I remember how the networks removed part of the video showing the cops beating the shit out of him. They carefully made certain the portion showing the Nigger attacking the cops was never shown on television. 
  
 	Is Jared Kushner the Jewish Messiah? 
 			Jared Is A Frequent Utilizer Of Mr. T'S Well Worn Puppet Hole  with a nod and a wink just that quick he takes control. 
 			Jared Is A Frequent Utilizer Of Mr. T'S Well Worn Puppet Hole  with a nod and a wink just that quick he takes control. 
 	Settle down Chuck.  
 	Settle down Chuck.  
 Yenta Text 
 	I don’t recall this jew cunt speaking out about Christian church shootings. 
 American dream? More like a nigger nightmare 
 A prime example of a Useful Idiot. 
 	Degenerate faggot 
 Thread by    It’s lunchtime . Thursday, October 18, 2018  -  Saudi Arabia and Turkey.      Day 15.1 Brennan's Cia Cabal Mad About Khashoggi Jihad Land Grab Machine Broken - YouTube     CrossTalk on Khashoggi: Search for justice - YouTube     Saudis transfer $100M to Us Gov, as suspect in Khashoggi murder dies in "car accident" - YouTube     Nolte: Establishment Media's Concern for Jamal Khashoggi Is Fake News | Breitbart     Virgil: Media, Dems, and Deep Staters Try to Tank Trump's America First Saudi Policy     Washington Post Smears Front Page to Cover Up Facts About Khashoggi     Why Is Khashoggi Being Made The Defining Issue Of U.S. Foreign Policy?                                               @1776Ninja                    @mysticphoeniix     @1776Ninja                                             @12gaPATRIOT                @1013Lana           FollowTheWhiteRabbit      
 		Funny fuckin hypocrite conundrums the pinkos find themselves in. 
 		Nuke that shithole  
 		prove it  getting tired of talk no action  
 		prove it  getting tired of talk no action  
 	That violence and hate is how they show love, at least according to them, you just don't understand true love.  
 		Lol. not trying to sound like an internet badass- but I would love for this to happen to me.  I think I would like to show some love back- in the form of an uppercut to his weak ass jaw.  
 		You show them love back, they charge you.   Look at the guys in North Carolina?   One of them was hit with a bat, one sprayed with a flame thrower, none did any damage to anyone, and all 4 are facing serious prison time for defending themselves.  
 		We damn should have been using the courts against them for the last 50 years, should have filed millions of cases to get Aa, roevswade, etc overtruned, bogged down, they got so sick of the paper work, they finally gave up.  
 		That’s why you flee after getting them back and don’t turn yourself in.  
 	#8chan thread -       
 		Hahaha! 
 			Hope she files assault charges!  
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 		nigger 
 Birmingham Uk: Householders who have caught burglars themselves eventually being told to let them go after calling the police - because there were no available officers to attend.   they are too busy trying to find hurty words on face book and twat er.   if the police no longer do they job they should people will have to take the law in to their own hands this will not end well.         
 Birmingham Uk: Householders who have caught burglars themselves eventually being told to let them go after calling the police - because there were no available officers to attend.   they are too busy trying to find hurty words on face book and twat er.   if the police no longer do they job they should people will have to take the law in to their own hands this will not end well.         
 You can follow Tommy's trial via Ezra Levant's Twitter feed ( see below )   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Ezra Levant Verified account    Huge crowd gathered outside the Old Bailey court in London in advance of Tommy Robinson’s trial. Follow me on Twitter for real-time updates; I’ll post videos at   when I can. 
 	It's ok that you npc's dislike my comment. But you are attacking the symptom of having been conquered by your Jewish overlords instead of removing the disease. Then you attack me as if I don't have your best interest in mind. It's astonishing to say the least. 
 		 So are you just a retard or a troll? 
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 		I already told before ,I don't believe you are a White man ,and ask any woman on here if I don't respect and treat them with dignity ,so go suck a nigger dick kike  
 	Of course Sasse would want to be nominated 
 	He is my senator. he embarrasses me nearly every time he speaks. 
 		Sasse is up for re-election in 2020. Have you heard anything about a potential primary challenger? 
 		not yet, but I am not even sure if Sasse is going to run for re election.  He might just chicken out like Flake. 
 	Sasse is too dumb to be read into the vast right wing conspiracy. Too dumb to even spend the 10 minutes it takes to figure it out either. Collins was read into it. Collins of all people was read into the conspiracy to solidify her vote. 
 	Sasse is too dumb to be read into the vast right wing conspiracy. Too dumb to even spend the 10 minutes it takes to figure it out either. Collins was read into it. Collins of all people was read into the conspiracy to solidify her vote. 
 My very first post on Gab! Facebook I'm phasing you out. 
 		No reason? I’d say killing Christians & causing white genocide through middle eastern apartheid inciting muslims to take refuge in white countries is a damn good reason to kill jews. Also jews writing all gun control, pushing race mixing, controlling 96% of global media controlling the narrative on every channel, & usury are other Really good reasons. 
 		Denial is a bitch, huh? 
 		Denial is a bitch when you threaten to kill an entire race. I have no need to talk to someone who will go out of there way to push out people who have every right as a human being to be who they are. You're entire Nazi bullshit is just an assumption that all Jews are evil and trying to take over(even though a few are we can agree on that). Best of luck to you and your family 
 		Ok let's settle this here. Yes, there are certain Jews who are doing bad. And christians are being defiled and called evil thanks to leftists and the Soros Rothschild propaganda machine. But must it be very jew? Every single Jew innocent or not you want to kill. I'm not sure what else I can say, so I'll leave you with a good bye and best of luck to you.  
 		Ok let's settle this here. Yes, there are certain Jews who are doing bad. And christians are being defiled and called evil thanks to leftists and the Soros Rothschild propaganda machine. But must it be very jew? Every single Jew innocent or not you want to kill. I'm not sure what else I can say, so I'll leave you with a good bye and best of luck to you.  
 Well fuck me silly. Just out of jail.  Minor shit  Listen people I’m a biker from hell. A shout out.   We must start breaking bones everywhere. Starting with the queer nigger loving soy boy faggots  Big one come in pairs the little ones come in bunches I’ll kill all you fuckers. I measure 22 inches from tit to tit and my breath smells like panther shit. I’m a bad mofucker 
  
 	fuck off retard 
 George Soros and Hillary Clinton have been successful in getting their invading hoard out of the news.  Exactly as they planned.  With help of course from their privately owned criminally retarded Msm - Marxist State Media. 
 Yeah, he wasn't any of those things, but he was an egomaniacal retard who manipulated people into performing mass genocide and started a war that killed millions before his inability to lead caused him to commit suicide like a coward. 
 I am a black/native american dude and I find Nazi's disgusting, but I would and have strongly defended their right to free speech and expression. But some on the right draw the line at cartoon porn because it's icky to them. Grow a backbone, Conservative Sjw's. 
 	A nigger trying to be subversive by appealing to a nazi's free speech to defend degenerates screaming because their kiddy porn got taken away, imagine my shock 
 Share if you think Feminism is a mental illness. 
 	People want to ask God the meaning of life,  I’d just like to ask God, what really went wrong with these emotional cripples? 
 		That's Abby Browne. Orbital level retard at the best of times. 
 She says: "If you breastfeed your sons, you are training them to be rapists when they grow up. You're basically teaching them that they can touch a woman's body whenever they want. If you oppose rape, stop breastfeeding boys!"   Her profile says: "Scholar. Activist. The first openly Lgbtqia+ Muslim Imam(ah), fighting for intersectional feminist social justice."   I said:   **speechless** 
 	Another nutcase Muzzie who is probably a victim of inbreeding in her own family.  Breast feeding was the original baby bottle given by God all in its original packaging and no refrigeration required.   
 >Future generations of communist agitators, race traitors and multi kulti organizers. >Haven't done anything. Retard alert. 
  
 		 
 			Is that supposed to be ?    my ass!  
 				 
 						Nationalist Snowflake 
 							Sad you display alot of triggering why do you engage in this "giving them attention syndrom".Just by answering you seem to prove is point of the snowflake part. 
 							Sad you display alot of triggering why do you engage in this "giving them attention syndrom".Just by answering you seem to prove is point of the snowflake part. 
 Wow, people on here sure are dumb. I feel that the right is becoming more and more retarded as time goes on 
 	Are you afraid of your wife's black boyfriend?  
 		I'm not married. Next :) 
 				I'm a lovely bloke. Marriage ties you down to just one woman and I need sharing lol 
 					The only sharing you need is your body parts after they have been removed from your body.  
 						Bless him! Poor Adrian is cross because I repeatedly bang his head against a lamp post lol 
 																			Buy people did travel. They took over countries and still never mixed.     
 																			Buy people did travel. They took over countries and still never mixed.     
 If you are unhappy with the state of things in your country, you take it up with your Government   Or you run for office yourself. Start a movement. Facilitate change   You don't just march off to another country & demand they let you in, let you vote, pay for all of your Health Care, Food, Education & Housing, while you squeeze out 5 more kids.    
 	Imagine, Hillbilly Clinton would roll out the red carpet! 
 	Imagine, Hillbilly Clinton would roll out the red carpet! 
 And here it is folks what studies find. sigh 
 		Keep lots of mud huts handy.  
 			All Western aid should be suspended to Africans until they agree to sterilization after one niglet 
 You Ignorant Diseased Dna    God Is Going  To Shower  You With Death 
 	You Carnival Baby Shit Out By A Carnival Infected  Crack Cunt 
 Absolutely, you retarded anti-science niggerlover. 
 she filed for divorced. apparently, the nigger baby is more important to her. 
 Fuck that supreme court retard shit blowing the  off of Main Stream Media these days. well i guess its right though the  got it place in it all even tho we are no longer protruding a part in polling on internet unless its  Thinking. boy all these election reflection coming up for where there a new silent majority to trigger leftist 
 Does anyone know this woman? Can you help her please.   She needs her meds. 
 		  
 		  
 An attention-starved thot felt stressed, so she stripped naked and smeared period blood all over herself before posting pictures online to feel empowered. 
 	Painting with blood from her own menstruation to get attention is so stupidly retarded and disgusting that she should be look for a good psychologist to help her. 
 	 
 	beause the sicko leftie scum say you cannot be racist to white people 
 	beause the sicko leftie scum say you cannot be racist to white people 
 We have a two front war that has been raging for almost 2 decades.   Meanwhile. All the low Iq tv worshipping sub humans think abortion is the most important topic ever in politics. 
 	You also have to watch Mia Love. She is a fake Conservative.  Not much choice in that race but she is a Rino at best. 
 		I remember, about 6 years ago, Mia was around and the most retarded liberal freak's loved her.  I never bothered to look into it.  All I know is that the university was pushing her.  
 White House Confident Fbi Investigation Clears Way For Kavanaugh Vote      
 	Cunt News Network's anchors always look unhappy, never see them smiling nor with anything intelligent to say, just that same dumbed down stupid pasty look on their faces! 
 Whoopi Goldberg Says Actresses Used Sex With Ugly Men To Get Ahead   
 	karen is an ignorant nigger 
 Cunt 
 The tactically prudent thing for the White Right to do is sit out this midterm.    A faction which delivers votes for a coalition that's actively and openly screwing it while blowing off its promises surrenders its potential influence.    I voted for a White Duterte, and all I got was this Orange Jeb. 
 	stfu retarded white nigger 
 We need to declare "War" on the Nwo Communists Usa Invasion    
 	Id Kill To Protect Usa Borders Over Sand Nigger Borders  Any Day!  Be Advised BeANER People. 
 he's right, most you faggot are just pretending. you don't got the balls to do shit and even If you did, the majority of whites would be on the front line, sticking your fat, floppy asses into the short coffins. more of us than you and you salty fucks talk about it offline. you know you aint Shit. Wn is cancer. 
 Right?  I'm legitimately scared. If I was in one of those southern states I would be losing my shit.  Arizona & Texas are fuuuckked.    We need a leader or something.  We can't just keep sitting here doing nothing because we're losing the fucking numbers game.  Before we know it, there won't be enough of us left to do shit even if we wanted to. 
 		That's the point I'm trying to make dood. We can't do pistols at dawn, if we don't get them out the dresser first.  Which party will hasten the cleansing racial fire that we all agree needs to burn?  The middle of the road faggot repubs? Or the childish foolish monkey overloards?  You also must accept that any cop that doesn't stand with us, must perrish. 
 I absolutely hate this fake Pos!    & I am still baffled as to why the Rf allowed this unsuitable marriage. Was it because she was already pregnant when they married? 
 	Low class skank. I'm told it is the height of bad manners to announce something big at someone else's wedding. Wow everyone look at me I'm pregnant! Upstage, upstage. 
 		Very bad manners indeed, as she was trying to steal the attention away from Eugenie on her wedding day. I am really surprized the Queen allowed this! Meghan also works for the globalist Un! 
 			The Monarchy can now claim reparations as they will have nigger blood. 
 Tucker Carlson Tonight 10/1/18 | Breaking Fox News | October 1, 2018   Muslim Ellison's lawyers deny his accuser's assertion   Tucker Fox    
 	Can't wait to hear this excuse. The real reason is Ellison Is A Poc Muslim & Likes To Beat HIs Property ToO! 
 		The Dems wouldn't say a word if he was involved with a 9-year old girl, either. He's a scumbag Muzzie who Must Not be voted in. 
  
 	Martha Stewart's bed partner.she likes the retard look with her men! 
 Blumenthal releases statement about Kavanaguh. 
 		Democrats are just have Jewified minds!  They are all brainwashed retarded monkey brains!  All Jews and Democrats are human sewage! 
 Hey cunt fuck off Trump lover 
 Rt :    Democrat Mayor of Portland stands by , believes in the mob, not the rule of law. Only matter of time before someone is going to get killed if you continue to allow anarchy like this to thrive in the streets.  
 	You know damn well if it's a Klantifa that's killed the Ppd will be all over that shit. 
 		There is No connection between the Nigger Lovers In Antifa and the Good Men Of The Kkk. Idiot.  
 Famous nigger congress person speaks, in 1995.  Yes, she was a democrat.    
 Looks more like a black nigger than a man.    
  
 	Smart good looking couple needs to find Jesus Christ I pray they do! 
 		There's a Hindu gentleman, a true gentleman, at the night-shift checkout in my neighborhood grocery story. Open about his faith but does not push. Remarkable ability to say the right thing. He warms more souls and heals more hearts with his gentle words than any human being I know. I'm a Christian but who am I to judge? 
 			Shut the fuck up, Bradford, you virtue signaling, demoralized, pathetic, son of a bitch. You sound like the sort of guy to give your wife over to a nigger 
 Time To  
 	What the fuck are you talking about?   Ive been to my ruby tuesday in trump shirt and maga hat idk how many times. Not only do they serve us, but they love us. We are treated as VIPs there.   Where the fuck are you getting this nonsense from? 
 		The world doesn't revolve around you.you can't even imagine that at one of their restaurants this could happen? Really? 
 						Ha ha.you're not very bright, are you. Bless your heart. 
 							>doesnt know who I am   
 							>doesnt know who I am   
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 The Fbi affidavit used as an excuse to imprison Rise Above Movement members uses information sourced from a fucking Antifa blog to categorize the group.     It's laughable, it's a sham.it's happening.     This set up must be combated with every last legal resource dissidents can muster. 
 	Did you know I had to fight through 3 bullshit politically motivated criminal trials after the rally? With almost nonexistent support from the community because people with platforms were suppressing the information? If so why didn't you speak up then? 
 		I haven't thrown anyone under the bus, suppressed information, havent attacked real world activists, or anything else you seem to be implying. If you have some personal grievance with me that I dont know of, Pm me and we'll talk about it.  
 			I'm not trying to make this about you. Just about every movement "leader" threw me under the bus & refused to support me when I dealt with persecution after the rally. I sacrificed my entire life & they treated my sacrifice like it meant nothing.   No support when I faced prison, tried to file lawsuits, faced down 20,000 Antifa at Utr 2. Its been total cowardice 
 				If you happen to see a serious legal effort against Charlottesville (in the near future) it will not be because of but in spite these people: Andrew Anglin, Mike Enoch, Richard Spencer, Michael Hill, etc.   All these people jumped ship & tried to look out for themselves.    Those who don't like me saying so can kiss my ass. I've been fighting Irl with no support. 
 					You should have tried harder to bring people in from an hour or two of Charlottesville. People who have a real connection to Lee, Jackson and old Virginia. Most of these other characters with the exception of the League of the South have no real connections. 
 						I should have worked on making traditional conservatives a little more bold like Trump does.   It was a huge mistake to think I could moderate the Alt-Right into a movement capable of mainstream political success.   I got into something I didn’t understand, clearly.   I got redpilled on 4Chan & had no experience with the Irl groups. 
 							Jason, you seem to have delusions of grandeur. You were never a thought leader in our movement. You organized a rally. And more recently a 2nd, Alt-Lite, one.  I admire your courage. I empathize with your persecution at the hands of our enemies. But many of our brothers have suffered far more severe and life-altering persecution than you have. 
 									Wait.you believe that only the "Nazis" you hate combated Jewish malevolence? 
 									The major difference between the alt-lite and the alt-right is that the alt-lite are Chinese. 
 									Then don't misname your project "unite the right." Call it the Jason Kessler Party and spell out its position. 
 									Dude your a cuck. Nazism? Literal Nationalist Socialist here, please explain to me what "Nazism" has to do with "obsessing over Jews in all facets of your life?" You need to stop associating calling out Jews legit crimes with antiwhite propaganda terms like "Nazism." 
 									Dude your a cuck. Nazism? Literal Nationalist Socialist here, please explain to me what "Nazism" has to do with "obsessing over Jews in all facets of your life?" You need to stop associating calling out Jews legit crimes with antiwhite propaganda terms like "Nazism." 
 i see you didnt do too well in grammar 101. good luck , hillbilly bob 
     "Migrant Caravan" Loots / Robs Food Store; Beats-up Owners in Mexico.  dragging its owner and employees out and Beating Them to steal food for their ongoing trek to the United States. 
 		Love certainly doesn't last forever - especially in my case, always some miserable cunt who'll fuck it up.  
 	whites are already conquered.already niggerized. there is no white culture. white kids and esp white girls are ape shit about nigger culture.white man loses. 
 ancient  Aliens is beating Cnn in the rating.who wants to watch very Fake news and their anchors hate America and all trump supporters 
 	reruns of Dick Van Dyke are getting 3X the ratings of Cnn. imagine 60 year old reruns being more relevant to Tv viewers than Your Reporting of the news today, Lmmfao! 
 		 
 		 
 100%       #Heathens  
 	Hellenic and Romans? Lol! Are you kidding me! Greeks and Italians are part of the "White" Origins! You people are blinded. Get back to LARPing in the woods and leave the heavy lifting to those with brains. 
 		Wow trying to make fun of Europeans ,While worshiping a Sand Nigger religon and a Sand Nigger, And Then Lol saying that Italians and greeks aren't White  
 For 99 years, the Us used slave labor - It ended in 1865   Yet, Affirmative Action has been penalizing/rewarding people that had Nothing to do with slavery for the last 57 years.   . Sorry, but this isn't my cross to bear - Time to stand on your own feet 
 		Meritocracy leads to the importation of cheap foreign labor and free trade, cause niggers are better at manual labor at lower prices and chinks can do better electronics, etc, etc. 
 Trump Slams ‘Very Unfair’ Drug Sentences  
 	A la Black vote.   I agree, bankers who rip off society for billions, with the help of the deep state, get paid big time while a nigger with a gram of crack may never see freedom again. 
 Why would he argue with you retards? He’s not like you, he doesn’t waste his time. This is why your completely retarded 
  Allowed on Twitter. 
 	slanted eye whores are a product of nigger dicks during vietnam. 
 Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol   NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
 	Johan. Your gotcha didn't work. We're not gonna choose Israel cos its richer or "da only democracy" in the Middle East. Israel is filled with Jews, stupid! I picked Iran btw. 
 		Good. SUre you'll look great in this :) 
 			Course I would. When in Tehran, do as the Iranians do. Only in topsy-turvy world of Britain do the Brittons do as they're being commanded by the Muslims. Lol 
 				Good luck in a black burkha in 45 degree heat love. And no real Britons wear burkhas. We're Christian lol 
 					Btw did you get your license for those plastic knives you're gonna be needing, mate? 
 						You don't need a license for plastic knives love.   And it's only illegal to carry a knife in public with no valid reason. You can still scoff your dinner with them :) 
 								Well that faggot  is super cucked. He even dates Jamaican fatties. 
   If that's the case you could ignore me.   But you can't. I busted you, spammer, and you deleted every post you ever made. Indeed you've done it several times.   You're the most pwned faggot on Gab, hippie. 
     Why don't you ask the English what they don't like about The Scots, Irish and Welsh. That would only be fair. 
 	What a twat that Al Murray is anyway 
 Is she mental pop sing o conner has conveted to pedo women with silly evil name next time you convert make sure it's a object like a pallet or something because you never see a pallet been race to any one or rap or kill children and have woman and girls cunt s cut out so next time mental stars don't 
 	Well, I notice that the local talk-radio republicucks are yakking 'bout antifa now.   Wake-up time?   We'll see. 
 		The Gop is spinning up a narrative about "mob violence" to scare their voters into turning out for the midterms. They haven't done anything about the mob in two years except use it as fodder in their campaign ads 
 			Politicians are reactionary. They don't do anything on their own. They are responding to what their voters have been bitching at them about. Proactive politicians do not exist. 
 				The strategy here is to harness the backlash among cucked suburban Republicans over Kavanaugh and the anger of the Republican base over Antifa to boost Gop turnout in the midterms 
 					What will that translate into policywise?   Is the Gop going to be "tough" on the mob? Please note their current policy agenda includes "prison reform" which is the exact opposite of their messaging. It is strongly supported by the Koch brothers 
 						Not if people like Hunter Wallace talk everyone who cares about using the Gop against the anti-white mob into removing themselves from electoral politics.   The problem with using the shortcomings of a political party as a means by which to scare people away from the process that determines its leadership and platform is that it results in the very shortcomings that one is criticizing.    If you want to meet your fate on the road you took to avoid it, abstain from electoral politics. As the agorists in the libertarian and anarcho-capitalist communities have demonstrated, abstinence is a great way to accomplish nothing while staying entirely irrelevant. 
 							There is no border wall. Illegal aliens continue to pour over the border. The political capital was spent on tax cuts and deregulation and massive increases in military spending. The Us embassy was moved to Jerusalem. Enormous sanctions were imposed on Russia. We attacked Syria twice 
 																		 Speaking of faggot shit, and the failure of the Gop to stand up against it- can't think of any public action that would attract more recruits for street actions than Blair Cottrell confronting a child groomer in public.   Suspect 'Drag Queen Storytime's are deliberately put in libraries to stigmatize disruption.    
  
 	Cunt 
 	jealous?  or mad it wasn't you? 
 		Why are you a Faggot too? You degenerate? 
 Chelsea Handler: My White Privilege Makes Me Feel ‘Very Gross’    
 	 
 		At least she can never squirt spawn out of that filthy cunt of hers.  Who the hell would ever fuck her?  Puke. 
 Real users finally outnumber the nazi trolls. Despite all efforts Gab has become a free speech platform for Everyone. Suck it up buttercup. 
 		So you're saying I troll faggots? Probably, when they say stupid stuff like this post. 
 I agree. I am not really a sports fan. But I like Mma and Boxing. Muzzie and Dindu invasion has wrecked it all. Fedor and St. Pierre and Miocic (even Chael) all have more class than that fucking camel jockey! 
 How the Italian police deal with Antifa.  Great, feel good video.  I could watch this all day.    
 		Stfu faggot 
 I am writing a petition and starting an llc org for the Preservation of Comic Book History which will hopefully and effectively, stop All new changes to any and all comic persona. this way, some kike cocksucker will never be able to make another Aquaman without blonde hair and blue eyes; Superman will never be a nigger; Batman will never be a faggot cocksucker; Batgirl and Wonder woman will never be dykes.  who is with me? 
 These are the best countries to live and work in  and where to find a pay rise  
 		Niggers and Amerindians. 
 Twitter Ceo Jack Dorsey says Twitter was never really about free speech and claims past statements suggesting otherwise were meant as a joke.   Report:   
 		Well there ya go:."Kike is as Kike does!" 
 Sneaky fox Pt. ||     
 	Faggot 
 .now that's funny. 
 	Garth the faggot ass dick sucker, no thanks, this none singing faggot couldn't whip his way outa a pile of shit ! ps fuck you Garth Brooks you anal licking faggot bitch ! 
 I will reply to you Once before I mute you.    The second we cannot get past skin color to see a good person, then this world is lost.  And he is a man who obviously loves his wife and loves the Constitution And is willing to stand up for what he believes in.  It's you I feel sorry for. 
 		Very well said. 
 		virtue signalling to prove your "Pussy Correctness" is a fag level move. You have no idea what you are defending, and doing so out of ignorance is a sign of weak character and a parrot mindset. You got my mute,   
 Goddamn Filthy Black Nigger Beasts don't belong in White Societies.  I'm tired of seeing all these bullshit propaganda photos.  They are not us and it's time we rid ourselves of these fucking worthless and destructive parasites. 
 Not even an hour into looking through gab I am floded with alt-right and Nazi values. Extremely sexist and homophobic comments as well as hella xenophobic shit. The reason most y'all come here is because any other place would judge you, which just so you know to judge someone based on what they say is not anti-free speech. 
 		Hells yeah I am fucking Het Brit. I ain't black tho so I'd call myself a n-word or African peoples loving faggot 
 		Hells yeah I am fucking Het Brit. I ain't black tho so I'd call myself a n-word or African peoples loving faggot 
 , , , and  are, so far, my favorite accounts on here. If you aren't following these people, you are a retard and can't be my friend. Follow them for excellent political and meta political analysis.    Also follow,  because he is funny. Lastly, check out  when she comes back. Interesting lady. 
 I notice you're still a nazi faggot ;)  
 Twitter is made up of Racist Hateful Bigot Jews and Democrat Pigs!  The vile Retarded leftsts are intellectually incapable of forming a complete sentence!  The Racist Jews let them wallow in all their Racist Sexist morally degenerate sewage on Twatter!  They get to spew their Racist Sexist Retarded bile all day long there! They have no intelligence so they do not find it easy here and run away like the little BigotS they all are! 
 Hey Fucktard, a Nationalist is someone who is loyal to their country, which until recently, was a requirement of every country. Do you think we're retarded or can't remember yesterday? Is it okay for Israel to be Nationalists, or are they Nazis too? 
  I wasn't interested because he remained civil, but then he made that odd statement.  Given the low proportion of the Us jewish population that joins the military compared to Whites and given that even israel has not been sending troops to fight in the Iraq wars or in Afghanistan. therefore this guy's comment that he had jews to the left and the right of him on the battlefield would be likely a nonsense. Then if you look at his account and see one straight down the line normie comment after another. Odds on that it's a hasbara. Unfortunately for the gameplan that they run by, we're not born again yesterday and actually don't take comments at face value, because unlike his (or her) comment, we actually do have jews on our left and right, all the time. lying about everything. At least it wasn't posting skat porn i suppose. " Rob Bee  I don’t remember seeing you on the battlefield during our latest round of wars. no disrespect intended. however, I do recall seeing plenty of Us Jewish Soldiers onmy left and right. Just sayin’." 
 				 Yes, yes. on with the cliched hasbara replies that completely ignore the facts as they were stated to you which you did ask for but because they actually materialised you ignore them. It's a common ploy that we see here over and over. As Trump would say, Sad. Anyway, go in peace. 
 				Umm., yeah. your a shit head.  Good night. 
 				Umm., yeah. your a shit head.  Good night. 
 Uk School Makes 6-Year-Old Students Write Gay Love Letters    
 	faggot 
 Leslie Stahl is a fuckin cunt.  You can find her now on the cunt show 60 mins. 
 Leslie Stahl is a fuckin cunt.  You can find her now on the cunt show 60 mins. 
 .@COUNTRYLIVING101 <----- This is an account of a total racist moron who has  sever mental issues, is a psychopath and actually thinks his posting of a gun on his faggot ass profile page is going to scare people.                 
 Rt BillTufts    Refugees earn more than most Canadians after 25 years         
 	All thanks to that fairy gay faggot Pm, Justine Truedough. 
 Praying Medic on Twitter: "Will the President declassify the Fbi’s 37 secret pages of memos about Russia, Clintons and Uranium One?   
 	The Continuing Faggot Hoover, Adulterous, Leacherous Fbi. Will Protect The Global Elitegovcorp Deep State Against All Enemies Foreign And Domestic.  Fml 
 	Shots fired in the area of the 14-88 block of Sopwith.  Send amberlamps.  Oh shit, it's blue on blue.  Put a rush on that amberlamps.  We can rebuild him.  We have the technology.  All we need is about 6 gorillian dollars. 
 		You're funny. I am too. LOLzy 
 		Lol ;) 
 			Are you done spamming me with invites to groups yet?  156 notifications is a bit much to join 2 groups.  Especially those 2.  I mean damn. 
 		 
 		 
 White people have no reason to complain as long as the blacks are based and listen to Kanye!   
 	Are & Always Have been the Real racists. I lived in Chicago as a child & learned the Hard Way !  Met Some Great People.  But the Avg Black is obsessed with Race.   White boy this, Cracker that.  Nigger please. 
  Finally, a bit of good news today. Girl who grounded a plane carrying a man being deported faces prosecution. 
 		Less than a day, by my reckoning! 
 		the only reply that matters "who cares" 
 		the only reply that matters "who cares" 
 			Ur obviously a lunatic.just muted u for a year 
 				"Without the freedom to offend, it ceases to exist."   What a fucking hypocrite faggot.  Just banned himself from the most bitchin' spot on the .   I love how 'artificial intelligence' learned to police itself. 
 Heard this today. Pretty funny.   Why are redneck murders so hard to solve? All the Dna is the same and there are no dental records. Jeff Foxworthy. 
 Heard this today. Pretty funny.   Why are redneck murders so hard to solve? All the Dna is the same and there are no dental records. Jeff Foxworthy. 
 .@Cnn's Don Lemon Doubles Down On Racist Criticism Of Kanye - Calls Wh Visit 'Minstrel Show' (Video)  via  
 	I still remember him on New Year's Eve whining about how he can't find a man. This faggot is hilarious.  
 Cunt 
 Confounding Footage Shows Weird 'Mystery Creature'    
 	probably some nigger car jacker.lol 
 Circus Freak has complications involving pee pee removal surgery. What a surprise!   
 		I walked into the Va a month ago and there were rainbow-draped tables with faggot material and about 10 (faggot/dyke) representatives. Both sides of the hallway, so, it was actually a gauntlet. Everyone walking by was being passively 'interviewed'.  I went Tf Off on them. Told them to get their faggot shit Tf out of our hospital. We're here for medical care, not faggot indoctrination. I told them to take their shit down to mental health where it belongs.  Guess who was escorted out by the Va Pd? 
 Child Sacrifice Aborted; Satanists Arrested; ,  Executives Implicated   (Aug/2014)           #Cia  
 	check your sources, this website beforeitsnews has articles about Reptillians and planet X etc. just look at their front page. Then most links reference other Bs articles on the same website. 
 		I clicked one link that claimed to link to their source material and was instead directed to a kelly bluebook ad. beforeitsnews is like the online version of weekly world news. I'm just surprised it doesn't print stories about batboy. These credulous retard Qcultists will believe literally anything. 
  
 			Carry on living in fear of rape allegations.  Gay men are picky, so you'd probably be the good time had by no-one. 
 			I don’t fear anything, and my ass is exit-only.  Plus, I’ve been married and faithful for almost 17 years - 19 if you include the two years we were engaged.  I don’t give a flying f*** about fairy gay faggots and what they do. 
 	That fucking cunt didn't give that shit up on her own. Trump breached her ass and took that shit! 
 O lobo se humilha ao se disfarçar de ovelha!   kkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
 	A intenção deles não é enganar o povo,mas sim armar uma situação na qual os institutos d pesquisas possam dizer q "o Retard está crescendo com esta tática",p assim,poder "ganhar" nas urnas d forma à não ficar tão descarado a fraude.   
 Leftists trying to take over Austria with protests against government       It's time for physical removal. 
 		Interesting. I would suggest always going for the most dangerous first, but this is consistent with physical removal. Leftists are a different species and need to live elsewhere. 
 		Always go after the money. Rampaging activists are disposable; bankers with access to billions aren't. 
 		I think that's the point of physical removal: get rid of the disposable and their masters. 
 		Will it make a difference if George Soros resides in Congo or Cambodia, as long as he has good food, air conditioning, a sat phone and an Internet cable? You can't get rid of the masters by removal - you must destroy their tools. And their primary tool is their money. Rico prosecution with asset freeze, that's what you need. 
 		I see these as two issues: (1) removing toxic people and bad genetics, and (2) changing laws to prevent international manipulation of your nation. Otherwise I agree. 
 		The place for toxic people is in prison, preferably with hard labor. The place for people with bad genetics is in their own countries but, if they happen to already be citizens, you're stuck with them. If they follow their genes, they'll join the toxic people; if they do not, they'll blend in and adapt. 
 		I cannot agree. It makes sense to remove all threats and ignore any laws which say otherwise, because those laws are obviously insane! 
 		First of all, "dura lex sed lex". If laws are insane, change them. The only way you get to void all laws is to descend into full anarchy and, as I wrote many times before, you may come to deeply regret that.  And second, without the financial might behind them, activists aren't even a threat. Where would Antifa be without Soros money? 
 		First of all, "dura lex sed lex". If laws are insane, change them. The only way you get to void all laws is to descend into full anarchy and, as I wrote many times before, you may come to deeply regret that.  And second, without the financial might behind them, activists aren't even a threat. Where would Antifa be without Soros money? 
         @2sense                    
 	right now you are accusing a person of a crime, slander, that has not committed, I don't know how I got on your fag list.but you can go fuck yourself  I said white ppl should not be cared for by blacks.I said Nothing about this company or the nigger in question.I stand by that 
  
 	Honestly. I hate them both. A Zionist shill and a faggot bugman 
  
 	The cunt would too; as sure as night follows day. 
 	The cunt would too; as sure as night follows day. 
 Breaking News !   The Blasey Witch Made It All Up !    
 		You seem like a tool for fools! 
 		That truth will rip you a new asshole  
 		That truth will rip you a new asshole  
 So they start w a big bank, then all of a sudden shitty nigger banks pop back up like Washington mutual, then they sell Detroit back to niggers w tax payer subsidies, run it into the ground, and it starts all over. Ever weakening the dollar. This is so maddening. 
 when it's corrupt western youth with imperialist propaganda, The Imperialists went full retard 
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		Here is your sand nigger savior  
 This I like.a whole lot. 
 	Redneck Dildo 
 	Redneck Dildo 
 Yeah.  Its funny that   You  got so triggered by something you saw on the internet that you've been crying like a little cunt about it for Weeks.   
 Nigger Kills 2 cops  
   
 	No, no, no. You need to put it off to November! That's the soonest you want to look like a complete pathetic fucking rube when absolutely nothing happens! 
 		You 
 			Shill is to the paranoid right as Russian bot is to the triggered left. 
 				An asshole either way right?  Fuckk off 
 					Cry some more, Q-tard. 
 Another story of how much of a cunt  is to its users and I'm still wondering when Jack Dorsey will ever get fired for such.     
 	I got banned for defending the second amendment. I had nearly 5,000 followers and never broke their Tos rules. It's outrageous that they did that to me. 
 	I got banned for defending the second amendment. I had nearly 5,000 followers and never broke their Tos rules. It's outrageous that they did that to me. 
 Imagine being this pathetic. 
 	good,,she looks retarded anyways,,,lol 
 Andrew Gillum calls for 'state of emergency' on Stand Your Ground law    
 	Lol! Gov Scott will laugh in his face. This Sand Nigger is going to lose anyway. DeSantis = Navy Veteran Gillum= Socialist Sand Nigger loser. Vote DeSantis/Nunez! 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Affirmative action teacher? Blm teacher? 
 		There's a word for both and that word is nigger  
 	The very nature of the religious figure as "exemplar" or "higher standard" has to be both rigid and flexible; it has to have room to grow, but the right lines along with which it has to grow from, much like how a vine aims high when clinging to a trellis. 
 	This is why for all of Catholicism's stupidity by its clergy, the faith itself is still intact. The exemplars (Jesus Christ and Mary, foremost) are in the perfect spot of rigid and flexible, easy to learn and difficult to master.  But if your religion's exemplar is a pedophile warlord, well. 
 	This is why for all of Catholicism's stupidity by its clergy, the faith itself is still intact. The exemplars (Jesus Christ and Mary, foremost) are in the perfect spot of rigid and flexible, easy to learn and difficult to master.  But if your religion's exemplar is a pedophile warlord, well. 
 fuck off you racist twat 
 	They think the public are stupid. DemoRats would have long busted out every window in that van. 
 		Word! 
 	Do Dna and prints on the stickers.I wonder whose finger prints and Dna are on those? 
 	Too obvious indeed. :) 
 	I say a bit over done, I little subtlety goes a long way. Just maybe just a red van with Maga/Nra sticker parked at a fire hydrant in front of a middle school in Florida?  
 		Their base isn't clever enough for subtleties.  
 	His family says he was crazy and lived in his van for years. That does not look like an old lived in van. Unless he is Felix Unger. 
 		He kept his house very clean!  
 	""Hilarious!   "" Brilliant! I'd GoFundMe for that! 
 Bs! The fundamental issue is nigger ineptitude !    
  punch 14 year old girl on the ground twice in ,     
 	Lets get the.police's version of events first 
 		Copsucker much? 
 				Another sad little copsucker aren't ya boy! 
 					copsucker? Wow! What a sweet intellect you have there. No one will ever accuse you of being a genius 
 							wow! You changed my mind! I don't know how I could have missed that intellectual prowess and literary ingenium! So tell me Jeffwey, how did you get those stretch marks around your mouth? Let me guess: your daddy! you know, if he paid you every time he fucked you, maybe you wouldn't be on welfare?  
  
 	No. Garbage. The Deep State put that House Nigger on the throne . ass hats. 
 	Exactly. the nigger is useless. It does not matter at all. The nigger sucks the very life out of our White culture. 
 	If there's one thing Gab has provided,it's the ability to see just how much racism really does still exist. Fyi ~ (Karma follows Hatred) 
 	If there's one thing Gab has provided,it's the ability to see just how much racism really does still exist. Fyi ~ (Karma follows Hatred) 
 faggot 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 		If you are on Twitter, please tweet/report  to Toronto Police. The more the merrier. Include a link to the video showing the assault. Use these hashtags.      
 			Motherfucker is toast already! Faggot got shitcanned from his job  
 Rt ChuckCallesto    Just Remember.  She will be Elected.  Don't want this nonsense. Vote.  Ocasio-Cortez Says Migrant Caravan Has Legal Right To Come To U.S.   
 	Stunned cunt 
 Gfy Hulu.   We’ll wear whatever the hell we want, you dystopian scolds:   (N.B.: I used a pic from someone’s account instead of making my own. So in the comments, I have posted a link to the still-active Url as of this writing, and GuardAmerican’s own screen grab of the tweet.) 
 	Let's all tell Hulu that making fun of Niggers, Mudslime JIhadis and Mexican pieces of shit is Ok.  Dress up as a Moozlum child rapist, a Nigger Gangsta with his white ho, or a Sombrero wearing, lazy drunken Mexifagifornian looking for a green card.  Great fun. 
 Progressivism is a hateful and violent ideology   But Kathy Griffin was just joking about beheading Trump, right? Isn't that what we're supposed to believe at least?        
 		It's not really about him alone It's about the deafening silence from our supposed 'Moral Icons' & 'Political Leaders' &  Msm If Candice Owens or Ann Coulter were to say something anywhere close to that, you know all those groups of ppl would lose their minds 
 		It's not really about him alone It's about the deafening silence from our supposed 'Moral Icons' & 'Political Leaders' &  Msm If Candice Owens or Ann Coulter were to say something anywhere close to that, you know all those groups of ppl would lose their minds 
 The Trigger Effect    
 	Scout Schultz was a "White, bisexual, intersex, and nonbinary" Antifa that used "they" and "them" pronouns 
 		"They" committed suicide a year ago at Georgia Tech. Watch the video    
 			Listening to that faggot scream is like music. 
 The absolute madman. 
 		He's back to neocon war hawking in the Me too.  Wants Saudi Arabia to destabilize.  For what?  No real reason.  Someone goes missing in Turkey, no proof, wild accusations, nobody's talking. 
 		He's back to neocon war hawking in the Me too.  Wants Saudi Arabia to destabilize.  For what?  No real reason.  Someone goes missing in Turkey, no proof, wild accusations, nobody's talking. 
 these ppl give retarded a whole new meaning. 
 Who can take this shit Seriously ? 
 	Rotflol sides hurting! 
 		Dumb Twat 
 	Every week I'm berated by some  for being "too anti-Christian", but what choice do I have?    routinely gloat about their purported success in destroying , even though they have not managed to do it. They hate 10,000+ years of indigenous   culture.   Am I supposed to support them, or stand idly by? Hell no! 
 		I do not see Christians gloating about killing pagans without some prior attacks levied on that Christian. Christians hate the Aztecs over their 10,000 years of human sacrifice and cannibalism. Is that wrong? 
 				I rarely see pagans attacking Christians with "critical thought". 99 times out of 100 pagans are attacking Christians using strawman antics that do little more than show the pagan has zero fucking clues about Christianity, or what Christians understand or believe. On the rare occasion that a pagan posts a legitimate critisism of Christians or their faith, Christians jump at the chance of defending their faith and do so with civility until the ad hominems and strawmanning commence. Then, righteous indignation prevails in the form of hostility and insults. 
 					"fucking" "with civility ". Are you american?   You work on your image a bit. I don't need to discuss about anything near the mind let alone spirit with you. 
 							Your a kid and not aware of your own language. The only christian I read here is a cryptomuslim. Or some other sandbox semite. Great to know what passes for christian over the pond? 
 											You are so easy to bait, but bit a meagre catch. So catholic boy, whats next? 
 Just a reminder 
 	This was Not Stevens. People actually need to verify their sources before posting. Come on, we’re better than this.  
 		Again ,your point is moot . A muzzie is a muzzie . Now again politely cause you use the term Jeeesh move on bitch . Bake some cookies . 
    Bit of Slipknot anyone?   Slipknot - Snuff    
 		you're a jew sucking faggot 
 Parents Outraged After Drag Queen Named "Jessica L'Whor" Speaks at Middle School For Career Day  via  
 	Libtards Think This Retard Is A Role Model.Lol 
 When the rolling snowball of insanity reaches full avalanche. 
 		Skin'ed O donut, happily waiting for her Fgm sans aneasthesia. 
 		Damn! She hasn't aged well, and now she's a Muslim? Lol Poor woman has definitely gone insane, wow!  
 		As she's too old to breed her worth in islam is less than a dead goat!  
 		As she's too old to breed her worth in islam is less than a dead goat!  
 The irony is these people isolate a child for having the ability to quickly perform an crappy maths of forms count, but dont fork out a harvard level physics sum no one could solve, Einstein was thrown from school deemed stupid and uneducate able retarded   my ass your looking for children who are uneducateable  
 Sexiest banana eating I've ever seen.  
 	nigger lover 
 	Shalalalalala.wtf.who are these ppl? 
 		She ran Hhs under Bill Clinton (1993-2001). She's a very attractive man. 
 			why is he wearing Hillary's pantsuit? 
 				The Chairman Mao collection is very popular with Dnc lesbians 
 					"The Chairman Mao collection is very popular with Dnc lesbians "  great.and the hijab is taking off with the "fuck me, I'm a feminist" crowd.(weird)  me, I prefer a pencil skirt. 
 								Amen. It's coming. 
 																			It should be ok to kill Leftist or Democrats at any time since they are all retarded anyway.  Whenever I see a Lefty I always think about the mother who made the Wrong Choice! 
 																			It should be ok to kill Leftist or Democrats at any time since they are all retarded anyway.  Whenever I see a Lefty I always think about the mother who made the Wrong Choice! 
 You people look retarded to everyone on here  even some of the Christians have to be shaking their heads at you.    You've (((decided))), a man can only be:    1. Jeebus worshipper  2. Satanist  3. Atheist   This is on the level of a Jesus-rode-a-dinosaur-theme-park stupid.    I Choose None Of Your Options. I'M Not Playing Your Game. 
 the natural order has been disrupted for 2 reasons:  1: is to tax women  2:destroy the natural order  by taking away the importance of the nuclear family values and replacing it with state funded "surrogate provider" you've effectively turned women into coalburning nigger factories   Feminism is primarily a Jewish invention to destroy western values  (hell they don't even deny it)   
 Whenever I see "pro-Israel" in someone's Gab profile, I cringe hardcore. 
 		Canada ought to be our friend. White Canadians are of good stock. 
 		Yeah I like our Canadian bros but most Canadians hate us.  Hell, most Americans hate us on this fringe against Israel. 
 		At least on Gab I can reply to them, unlike the cars I get behind with the 'I Stand with Israel' bumper sticker.  All I can do is pass them and hope they understand my  sticker 
 		Get an anti-Israel sticker. 
 		Get an anti-Israel sticker. 
  
 		maybe 4 if she completes Operation MuffDive successfully. 
 		maybe 4 if she completes Operation MuffDive successfully. 
 Sen. Cory Booker Admits Democrats Don't Care If Kavanaugh is Innocent   We all know that the Democrats are all about power. At times, they will run over anyone that gets in their way. This became abundantly clear Tuesday when Sen. Cory Booker opened his mouth and said exactly what we were all thinking. He claims that the Democrats don’t care if Kavanaugh is guilty or innocent. He just confirmed what we already know!   In a bizarre, very telling statement Tuesday, Senator Cory Booker (D-N.J.) appeared to state that it didn’t really matter to Democrats if Brett Kavanaugh were guilty or innocent. This statement sent shockwaves throughout the political community, as well as social media platforms.   If that is the case, then we need to stop the madness and confirm Brett Kavanaugh For Supreme Court Justice immediately.   Everytime Booker speaks, it is like a gold mine for us conservatives. He used language that frankly shocked Booker claimed in a statement. Booker went on to say in a statement to the media Tuesday that it didn’t matter whether Kavanaugh was guilty or innocent because he has shown himself to not be worthy of the sacred institution of the Supreme Court.   So, according to Booker, even if a man is accused of sexual assault, and he is innocent, he shouldn’t be upset. Keep in mind that these false allegations have ruined Kavanaugh’s life, and his families as well. Kavanaugh has spent the last 30 years making a good name for himself. His reputation is impeccable. That was until these false accusations came to the surface. The bullet hit its mark and did what it was intended to doto ruin a good man’s name.   However, Booker didn’t stop there. So my hope that beyond the vicious partisan rancor that is going on, Booker said, beyond the accusations, we don’t lose sight of what this moral moment is about in this country and ultimately ask ourselves the question is this the right person to sit on the highest court in the land for a lifetime appointment.   As you may recall, the Senate Judiciary Committee submitted the case to the Fbi for further investigation. However, this wasn’t good enough for the liberal mob.   They continue to move the goal post everytime we meet their demands. Don’t expect this to stop. They will continue to move the post until they get what they wantPOWER.   As Sen. Lindsey Graham said last week when he was talking to the Democrat Senators, all you want is power, and I pray to God you don’t get it!   Folks, if these bandits who call themselves Democrats obtain power, that will be the end of our nation. You can bank on that. That is why you need to get out and vote this November. Put An End To This Madness! 
 	Yeah! What Sheep-Dog said!   We American citizens need to band together and put these Democrats in the gutter where they belong! 
 			Uh huh Have gun will travel  
 			Agreed! Catch Them In Public Places And Don'T Stop With CHANTInG Them Out.Get In Their Faces ToUCHInG Noses And Dare Em To Defy The American People AGAIn.Next MEETInG TheY Go To The Er If TheY Do! 
 			Agreed! Catch Them In Public Places And Don'T Stop With CHANTInG Them Out.Get In Their Faces ToUCHInG Noses And Dare Em To Defy The American People AGAIn.Next MEETInG TheY Go To The Er If TheY Do! 
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					Those are mostly leftist pagans. You know, the Universalist types. 
 						Nigger - you kistards need to follow your own advice, before you obsess over heathens. Unseat one jew from power, kristfag.  
 Regardless of your politics, you should be outraged by the Potus standing before a crowd and mocking a woman who claims she was sexually assaulted.  sought applause and laughter at her expense. Call him what he is - a misogynist pig with no respect for women.   Michael Cia Hack Avenatti   .   Yawn.   Djt is up your deep state a**   U Feeling It Bro? 
 	Are you saying the retard lawyer wrote that? If so lol. That shit doesn't work on intelligent people. 
 Scumbag Mb Ellison   
 	Oh.so he can devote all his time to running for the Ag slot  Ellison is just a Muzzie  
 I think the Irony is lost on these. 
 	Here's Your sign.Full Retard 
 Libs going to teach lions to be vegans  
 	Liberal/feminist/vegan women the most batshit insane, delusional, and can't deal with reality people on the planet.   Lions are not snuggle toys they're called the Kings of The Jungle for a reason.   Look at how easy this male lion drags a grown man like a rag doll.         
 		Further proof that the Left ignores Nature unless it can be used to promote their retarded agenda. 
 I'm not fan of Farrakhan, he's just another Muzzie shitbag to me, but if he was White and Christian, they would have suspended him and a bunch of Jews would be on the news shouting "anti-Semitism" and "Nazi." 
 Retard 
 California: Pro-Choice activist proudly breaks world record by getting her 27th abortion  
 	Well, I'm certainly proud that our gene pool can move on without her  contribution. 
 		Show people who this fool chick is.    Makes the points easier to make . 
 				Why, it only makes a person wonder how much she gets paid for the body parts? 
 					they dont give the women any money- they charge between 50-300 bucks per abortion if thats what youre discussing 
 						Middleman markup? 
 				This is a fake news story.    
 				This is a fake news story.    
  
 	That sucks.  
 		I take it your taste is in your anus.Thats when another man's penis isn't there you philistine cunt 
 I've often heard that if other races adopted National Socialism then they would be much better off. I agree but I have concerns.Do they have the mental capacity to adopt such ideals? I don't mean to imply that they're retarded but they'd have to get the best&brightest.Needle in a haystack scenario.  
 I've often heard that if other races adopted National Socialism then they would be much better off. I agree but I have concerns.Do they have the mental capacity to adopt such ideals? I don't mean to imply that they're retarded but they'd have to get the best&brightest.Needle in a haystack scenario.  
 Christianity worships The Word made Man. Male, Masculine. A man (Homodeus) who was brutally tortured and then nailed to a cross, and did it to save everyone. There is nothing more masculine than this. I defy you to prove me wrong. Pagans worship a plethora of false gods, many of them FEMale 
 	Looks like female divinity worship to me. and to everyone else who watches.   Mary's title '' Queen of Heaven'' is taken from many Mother Goddesses before her. 
 		It’s not called Maryanity. It’s called Christianity. Nice try. Any more straws to clutch? 
 			Mary is revered, as the mother of Christ. Christ is worshipped as God. Get a clue, moron. 
 				Pope crowned Mary as Queen of Heaven recently in Chile.   Mary has been crowned Queen of Heaven on many depictions, icons and statues of her.   Just like Jesus, Mary allegedly 'ascended to heaven' without dying mortal's death, and is Queen thereof interceding on behalf of believers with her son.   That is what Catholics and Orthodox believe. Mary is your Goddess. 
 					She's the queen consort, not regnant. Jesus is the reigning king. Deplorable me is right. 
 						To be fair, when I first started posting in the Cq topic I was calling for unity too and was called a Jew, Christcuck and Pasta Nigger for my efforts. Yes, there are assholes in the Christian community here. There are also assholes in the Pagan community though, but a lot of the time they get a pass because "muh race is muh religion". 
 Guess whose fault it is that the Trump Justice Department is prosecuting Ram for going to pro-Trump rallies in California at Berkeley and Huntington Beach?    It's Matt Heimbach's fault! 
 		But hey!  The brain trust still loves "trigger the lefties".  As if they aren't triggered every fucking day, like a White man's alarm clock.  With fake friends like that, and legit but naive guys in jail, who needs enemies.  e-Celebs, doing the work faggot antifa can't do. 
 Being "sexually liberal" is just a push for an excuse to be a slut. Animals at least have the common sense to stick to their own species, while some humans go full blown retard and go to otherwise. 
 	I love Cuck Norris, seen all his vids 
 	I love Cuck Norris, seen all his vids 
 Americas 2020 election, who here is voting and who for amongst why? I'm just curious to see some political opinions  
 		Thanks for the input. I am a felon so I cant vote but I also am pro fascist that doesn't support our current system of government  
 		Thanks for the input. I am a felon so I cant vote but I also am pro fascist that doesn't support our current system of government  
 Shaking your fat nigger black monkey asses around is not dancing. 
 Cuckservative talking points:   - Dems are da real racists.   - I’m against illegal but not legal immigration.   - Race doesn’t matter. I see people as individuals.     
 	    Yes democrat are the racist ones fact.  Yes Illegal immigration what the word is, illegal.  Yes race doesn't matter.  Where you drunk or high when you wrote that. 
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 	I pull out my sword that's strapped to my back, and I preceded to cut someone in half. Clean cut, because it's a carbide blade.  Then I take his soul lol. 
 	When people start talking about "warrior codes".  It tells me they've never been in a fight, in their lives. ;) 
 	Honor should be reserved to duels and those who deserve it  Niggers on the other hand deserve only one thing lead.  
 This should do wonders for the box office. Are there any Americans in this movie about America’s greatest achievement who have anything good to say about.America?   
 	Cunt 
 A retarded bitch. 
  
 		nigger 
 Women’s March leader Sarsour launches racial attack against ‘white woman’ Susan Collins -  -  
 		Threatening a person to suppress their political view is a terrorist act! Where is the Fbi! 
 			Pretty much useless when it comes to investigating leftist terrorism, that's where. 
 			Pretty much useless when it comes to investigating leftist terrorism, that's where. 
 Under Sharia Law, we will all watch as our pet dogs are slaughtered.    
 	Speak for yourself  
 		I'll bet most Brits are not aware of this mudslime law that prohibits dogs. As a dog lover myself I want to bring it to the attention of muzzie lovers. May dog killers rot in hell. 
 Southampton student union leader wants to paint over ww1 mural  
 	dumb cunt 
 Look ya'll I'm going to be friggin "famous"! (Puts pinky to my lips). I'm sure it'll be quite the roast.let's hope there's no burnt toast! 
 	1. dark mode? nah? peasant   2. next time tag me faggot lol 
 	Stupid nigger can't see through her own hypocrisy. That's what happens when your Iq is on par with retardation. 
  
 		Fuck you Troth breaker. And I'm really assuming you're white when I use that insult. You're probably a Wiccatru faggot or some halfbreed. 
 I'm sick and tired of democrats. I'm sick of them ramming their sick doctrine down my throat. I'm sick of their constant whining and crying. I'm sick of their greed, hate, violence, racism, and bigotry.  
 	let's kill em!   Lol 
 		those lazy bastards wouldn't lift a finger even in forced labor.they'd garb some poor wetback and order him to do the work.lol 
 And u low Iq chimps can't think of a sane & valid reason to explain your inferiority, so you try to spread this lie. Once you moronic niggers look up and realize it's only the White whores that will associate with you, you can know why we Alphas laugh at u chimps. Decent White women want our civility, superiority, and the extra 50 Iq points we have. Fuck off, nigger 
 Thugs of the past: Remember Leiba Feldbin aka A.Orlov (1895-1973) who was a bolshevik Nkvd resident in Spain during civil war, killing all sorts of opponents, mostly anarchists.  Now imagine to be that retarded enough to name yourself Anarcho-Communist, like @-Gab, sniffing behind others 
  
 		Yes, Nazis are the real Lgbtqp. Gtfo, you faggot  
 Trump moves tonight's  Monday's Ted Cruz rally from the 8000 capacity Nrg Arena to the 19,000 person capacity Toyota Center 
 	I just read that since the 70s, Houston has gone from about 5% Hispanic to about 50% Hispanic.  You are systematically being replaced. 
 		Retard muted  
 Classic: 2 Birds with 1 Stone - Maxine Waters proves herself She Is   Low Iq and SOCIALIsT               @1776Ninja         
 	 I need no more convincing! 
 		oh shites I forgot about that. foreign spies like Feinstein's Chinaman driver. 
 		oh shites I forgot about that. foreign spies like Feinstein's Chinaman driver. 
 Now if we're gonna say propaganda colors the way society views us as men, then the same must hold true in reverse. There actuality are legitimate gripes buried within the mountains of the sexism which persists within feminism. Same with our homosexual Mgtow friends.    I mean Mgtow? These words taken literally defines being gay to me. 
 	edgy stuff, mate 
 			>posting shit online  >telling people who respond that you don't care   Your way is called sociopathy. 
 				I never posted anywhere online that expected anyone to agree with me. It's not my fault you pussies can't string together an argument, or insult, or wtf ever that was supposed to be that's actually based on reality.  > Just let me put words in your mouth, try to make you defend them, then call you crazy if you decline.   
 				You're a bigger feminist than anyone on the left. 
 					harsh but fair 
 					harsh but fair 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Damn, that dance with the Nigger and the White blonde ended with the blonde bent over backwards, as if 'submitting' to the Nigger. This shit should be protested in the extreme. 'That's right White bitch, bend over backwards so I can rape your bitch ass!' is the message one would see in that. 
 Taylor Swift to write a song about how the sane part of America just broke up with her for being a DEMented Lunicorn, eh?    
 	Fucking cunt . I used to admire her. Fuck swift ! 
 		No jews the taken over jewdis goat like soro the evil cunt Rothschild family s and rest of the royal family and commie and Nazi infections of death  
 Why is it, Marks and Spencer's are selling political medieval garments on their website? I’m lost for words  
 		It must feel awful being ridiculed while wearing that suffocating garment.  
 		It must feel awful being ridiculed while wearing that suffocating garment.  
 Question:   How can Cnn's Don Lemmon hate White people?   Don Lemmon's boyfriend is White.   Does Don Lemmon hate the White man he is 'banging'? 
 	Die Nigger Die!    I mean all of them. 
 His name was Brandon Arndt. He helped his black elderly neighbor only to be killed for his good deeds. Perhaps no one ever gave him this sage advice, avoid the groid.    
 		They kill their own kind too and that just might be a good thing because those are the worst of their race. We can rid ourselves of that bad seed through attrition. 
 Im gonna flush and fill the coolant in the Camry this weekend.    Also gonna use a turkey baster to remove as much Power Steering fluid out of the overflow tank and refill with fresh fluid, once a week over the next few weekends.   Ordering rotors and pads for the front disc brakes, for next weekend.   Just ordered new aftermarket headlight assemblies, as well. 
 	You drive a camry too? Mine needs a new headlight as well. I'm not going to bother replacing the whole assembly.  
 		I don't have any hubcaps.  I did get some gold chrome slugs, but some nigger scrapped the chrome off thinking it was real gold. 
 When does that little faggot turn 18? 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	Schumer is a retard 
 Welcome to Gab! You're better off leaving Twitter because Jack is a fairy gay faggot and supports pedophiles being on the platform. 
 Rt :    I know this is a crazy poll, but just bear with me here.  Do you think its possible for Democrats to orchestrate a false flag   in order to appear as the victims & garner public support in a psychological operation intended to manipulate an upcoming election? 
 	Probably wasn't the cunt herself but it was more then likely a one of her   followers.  Whenever anything occurs one needs to ask themselves: who benefits?   
 	Soros scum 
 	Finbarr, Caleb, or Kai ? 
 		He must be another one. I didn't spot him on the long 842 list. 
 	Another loser with no purpose in his pathetic life!   
 		 
 	 
 		 
 	Here's another one that got arrested. She's deleted her Fb. 
 	Looks like she protested at Standing Rock 
 they aren't even going to own up to the fact that they produce hateful content? is it really going to be everyone else but them and they're just victims? wow, this whole victimhood status really just makes people retarded doesn't it. 
 This faggot sympathizes with nazis and calls other people "disgusting".  Whatever motherfucker, it feels good to be loathed by the loathsome. 
 3rd episode of Goblin Slayer out   More parallels to goblins in the real world. Goblins come to the 1st world out of envy.   If you think (((lizardmen))) wanting to get rid of goblins doesn't fit, remember how they treat goblins in Israel         
 	I'm going to watch all 3 of these, been hearing great stuff about it  
 		The detail in the city scenes is pretty impressive for those who know a little about mid evil architecture or at least more about engineering than the wetback vag Champion Of Change who built the 5day old collapsed bridge   Actually wouldn't that make the WetbackVAg engineer a Chaos KNIGHTette     
 		The detail in the city scenes is pretty impressive for those who know a little about mid evil architecture or at least more about engineering than the wetback vag Champion Of Change who built the 5day old collapsed bridge   Actually wouldn't that make the WetbackVAg engineer a Chaos KNIGHTette     
 	Funny how the retarded Moore can't seem to see the difference between Europe and Eu, the Uk is trying to leave a bullshit political union and not trying to leave the continental landmass known as Europe. Maybe Moore became so fat, he absorbed his ears and lost proper hearing, who knows what's going on with that future champion of Nurgle. 
 		I agree on this point. I think we should use the word Nigger in some other context to avoid making it personal. Like calling ourselves White NiggerS and demanding our own ethnostate. 
 			She's a 'Liz Claiborne' model. 
 					You misunderstand. He has no blonde girlfriend, and this one is not she. That is an image of a model he pulled from the internet. A Liz Claiborne model. A handbag company. 
 						Ahhhh ok, damn fell for the bait!  honestly, nothing triggers me like race traitor Crothots. 
 												La is the epicenter of it all. Everytime i see Irl jewish brainwashing. Its beyond disdain these days. I go out of my way to shame coalburners and jew puppets. 
 I don't care if some kid is mixed race or not.  I only care if their retarded parents can support them without requiring tax dollars. 
 Engage Support Limited.       The Uk "care" company who pimped out a retarded white woman to the Muslim community with the backing of Manchester Courts. 
 Truth, Rebecca! Gab is great because if people are offended, they have the right to mute, unfollow and remove user from following. Whereas twat bird and/or pedobook choose those with whom you must associate through their clever little algorithms and filters.  
 	And thus the division in our country continues. 
 		Time for all of Us to commit to being American, first and always. All the twat bird, pedobook and gulag actions are election tampering, and I do not believe this situation will be permitted to continue. Just a feeling. 
 This is getting more and more bizarre now. "Alien Dna". Fan of the X Files? We have some Neanderthal Dna if that's what you mean? What your parents had to create you is between you and them son. Can't help you there. Live long and prosper :) 
 	I think this is his mother 
 		if you can't say it to be cunt dont post behind my back  
 Farid Bang, Capo, 6IX9INE, Sch "International Gangstas" (Wshh Exclusive - Official Music Video)    
 		You suck nigger dicks. 
 Bbc cunt on Chinese in prison Muslim don't for get they kill Christian s and other religions to for there body parts not just locking up Muslim with out trials some what you did with Tommy Robinson case with look him up for telling the truth with out a trail about you funded by us to but how money in to the greedy globalist 
  
 	well. there is such a thing Called Karma, And In Time And I Pray Soon It Catches Up WItH This CRIMInALD And Treasonous Marxist Cunt And All Who Helped Her.  
     I am proud to be a country boy. I heard Foxworthy say " You Might be a redneck if you cut your grass and find a Volkswagen" lol   You Might be a redneck if. 
 	lolololol 
 	lolololol 
 You sure have 'nigger' on the brain. . . too much nigger in your ass, and it's overflowing? 
 	 - very good advice! 
 	I couldn't highlight the most important part, about deploying to OpNPC,  because I don't have a pro account :( 
 	I couldn't highlight the most important part, about deploying to OpNPC,  because I don't have a pro account :( 
 Every Day,  i discover more corruption in the Church(sex abuse, heresy,,money fraud,.).Pope Francis reign loke more like a gay mafia mob than the Church of Christ . I can't accept this.So i won't give any annual money to my Church informing them why ,i will continu to call out this corrption , i will pray and will join march againt these people. 
 	The Church in Rome is a giant walled dome of whatever.  If a sinkhole swallowed it right now none of us would give a single F.  
 		one of the stupidest answer i have found on Gab.Are you a catholic? 
 			Sure am Faggot and the weirdos in Rome affect you How?   I would loot and disband that hellhole in 5 seconds, it's been corrupt for a while there, Walter Cronkite.     
 University of Utah student killed outside dorm identified, gunman found dead   
 	Why any white woman would chose to fuck a nigger is beyond me! As they say.You reap what you sow! Ever notice when you watch The First 48, all the criminals are niggers? Why is that? That's a rhetorical question! 
 Another nigger president is unacceptable. Half niggers, too. (((One of them))) running as a Repub, or anything else, same. Those folks you see in this graphic? They couldn't beat Trump. Not those niggers and kikes and kike-lovers. 
 They’re trying to use this shooting to cover up one of the largest financiers of Leftist activists, protestors, and policies.   Talk about using a tragedy for political gain. 
 	Idiots, How dare they make this suggestion. How can this criminal cunt protect himself this much? 
  
 	I'm sure this faggot knows the answer to the question How Many Dicks Fit In Your Ass At The Same Time  
 Just a nigger , niggering. 
 It's now illegal to be a member of a hard right group in Britain - no crime is required to be punished and it's also illegal to name baby boys "Adolf" - even as a middle name.  But, only if you're white.     
 	They want to force the Revolution in Gb ?  required to be punished and it's also illegal to name baby boys "Adolf" - even as a middle name.    Black Adolf is allowed in Gb ? 
 			Of course ."" would be beautiful . in Gb 
 		same sand nigger demon  
 	That is CalPoly culture.   
 	That is CalPoly culture.   
 Symbols of the Minoan Goddess Religion           #14Words 
 	Thoses are nigger noses 
   "Explosive devices sent to Hillary Clinton, Obama, George Soros, and Cnn"  Ruh Roh!  Someone's pissed at all the Bolsheviks.I wonder who.              
 	The timing is impeccable. I do not think anyone believes any of though. Retarded people are even like "Man, that's retarded" 
 		Nah man this is deep state bullshit and no one will get caught 
 		Oh I know that. What I meant was anyone with half a brain can see it and isn't believing a word of it. The goyim know. 
 			 
 				Holy smoke, that looks like a high powered assault pipe bomb. 
 					Fully automatic  
 					lethal Wmd 
 				 
 				you see the isis flag on it? this is brennans operation. its a coup! we need to detain and execute sentence on him in the fucking street, everybody watch out for one another till the election. they are trying to shape a narative favorable to the dem party. 
 				best  parody 
 				you forgot "show bobs n vagene or pipe bom expold!" 
 				you forgot "show bobs n vagene or pipe bom expold!" 
 This isn't a movie cunt  
 Interesting back story to this: James Allsup previously had warned friends and family of this girl about the risks of dating blacks.  
 		Niggerloving cunts are roadkill 
 They also love working dangerous jobs to support their families, which I guess is boring, but what do I know, I'm just a faggot tired of a very specific subset of women who think having been raped is the most important factor about them. Not most women, not most rape victims, but you're welcomed to take offense. 
 She's worse than that.  Not only is she a porn star and a prostitute, she is a porn producer. She cons chicks into taking nigger dick in the ass, while high on coke, for all the world to see. She isn't happy destroying her own life. She wants to help fuck up other's lives as well. 
 somebody shoot this nigger. that puppy was worth more than this nigger ever will be. dead or alive. 
 	They are the ultimate fodder for the Islamic slaughterhouse.  They think they are safe behind their walls & guards but they are wrong. 
 	They are the ultimate fodder for the Islamic slaughterhouse.  They think they are safe behind their walls & guards but they are wrong. 
 Here is an interesting clip from one of my absolute favorite shows:   The Dick Van Dyke Show.   It was (and still is) shown in black and white, but apparently, they did a color test with one of the most iconic episodes of the show:   
 	 Laura Petry still good for a teenage woodie! 
 		Omg! 
 		Showing our age. 
 		Yikes! 
 		And old enough not to care. 
 		That’s where Cadillac got their bullet bumpers! 
 		That’s where Cadillac got their bullet bumpers! 
 They are human, the most intelligent species on Earth.  They are the answer to their own problem.  It's not how others see them, it's how they see themselves that truly matters. 
 		not really. that matters to you. it doesn't to them. matters. you use that word but i don't think it means what you think it means. it's like when you meet someone who doesn't know the difference between opinion and fact. 
 			Starving to death is not a matter of opinion. People who are too dumb to earn a living exist on charity. Pretending that they don't is foolish, especially when you claim it's all just  a matter of opinion. Because it isn't. 
 				i fall on my sword. i beg for forgiveness. i misread your original post. i offer 25 karma points as retribution and i hang my head and ahhhh. feel shame. i retract original and supply the offering. 
 				Consider that most people evolved where it was fairly easy and amusing to get food. Even farming, people like it and will do it for fun. Not all people are evolved to work a miserable job to feed themselves.  
 					People hunt and fish for fun.  
 						Those who did not enjoy it did it poorly & likely were left to starve. 
 							Their relatives probably helped them, same as now.  
 							Their relatives probably helped them, same as now.  
  
 	It's such a shame it's optional to teach children cursive now, I had learn it again because they forced us to stop using it right after teaching it to us.  Also, any car with a manual stick is a nigger repellant.  
 Yeah I get a little cranky when "conservatives" refuse to lift a finger to combat political violence against people who post controversial statements to the internet but will assemble the troops cuz some poor nigger got his hat swatted off by some "privileged white guy." Wictor's the one who sounds like antifa, retard. 
 The leftists are crying while we’re building.    From FundTheWall.com   As you have probably noticed we are crowdfunding a border wall and we have just passed the $90k threshold according to the counter on the site. In actuality we passed $100k a while ago based on donations that came on through channels other than online. We are well on our way. 
 		We haven’t been on Tv for days and days?  I don’t think the lefty open borders people are donating? We’re not into crying and mobbing people?  We’re a non-profit? And our donations are deductible?  I share your frustration at the insanity.  
 		We haven’t been on Tv for days and days?  I don’t think the lefty open borders people are donating? We’re not into crying and mobbing people?  We’re a non-profit? And our donations are deductible?  I share your frustration at the insanity.  
 google voice is such a cunt nowadays 
 You're a retarded Christian, so I already know this about you, but you have no idea what you're talking about.   How do you think these things get started? Is starting a revolutionary army like starting a band? Do you advertise in Craigslist?   It starts like rain. Drop.Drop.Drop, drop.Deluge.  
 In 1971, Muslims murdered 2.4+ million Hindus and raped 400,000+ Hindu women. In just one year.    
 		the muslims were however the nigger invaders 
  
 	ugly cunt 
      your faggot buddy you follow called me a slut for bringing up how they changed the feed for ppl with Nsfw in it.   You have shit taste in retard level friends. 
 On the left is 6 year old Dennis.   The Swedish authorities decided to Deport him back to Ukraine after his mother died and put him in foster care.  To the left are three Somalian men who were convicted of Gangraping a 13 year old girl.  They got 8 months "youth detention" 
 	We have the True Marxist system in Sweden done by the vile filthy Racist Jew Pigs, the human sewage of the World!  Send these Retarded Somalis to IsraHELL where they can help with much needed Multiculturalism for the Jews!  Obviously we will be hated for this, but it is the least we can do to improve the genetics of the feral beast Jew! 
 this cunt came in here and has been shit posting everywhere, they recon its just one guy though  
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	This clearly explains why our children are No Longer receiving  proper education in public school systems.what with retarded assholes with IQs around 35 teaching !  Pray For The Next Generation People  TheY Are Soooooo Screwed ! 
  
 	And ever day he been fucking children and his evil cunt wife bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton  
 Of Course 
 	who? 
 		oh.a cunt 
 Watch: Somali refugee explains why they believe rape of women in the West is not a crime    
 	I am not even a fan of the Beetlejuice nigger but this whole thing pisses on the grave of a true dindu nuffins by suggesting he was a 'Somali' criminal and not just some handicapped American smoke who did cartwheels for Howard Stern Clickbait like this makes the right wing look like retards 
 Don Lemon screams Fuck White People every chance he gets. Does this include his boyfriend Ben Tinker? Asking for all normal people 
 	faggot news union of New York 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	you are a useless cunt 
 So progressive. 
 	Well, that is some fairy gay faggot shit. :/ 
 Too bad they got caught and yes I mean that. I have no pity for Muslims that are here to destroy our civilization 
 	Govt never seems to stop a muzzie attack before it happens.  Gee, I wonder why that is. 
 		Apparently, you haven't heard about the (Musslime) family of 19 who planned to blow up the Parliament building in Ottawa, Ontario a few years ago. They wanted to kill the Prime Minister of Canada! They bought a truckload of fertilizer, which is fine, since they "may" have had a large farm, but it's when they also bought a truckload of pipes with end caps, is when the red flags went up and the authorities nailed them to the wall. Three underage kids were sent to live with relatives, while the rest of the tribe are cooling their sandals in a Federal prison!   So, Government does seem to stop a Muzzie attack before it happens.  :)   
 		Apparently, you haven't heard about the (Musslime) family of 19 who planned to blow up the Parliament building in Ottawa, Ontario a few years ago. They wanted to kill the Prime Minister of Canada! They bought a truckload of fertilizer, which is fine, since they "may" have had a large farm, but it's when they also bought a truckload of pipes with end caps, is when the red flags went up and the authorities nailed them to the wall. Three underage kids were sent to live with relatives, while the rest of the tribe are cooling their sandals in a Federal prison!   So, Government does seem to stop a Muzzie attack before it happens.  :)   
 		Sorry to hear that. The co-workers were some of the best people I ever knew, dealing with the "patients" however will turn you into a homicidal maniac. 
 			You will never convince a wetback who uses ambulances as free taxies from one part of a city to another that he is not smarter than gringos who would never do that.   Fresno had 2 sh1tskins take over 1300 free ambulance rides in one year, that's over 2 trips per day. 
 there is no pavement and all the roofs are sheet metal yet all the african niggers have american nigger clothes 
 		>When you hurt a nancy boy's feelings so bad, he strokes out and starts repeating himself like a spastic autismo that he is.  
 Looks like a dead heat so far between Reverend and the Makers (I know, me neither) and Major Farley (the Rupert who has no idea of the shit-storm he's whipped up) for "Uk Internet Twat of the Week." Still it's only Monday. I'm sure some cunt of a politician will roar past them both soon. 
 I’d be in favor of opening an investigation into the allegations, absolutely, - Feinstein   
 	cunt 
 		Fraudulent muslim Nigger  
 		Fraudulent muslim Nigger  
 		Aww you have to go back to spamming because you cant use words like a big boy. Lol 
 			Maybe you need to check your notifications, faggot ;) 
 I hate to be a cunt but I think the Ufc is cruelty to animals. Someone should call Peta to stop these savage attacks of inevitable permanent brain damage. 
 Media shocked by someone promoting violence for political purposes. 
 	Really, the Uk has just released a homicidal, terrorist loving islamically-impaired retard who does just that! The media ia more annoyed about some Royal wearing a dress with a tag on it than the lunacy of releasing a self confessed terrorist! 
 Still doesn't change the fact you're a whining weeb who will probably shoot up a school tomorrow because some fat hillbilly put you in your place.   Go to Deviantart with your bullshit.  
 just realized you are British I apoloigise, you are retarded  
 Many black americans ( too much white blood to be regular africans) are smart, awake and aware of the Jewish question. they just don't like to voice it much, and are cautious who they speak freely with. There are nigger trash ppl in all hues. Some whites make me feel shame. Some POCs I get along with well. It's about reasoning, and critical thinking. 
 Elton John - We All Fall In Love Sometimes Parte 1    
 		Quem você ? Não tem problema eu não examino as pessoas pelo comportamento, não pela preferência sexual , Elton John, Fred Mercury entre outros são grandes cantores e compositores , isso que me interessa, e não o que eles fazem com seus corpos .Ah sim sou hétero , mas não homofóbico  lol 
 		Faggots.  
 I see that most people here hate George Soros.  I do not agree with his ideology but, after having done extensive research, I cannot find a shred of evidence that he is a Nazi terrorist.     Change my mind. 
 	He admitted he worked with Nazis to save his own skin. Regaledwsss he’s a worthless cunt who should be gassed  
 		He was 14 when the germans occupied Hungary. They made all of the children hand out eviction notices. Learn something.  
 		He was 14 when the germans occupied Hungary. They made all of the children hand out eviction notices. Learn something.  
 	We Wuz Oil Ty-Coons 
 Hello everyone. I just joined Gab tonight. Herr Zuckerbergs Gestapo just put me on another 30 day ban for using facts backed up with links and logic on a liberal and made them cry.again. Lmao. Funny how he never bans them for the vile names and personal attacks and threats them make against me when they lose the arguement. 
 	No lefties is remotely liberal as they are all Hateful Bigots!  They do not actually comprehend Facts so this will seem to the lefty Retards as hate speech.  Orwell said "Truth is Hate to those who Hate the Truth." That mean to Retarded lefties your truth will appear as Hate!  Lefties are completely devoid of intelligence!  They function off pure emotional blither.  This is a Fact! 
 Official School Records Support Claims That Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-Mn) Married Her Brother    
 	Those will be some ugly retarded babies 
 Ppuppy walked. gym attended. fight won. shower. fish an chippies.now puppy to the Giraffe and off to the Pub for me for a night of serving drinks, laughing, gettin paid and drinking. i love Fridays! 
 		 
 		 
 	Oh Hell yeah! I like this guy! 
 	Oh Hell yeah! I like this guy! 
 	No woman can be made a mason. 
 		On the right of the picture. No woman can be a Duke either. 
 		Strange days indeed 
 		He's in his 90's 
 		No Need, The Men Wear The Aprons In The Masons. Although I Understand They Do Allow Women In These Days (In Theory I Guess) 
 		You know nothing of Masonry 
 		Not where I come from 
 	Good grief! That's embarrassing.   
 	Time For The Republic Of Great Britain. 
 Twitter stock down to almost $28 a share. Twitter is slowly bleeding to death. 
 	   Take that Jack,  you Marxist mother fukr  
 		It should be a penny stock.  Jack, with the pierced nose, is an affront to the Constitution and free speech. 
 			And a cunt to boot! 
 			And a cunt to boot! 
 A wise man once said "burn the coal, pay the toll."    
 	Stories of nigger brutality against Americans are often.Im sickened at the lack of pure hatred,and lack of punnishment the negro deserves. 
 People should leave a comment on Vox’s blog to:   (1) Defend Gab   and   (2) Tell Vox to get back on Gab.    
 		how dare you: Vd isn’t a papist.  the rest checks out.  
 			Read him a bit.  He still doesn't want to admit it yet, but it is the only destination on the road he has chosen to walk.  
 			Read him a bit.  He still doesn't want to admit it yet, but it is the only destination on the road he has chosen to walk.  
 	 
 	 
 	   Now she's sorry. Lmao. I still hate you, bitch! 
 		Midler is a nigger loving jew. 
 Who the hell is this "we" the retard holding the sign is referring to? 
 The Npc memes are too potent for Twitter, they've started mass banning accounts for mocking their programmers. 
 	Bc a few SJWs figured it out & tweeting Antifa followers to block + report us. Had to provide screenshots showing we all look the same & have names formatted Npc[number]. B4 that they were following & RTing us. Not retarded at all!  Pity. Awesome community of trolls w lots of instant co-troll followers, likes & RTs til the purge. We could've achieved great things 
  
 	3 possibly 4 kikes and they're only 3% of the Us population. Man! their rape stats are like reading the nigger crime stats: so small a percent of the pop yet commit 80% of the rapes.  
 Imagine being this cucked.   
 	What has happened is no less than complete castration of men who don't understand eating Gmo food laced with estrogen mimickers and the influence of faggot (((Jews))) and dumb ass cunts who we for some dumb reason gave the right to vote, is pure poisoning of the mind and body. Faggotry Must Stop!  
 	Uh no. The massive majority of the 3%-ers were Christian.  The DoI and the Constitution were signed in "the year of our Lord" and dated in the Christian year, Ad. The DoI mentions the "Creator" and says that the Creator gave us our rights. The House, Senate, and Scotus begin in prayer to Christ, and our "mal in se" laws are based on God's law as found in the Ot. Most of the original 13 colonies and many states added later had bars against atheists taking public office. Texas, for example, has a Constitutional requirement to believe in a God. The President ends speeches, "God bless the United States (or America)" I could go on and on with the proof that this nation was founded a Christian nation. 
 		What unmitigated bullshit.   Deism was an anti-Christian movement. 'The Creator' is the deist prime mover.   Deists were to a man skeptics of the Bible. 
 			There is absolutely no way the "Creator" was a deist. Ffs! It is mentioned in a document signed "In the year of our Lord" referring  specifically to Christ's birth.    And you competely ignored everything that went along with it. Prayers to Christ, bars against atheism, 3%-ers massive majority Christian, common law, etc. 
 					The Constitution, written a decade after the DoI, makes 1 reference to the church and states that Congress shall make no law with respect to the Establishment of religion., meaning Congress cannot make laws that affect the church or the religious practise of the people. It is why churches could not be forced to pay taxes.  And you ignored everything else that accompanied that statement. 
 					In the "Age of Reason Part 3 Tom Paine comes out and says that Jesus may have been a myth. So much for America is a "Christian Nation". Read Paine he despises Christianity.     
 						The Christian response is to downplay Paine's role.   Not so easy with Washington, Jefferson and Ethan Allen. The first is not a slam dunk, as an ambitious man he hid his deist power level, but the other two were 100% not Christians and key figures in the founding. 
 							Apparently Paine and Jefferson were close friends all the way to the end.     
 							right you are  
 	Time to defund most of the NGOs operating in the Usa. 
 	Matthew will want the European American working class to pay for feeding, clothing and educating every refugee child who comes to the United States.   
 		- we're being force to pay for our own demise. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 Kavanaugh hires team of 4 women as his law clerks, first Supreme Court justice to do so    
 	Dumb ass! At lest 1 will accuse him of something. 
 		Hell a man could accuse him of something too.#DumbAss  
 			You're delusional, look at the amount of money Dr lying cunt Ford made. You think 1 out of these 4 bitches won't take a chance to get even a quarter of that amount?    "What I have continually sought, I have not found; I have found only one upright man among a thousand, but I have not found one upright woman among all of them." Solomon 
 Whilst I have nothing but contempt for those vile anti-semites/Nazis that inhabit the darker spaces here on Gab, I am disgusted at the way in which the lgacy media and big tech (hello Paypal) are using the murderous attack on a Synagogue to seek to destroy Gab. It wasn't Gab that planned and carried out the attack. Contempible opportunism from those out to strangle free speech. 
 	oy vey! virtue adequately signaled!   what a faggot 
  
 	Fucking Commie Cunt  
 White men, resist the nigger racism, resist to the death, protect our women 
 I Thought So Because No Real PERSoN Can Be So Retarded 
 One less nigger in the world, one more nigger in jail, I call it a win. 
 Sick fucker! 
 	Ugly Fuckn Twat 
 Breaking: Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker -- With Lawyer's Response to Gateway Pundit  via  
 	This octaroon nigger gets more diversity privilege than Ellison & Obama.  I found the gay accuser. Here he is.  
 	The violence is real been verbally accosted 3 times.  
 		It just amazes me. The social justice mentallity by calling people names like racist or whatever to justify their actions. Those people are retarded and ill informed.  
 Thanks Comedian!     
 	Lil faggot 
 Why are the left so full of anger and hate ? 
 	However I'm inclined to think a Trump win was the best for both sides because if those rapefugees would have acted here the way they act in Paris and Germany, I'm positive that the American people would have stood up and started killing these rapefugees and cunt hiLIARy supporters in the street. Something that I would have participated in.  
  
 		 
 		not gay sorry ,,, softcock !  
 Is anybody in Idaho still doing business with the coward?   The Great White Hunter who feels the need to show the world how big his balls are by killing defenseless wild animals like Giraffes might have resigned as game warden, but he has other businesses. Are you boycotting them?     Now that takes some real skill to hit a huge lumbering target like a Giraffe! 
 		Different screen name - but same asshole! 
 		Different screen name - but same asshole! 
 	 Twins.     
 		Are we sure that’s not just Strzok in drag? 
 		What is that thing? I think its her chin.nope nope nope.I think it might be her neck.nope.its a neckchin. 
 		 
 	Dammit please warn before smattering such a vile image in high resolution across my screen Ugh! 
 	She/it looks a lot like some old guy wearing a wig, something is not right with this one. 
 	She/it looks a lot like some old guy wearing a wig, something is not right with this one. 
 lolicon is not pedophilia, you retard 
 Paul Joseph Watson: Meet Jordan Hunt. Hairdresser. Male feminist. Champion of women's rights. World's best respecter of wahmen.    
 	In other words a fucking faggot 
 I guarantee if someone made death threats to Torba or something he likes, he would be so angry, might even sue. But because he doesn't like us, he won't even take the threats down when they get reported by multiple people. 
 		ok 
 			Pedophile 
 			Defamation.  
 			I’ll fucking defame your god damn face you spineless pussy 
 			I’ll fucking defame your god damn face you spineless pussy 
 How can she even begin to make that argument? She can't - that's retarded 
 Racists.       "I have a son, he's a beautiful boy," Drake told Lebron James before getting up to show him a photo of Adonis on his phone. "Crazy Blue Eyes, Bro," James responded. "Crazy Blue Eyes, Baby Blue Eyes," Drake agreed." 
 	Notice Drake and LeBron in awe of the baby's blue eyes. That is the very definition of racism, since Niggers cannot have blue eyes. The fact both are pleased that Drake's son has blue eyes displays their hatred for their own race, and are therefore glad the ugly dark Nigger eyes have been removed from the child. 
 Obozo's Legacy! 
 	A Military Tribunal awaits that fucking bastard. followed by a short rope & a long drop 
 		Obozo was Never military, so a civil tribunal would be more suitable. Never could figure out why that Muzzie scum bag was Commander in Chief, since he never served in any military!   
 Un-Controlled Migrant Horde   OVERRUn Mexican Border   Army of migrants smash through Mexican border fences 
 	Kill Or Be KillED! 1000 Feral Niggers has the same destructive impact as a 50 megaton Nuke! It is actually worse when we feed them! Radioactivity is not Shit compared to a Nigger Nuke! 
 	Nrcc hates being control, they want to be 2nd, way more donations to skim off of.  
 	Nrcc hates being control, they want to be 2nd, way more donations to skim off of.  
 So, apparently, you're not allowed to call people retarded on Twitter. 
 So, apparently, you're not allowed to call people retarded on Twitter. 
 Susan Rice's son allegedly assaulted at pro-Kavanaugh rally    
 	Act like a cunt, get smacked like a cunt - Ye Oldey saying from the Uk 
 	Good Find.  Please Watch and rethink your Nigger outreach stance. Jews and their colored mercenaries will never leave us alone. 
 ‘nuff said 
 	Lol, I like how the elderly are always represented as a photo of an old veteran with medals and then it's like "Either this guy is guilty Or immigrants are, but not both!  Now you choose!"  It's like a game of retard logic. 
 	Who are you dick head? some other cunt face or Sean's lover  
 What do you think he's referring to when he says "Ideology does"?   The feking Salvation Army, idiot? Islam! 
 	Ben Shapiro is not a conservative but is bought and paid for by the elites.can't stand this liar I remember well how he went after president Trump and he is still a never Trumper no matter what he now says. 
 		Yeah Joyce. I know he isn't a Trump fan. He isn't a Clinton fan either. But I look at all his ideas not just that. He is spot on with most, can't help being a twat over Trump lol 
 Retarded pleb, haven't you figured out already that if satanism is responsible for all the shit in the world, there's a good side about the story aswell ? Every Yang needs a Yin, you fuckin' inbred. And btw, Hitler was a whore of the Zionists 
  
 	Literally the most retarded shit I’ve ever heard. Listen nigger stop sending me ur fap pictures. You still love my page faggot.  
 The ancient Egyptians ("black") produced one of the highest forms of civilization ever known. They were outstanding in the fields of mathematics, astronomy and astrology, medicine, religion, philosophy, architecture, engineering, art, government, science, mining and all other  fields involving the elements of civilization.  
 	Wtf happened to them? Retard pills? 
 Keith Ellison Abuse Allegations: New Inquiry Requested  Republican nominee for Senate in Minnesota has called for an 'immediate investigation' by attorney general's office   
 	Like that is going to happen,he is two folds a protected species a demoncrap and a nigger 
 	You can call anybody anything. It’s a free country and it needs to be kept that way.  
 		Meanwhile, Israeli citizens like Feinstein and Devilee Wasserman Schultz demand open borders in the United States as the Israeli citizen, Chuck Schumer,  shuts down the government for illegal immigrants.       Could You Imagine If A White Person In Europe Or The Usa Or Canada Used A Racial Slur On Immigrants! 
 			, don't be a skinhead redneck you white supremacist! Ethno States aren't allowed anymore in the new world order so stop perpetrating identity politics . 
  
 	If Trump was Hitler that thick cunt would still be a Moron! 
 Kanye West deletes Twitter, Instagram accounts -- again  
 	A nigger is still a nigger 
 	   Actually, he identifies as a jewish supremacist whose main ideological positions are anti-White hatred & toxic semitism.   He's not really that concerned with economic and social issues beyond attacking Whitey.   He denies any semitic heritage, & claims that his motivation is self-hatred, driven by internalization of systemic semitism 
 		Yes as you keep saying. Yet you have utterly failed on every occassion to produce one single anti-white post of mine. Saying other races are ok too is not being anti-white. Only in your mental brainstem. And it's no use pretending I'm Jewish to hide your shock. Most normal white folk feel the same as me :) 
 			Your self-proclaimed "adequate literacy" has declined to a new low. I acknowledged your claim of non-semitic heritage, & your insistence that your anti-White hatred is not instinctive, but self-hatred resulting from internalization of systemic semitism. Why do you insist on mischaracterizing this as a claim that you're a member of the Tribe?   Sad! 
 					Your open admission of your befuddlement (& your grossly inadequate vocabulary) is appreciated.   But your continued feeble attempts at prevarication are pathetic.   Every post of yours is a vitriolic, incoherent attack on anyone who dares to express any positive White identity.   Cite a single post where you have attacked a non-White for their identity. 
 						You've gone quiet! Have you given it up for Lent? Everything you say just demonstrates your desperation further. Lots of big twisty words and convoluted shite. The simple fact is if you could find just One single anti-white post of mine you'd repost it and say "I told you".   Me saying "I hate being white" or "Whites are shites" would do it. Scour my timeline again lol 
 							Most anti-Whites, like you, are wholly ignorant of even the most basic elements of the Christian calendar. Sad! 
 								Lol Still trying it on after your monumentous slapping yesterday. Your voice seems strangely muted now though. As if you're trying to convince youself ;) 
 											Holy shit, yours was better lol 
 Josh aka "suspected jew" aka antifa leader & John aka Asian boy 
 	Terrorists? 
 		Nah jus plain old Faggots. Man I'd love to meet some of these dissafected "rebel" hard men like Jordan Hunt & the above face to Faggot face. 
 Live on Msnbc: Rick Wilson says "They're going to have to put a bullet in Donald Trump".    
 	Why doesn't that low T faggot do the job himself?  
 Jew = Retard. What happened to freedom of speech dumb kike? Remember when you kikes used that as an excuse to destroy the obscenity laws in America to sell jew porn? Only A Jew Retard Thinks Censorship Is Freedom Of Speech Now. Make up your dumb kike mind. Either you are for freedom or not, oh, sorry, freedom only for jews to denigrate everyone, got it. Asshole 
 Great working dealing with those faggot shills   but can i fucking get an answer Why is the Gab Frog gone?  
  
 	 
 		A leftist trying to meme is like a retarded fish trying to fly. 
 I got friends on Discord who already confirmed he was legit.we have really retarded people in our ranks, we should know that by now. 
 What 'cha doin' America?   Oh.just waiting to hang the cunt & the muslim nigga' 
 The Second Mass Meat Recall from an American Meat Packing company which employs large numbers of Somali Muslim employees    
 	never trust a muzzie. never give a muzzie a job. 
 iffa nigger does the crime its a life of ease on whitey's dime 
 Feinchinese literally torpedoed the Kavanaugh family. This kind of search and destroy politicking needs to stop. Vote The Cunt Out Of OfFICE. Every vote for her is one for satan. She cares nothing for anyone except herself. She's a rotten Chinese spy who's bent on destroying our constitutional republic. She does not Deserve the Us. Looking forward to when this TRAITOROUs Cunt gets her just deserts.  
 Those children in London don't you understand the people you March with are demons that fuck you and kill you s and those evil cunt want you to have no life or living or children to carry on the next life Labour and Tory are pedo heaven stop walking with you evil.mums and dad 
 			Oh shit Neo you took the God damned blue pill? 
 				Only in your wet dreams and fertile imagination, of course. Wake up!   +1 (Neo)             
 					Oh I am awake Neo, you see I actually took the red pill. 
 								No, no, no, the Usa should not be allies with impotent weak low Iq losers like the Nazis. Good thing that we beat those damn "socialist" losers. 
 												you are a retard and a fag. you are a football and our bitchboi .  
 Tonight Hannity said, in relation to the incivility of the Left and today's bomb scares, "In 13 days, we settle our differences at the ballot box"   Sorry to tell ya Sean, the Left is not going to consider anything settled on Election day. If they lose, they will continue their criminal mayhem on the street. If they win, they will use their power to continue that same mayhem in the House of Representatives. If Nancy Pelosi becomes Speaker of the House, expect assassination attempts on Trump and Pence, as they try to stick us with President Pelosi by force.    These people are not playing by the rules of democracy and civil discourse. They are operating by the rules of warfare and espionage, and they have been for a long time. They will stop at nothing. They will continue to escalate without concern for repercussion, until they are stopped by force. The only hope we have of preventing a full blown civil war in this country, is for Republicans to get their heads out of their asses and prosecute the communists who are perpetrating and supporting this carnage.   So long as the Justice Department is more interested in virtue signaling against racists than they are with stopping crime, crime will continue to be a regular part of our political life.   Sadly, I suspect the latter is far more likely than the former. 
 		Rotten nasty demonrats! 
 		Ren & Stimpy? 
 		Ren & Stimpy? 
 Gary Glitter -  "Shaky sue"        
 		The important thing is the content (the music) and not the packaging. 
 		The important thing is the content (the music) and not the packaging. 
 Religious freedom review finally              
 	Turnbull was a lying cnt , that pathetic Postal questionnaire about faggot marriage was only supposed to be a benchmark to gauge the Publics response  
 Discord wants to sell your data, and if that data is breached or leaked they don't want to be held responsible. Here's how to opt out:     
 	This is asinine, you can't "opt-out" of a data mining program like discord, stop using that shit if you value your privacy how the fuck is a privacy advocate advocating discord? this is retarded 
 'Look at this f---ing white guy!' bigot yells before brutally attacking man in Bronx pizzeria   This is starting to piss whitey off !       
 	I live in a niggerhood, where every trip to the local grocery store is like a trip to an African jungle, complete with savages dancing around a boiling cauldron waving their spears. They curse out and assault Yt for committing the following "hate crimes": being in front of them in the checkout line, asking them to move their bloated hippo asses when they stand in the middle of an aisle ooking into their sail foams, expecting them to finish their shopping before getting into the checkout line, expecting them to supervise their thieving little sproglets who are running around the store stuffing items under their shirts and getting in peepo's way. A few weeks ago one of them chimped out because she thought the Yt cashier had ripped her off, so she ran around the store walloping White shoppers in the back with her tote bag full of canned goods. Nobody tried to stop her or call the cops. Being accosted and bullied while using the sidewalk is a common occurrence where I live.   Niggers have always been virulent racists, even in Africa different tribes take turns killing each other. Now they've been groomed to believe that it's perfectly Ok to assault someone for having White skin, and they know they will get away with it. In other words, they have a bloated sense of entitlement to commit hate crimes and racial attacks, and rules that apply to others don't apply to them. If Yt calls the cops about a racially motivated nigger assault, it's Yt who gets punished for racism, not the nig nog. Whites have to realize that we are already embroiled in a race war with these niggers and their ((enablers)). Every racial attack by a nigger is a strike by the enemy. 
 Many of you guys know I am not lily white.and not even Remotely Aryan. yet you have befriended me without hesitation.     The left wants to depict us as a festering hive of White Supremacist "nazis".     Gab is more than "Hate Speech".  For one thing, there is no such thing as hate speech.  It is a figment of emotion-driven leftist intolerance.    We are a vast community of free thinkers. We respect the opinions of others, though we may disagree.  We know that the First Amendment comes before all others, because tyranny begins the moment they attempt to silence us.    Color is inconsequential, but character is everything.     Good men and women died for My right to speak freely, and By God, I will.  Especially to fight leftist lies.    I  
 	I did not know you are not white. Nor does it matter to me. I judge by character not skin color and you are A+ ok in the character department. : ) 
 		Lol.  I've known you since Twitter, and read your backgroud story there.  I thought you were an "orphan" white girl who grew up in a black neighborhood, or something like that. White is sometimes just a perception.  Lot's of us in the melting pot are not "pure." 
 			I am not ashamed.  I am Irish and Menominee.  I lived in the "ghetto" in Chicago, in Altgeld Gardens, then raised as a ward of the state in foster care.  Adopted briefly. Then unadopted.     Conservatives come from all walks of life. 
 				I'm just an average American. Part Irish, part Sicilian, little bit of Polish and some Scotch. And 100% inner-city hillbilly redneck. Just another conservative. 
 				I'm just an average American. Part Irish, part Sicilian, little bit of Polish and some Scotch. And 100% inner-city hillbilly redneck. Just another conservative. 
  
 	I hope someone breaks into this "judge's" home and she is defenseless and the police take their usual time responding. Then she will learn what a stupid, dangerous, cunt she is 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 Google Design Lead Meltdown After Kav Confirmed   ‘You Are Finished, Gop’  ‘Slimy, Evil, Treasonous’  ‘F**K. You. All. To. Hell’   Now: So Sorry  ‘Should Have Been More Eloquent’    
 	whenever you are ready to make good on your threat, gab me, i'll meet with you!  faggot 
 Is this how you treat shareholders, ?   I said 's plans to colonize Mars were stupid since there are plenty of problems here on earth he could help solve with his resources, and he got triggered and blocked me!    
 		Hey might think Dice was a democrat, musk voted for trump. 
 		musk voted for Money ;) 
 		musk voted for Money ;) 
 Peter, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 This is fascinating; makes me wonder if I haven't assumed higher Iqs for well-mannered, polite people who were functionally retarded in the past. Also makes sense that there's a large concentration of low Iq's in a place that was originally forcibly colonized by criminals and prostitutes, and that cute-but-stupid people might pass on this misfortune. 
 should we be using gab.com or gab.ai? which site is going to become the main one? @a 
 		you can go away this is a free speech platform   
 				yeh so what get over it i followed you who cares? only you do 
 				yeh so what get over it i followed you who cares? only you do 
 I actually know some people who decided to try  recently.   A few weeks later I asked how it was going and they literally said it is Way too negative and hateful and racist, and that they wouldn't be going back.   I had to chuckle. Now they know the truth. 
 		Why?  The only people that feel the need to "stand up for their race" are insecure, cousin-fucking pieces of white trash.  You know, like you. ;D 
 		Why?  The only people that feel the need to "stand up for their race" are insecure, cousin-fucking pieces of white trash.  You know, like you. ;D 
 	Hohum. another  .     ignorance and hate. 
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 People sticking up for Dylan Roof make me sick. He should not have murdered those innocent people. They let him come to church and study the Bible with them. The fact is that he was doing Satan's work in killing Christians. Anyone doing this might as well be a Jew killing the Lord Jesus Christ and Christians who follow Him. 
 	Who is your first loyalty to? Christians? Or Europeans?  
 		Of course, I'm loyal to Jesus Christ 1st and forever as my profile says. After this, I'm a pro-white advocate who wants white European people to survive and keep majorities in their own countries. 
 			So then Christianity takes precedence over European loyalty, I love how on your profile you make fun of Magapedes for being okay with non-whites so long as they have a Maga hat, you are the same, except swap the Maga hat for a crucifix.  
 				The problem is you admitted your first loyalty is to a universalist religion that is one of many factors contributing to white genocide. Your first loyalty is to some Christian nigger rather than our own people. I am guessing you believe Israel to be the "Holy Land" rather than Europe?  
 Opinion: Department of Health & Human Services tells 1.4 million transgender people that they do not exist   By Erin C.           
 	1.4 million? Bring the Culling Now! 
 		Liberals are now twisted into pretzels, and too retarded to see that they have done the twisting.    Frankly, I doubt the Trump people wanted to get involved in this shit at all. What they're doing is preventing the courts from being clogged by ridiculous and pointless shit fights between feminists and trannies. The whole point of title Ix is (or at leas Was) to prevent discrimination against women. But that can't work if there's no such thing as a biological woman. 
 Democrat New Jersey Senator Cory Booker Accused Of Sexually Assaulting A Man          #1A #2A                        vs      
 	nigger faggot just like ovomit 
 Thanks to The Duran, pray we do the 'no deal'    
 	because i'm new to gab and have no idea where to post this, i'll post it here. please share:  
 		facefuck is nazi central. you do not have the right to say what you think in case some lame cunt gets bent out of shape and reports you for making them cry and scurry off to their safe space. corralled sheep have more freedom than you have on facefuck. 
  
 	Yeah it's possible! It had to be Feinstein or that dyke staff of hers!  These people will Lie no matter what! 
 Eric Holder advocating for violence against Republicans is being noticed by even Cnn    
 	Wish that useless nigger would try to kick me. 
 racemixers are one step away from bestiality. White humping a nigger is bestiality by definition (sex with another (sub)species)  
 From the article:     I offer my sincerest regrets to the Brookhaven community for the insensitivity that portrayed during the Friday evening halftime show. There is an active investigation into the circumstances that led to this performance, Jackson Mayor Chokwe Lumumba said.   While I do not believe that there was a malice intent on behalf of the students that participated in this halftime show, I understand that we are ultimately not defined by the things that we set out to do, but rather how we respond to the things that actually do take place. It is the responsibility of adults to offer guidance to youth. Our students should have been instructed that this was neither the time or place for that performance.   Not abject apologies; regrets   The students aren’t seven years old, they’re in high school.  They fully understood the malice in their actions.   Our students should have been instructed that this was neither the time or place for that performance.  Please enlighten us, Mayor:  When would have been the appropriate venue to pretend to kill cops?    
 	Alright then. I'm critical of police, but supportive of police. There are bad cops, and they get away with being bad for far too long.   But they are comparatively few. Though the borough I lived in weren't the most intelligent, they tried and worked under averse conditions.   Niggers and guns are not good combinations, and a house very near mine, just after 11:00 Pm, my wife and I heard why they're not. Before going to bed, we happened to hear on the police radio a disconcerting thing, on the next street over. A black man was going door to door apparently looking for someone. After falling asleep, he found the home he wanted, near ours, a 15 year old black male answered, and was shot 11 times, and another black resident was hit in the leg. That volley of shots woke my wife and I, the next 15 rounds fired were by an occupant of the house at the fleeing attempted murderer. He missed.   The sister of the gun shot victim phoned the police, we heard the dispatch, saying she thinks her brother was just shot. She's in a tech school of some sort, she looks articulate and intelligent, so she likely was upset, but that her brother was shot 11 times, her comment was an understatement.   The police responded to dispatch that it was probably fireworks, when 1,296,415 more calls flooded in about the shooting. Damn, they're going to need to leave the station. An arrest was made and gun confiscated, a somewhat intoxicated neighbor to the home where the shooting occurred ran into an alley behind the house carrying a rifle, the police proudly arrested this innocent man trying to protect his family and property. He'll probably lose his gun, and his right to own guns, because the action of a cop that figured a call saying "her brother was just shot" was just fireworks.   The 15 year old miraculously survived, the attempted killer got away in an identified vehicle with Ohio plates, a vigilant neighbor was arrested, kind of like a door prize.   Niggers have shot:   1. White woman walking home from her McDonald's Job. 2. Three niggers in the legs.  2A. Nigger that shot #2 gets shot in head, killing him.   3. Man in front of Pizza Shop, killing him.  4. Man on city corner 5 minutes after I pass by, killing him.  5. Man on another corner, killing him.  6. Shoots black woman in leg at corner of #5.  7. While investigating #6, a series of cars are found with bullet holes in them, happened earlier in the day than #6.   To tell you the truth, there's too many more to list. Here's one, he was black, a city worker, about to testify about a shooting, I won't list him as a nigger though:     In that period of time, encompassing the same area, all within 1.5 miles of my home, here's the shocking number of cases police shot blacks and whites:   Cops - 0   This football show should have featured characters dressed as cops and shot bad blacks, they would be symbolizing the solution to the real problem in this nation. And I kid you not about the list of other shootings to be too long. Blacks are killing blacks and they think it's normal. Of a young black girl killed in a burger joint, one witness said that "They was doing their business", i.e. drugs, but he was Ok with that.    
 Is anyone else absolutely furious over the treatment of Kavanaugh?   Feinstein should spend 10 years at least in prison for what she has (illegally) done to Kavanaugh.   That lying Pos Ford should be imprisoned for at Least 20 yrs.   False accusations need to carry the same penalties as the victim would have gotten. 
 	The Jew Kike Is 84YRS Old Running For ANOTheR 6YR Term As Senator ! Will Be A Fucking 90 If The Cunt Whore Is Re-Elected ! 
 As a faggot I disavow a faggot calling straight men faggots, it's fucking pathetic.  this is not your Aids survivors club meeting, if you can't take the banter fuck off to Twitter. 
 When this story broke I suspected and sure enough here it is confirmed.        
 			It's not necessary to murder the white female in such cases. Instead:   Hang the nigger.   Abort the mulatto fetus.   Give Ect to the mother so she forgets about the whole thing. 
 Thanks for your acknowledgement of my superior intellect since I am a Caucasoid Asiatic.  Sorry I hurt your feefees. Baconian truth is empiricism based on largely statistical analysis, and you can see in many of these Iq v Race papers show small sample sizes (highest being 300 I think) and evidence of confirmation bias. Take that harrumpher! 
 		'I tell him that the demographic Iq differences are well-established and documented' Who died and made you king of research? What an imbecile to think what his ( ) statement of 'well established' is a Gotcha now Drumpfkin. Who made you the arbiter of truth? Who made you the troll of Lucifer? You r worth only the spittle off my mouth on waking. 
 				: 'Probably rocking an Iq of 75 and a football helmet whenever you go outside too.' Thanks for your autobiography dude. 
 						: ' Thanks for the laughs. '   You're welcome! Such little I did to make you laugh makes me feel charitable, helping out a low Iq moron like yourself. 
 						: ' Thanks for the laughs. '   You're welcome! Such little I did to make you laugh makes me feel charitable, helping out a low Iq moron like yourself. 
 Ditzy Dame: "I found these bullets on the ground. people make me sick"        
 		This is why people fight for restrictions and safeguards on the franchise. Repeal the nineteenth! 
 		This is why people fight for restrictions and safeguards on the franchise. Repeal the nineteenth! 
 	Livestock are for breeding. 
 			Only two original parents;   Adam and Eve. 
 						Tell me some more! 
 							Wow. Talk about a non sequitur! You must be the King of Non Sequiturland! 
 								Please   Tell me some more. 
 										Oh my ! 
 Another White-Hating Kosher Cunt From Georgetown University Shows That   "Anti-White" Is Cool. Heres to a dumptruck of Mongreloid Cocks Up Her Ass!      Yes. This Is For Real. Link And Image(S) Below        
  
 	A retarded liberal from Utah. 
 lol I know right? what kind of retard actually believes in voting xD 
 Kanya:.   Pres. Trump, I thank you for letting me & "bigJim" here come talk to you today.   Trump:.   No problem Kanya, guess the ERs will be over run with liberals tonight.   Kanya:.   Why is that?   Trump:.   Because when their heads exploded they were up their asses & it blew their assholes out.   Kanya:   Motherfucker! 
 	    How many ways can we use Mother**cker.  Maybe this could be our Friday night game. 
 		Maybe Cnn will take off with it like they did with "shithole". Hehe 
 			Mother**cker is just part of the nigger vocabulary  
 If for some reason I end up flipping out this week for some retarded reason.  It's because these new neighbors of mine.  All year round it's been nonstop noise, then they blast there god d2mn rap music to 2-3am.  I'm this close to yelling to cut it out, or perhaps torching my own house and selling off my property to get away from it.  I live out in bfe for a d2mn reason. 
 Rekt: 
 		Don Lemon recently used the word "gravitas".  He sounded so grown-up for a split second. 
 		Don Lemon recently used the word "gravitas".  He sounded so grown-up for a split second. 
 Family Friendly Grimvera says:   "Are you going to get to the point there, buddy? Or are you going to just attack with wet-noodle arguments that only make you look like you're about as bright as that gum you stuck under your math class desk? Golly-gee-whiz, you're just a miserable little guy, aren't you!"    
 		 
 		 
 Flat earfers are among the more fascinating sort retard that exists here on gab. 
 Jason Van Dyke verdict imminent (Laquan McDonald shooting) -- Live streams:   
 Jason Van Dyke verdict imminent (Laquan McDonald shooting) -- Live streams:   
 trolling 'pro women' stories on my local news website, Dude there are so many.'women are victims of abuse'.'women want credit for doing jobs' these articles are endless and fucking retarded I understand why men hate women.I hate women and I am one.I only got love for pro white ladies cuz they are fearless and dont play the victim card 
 	What's funny you little racist Negro is I saw some jackass comment you made to someone the other night & I was gong to comment on it but I thought naaa I aint heard shit out of the negro in 9 Months the hell with his ass then I see you posted this shit about me.you're as much of a Nigger as that fucking Obama is & you play the whoa is me race card just like he did .You Pos 
 Censorship is fundamentally dumb and yields no long term benefit, because it's impossible to control another person's thoughts and feelings. You must provide info. Even if you censor someone, you haven't changed their mind. Thus, censorship is useless. You must change people's minds with facts and arguements, not abuse your power and use violence. 
 	But they censored Blair's thoughts and feelings. He still has a court drama pending. I hope he wins and shows Australia we have psychopathic rulers, not rule of law. 
 		True - but online we are everywhere. U sound like me til last week. Kept thinking people are being retarded via the water/vaccines etc. Then saw this Uri quote/Npc meme. It is purely commie conditioning. Aussies will be sorry when they realise what's going on & that it's their fault. Lefties "need help sleeping". Truth is also insane to Leftists & normies. 
 You're quite welcome.  I'm sorry that you were robbed of your ability to self manage.  If only you had the sense of accountability and responsibility yourself.  No wonder you are the first generation that failed to do better. 
 	Jewish Control in America   Next Stop: How Jews Control Communism, Feminism, Lgbtq, Music, the Media & Pornography    
 			Only nigger here is you, son of a rabbi. 
 Principal Replaced After Making A Student Take Off His Trump Jersey At A Patriotic-Themed Football Game    
 		Yep.People Getting Woke On The Anti America Fake News Media 
 		Yep.People Getting Woke On The Anti America Fake News Media 
 Like all parasites, (((Hollywood))) loves to steal then assume the identity of ancient Celtic Christians, because it was alpha male Galatians who kicked the crap out of the 'synagogue of Satan' (Revelation 2:9) throughout Europe, U.S., etc. Plus the S.O.S. hate that those who 'believeth' on Jesus Christ are the 'Chosen People' (Galatians 3:16)  The 'Hillbilly Triangle' (W. Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio) is home to the offspring of "Over-Mountain-Men" Celtic warriors responsible for America's win against the 'synagogue of Satan' financed British. Dick Burnett (Scottish) was from Kentucky and was the original singer of "Constant Sorrow". The voice from O Brother Where Art Thou is Ralph Stanley (Irish). The synagogue of Satan has turned their fury against The Hillbilly Triangle for generations and you can see the result, 3rd world-level poverty, lack of education, food, etc. Most Americans are unfamiliar with the above short history, perhaps that's why they send billions to nations that hate us, rather than to the offspring of Celtic warriors who handed us the freedoms that most Americans take for granted. If you would like to learn more about the above-mentioned history, please read  and if you're in a position to help the Appalachian people, please donate to       
 Twat did you say? 
 Fellow white women, have a heart.  Give your guns, your income, and your freedom to me.   If you don’t, you are too far gone. 
 	Do you get it now, white girls? You're not allowed to think for yourself. You are required by coercive measures to think and act as you are told. Otherwise, you are bad. But guess what? You're always going to be the evil scapegoat. No matter how hard you virtue signal, no matter how many black guys you date, the end game is your genocide. You better wake the fuck up. 
 		That Kike cunt needs to "go away." 
 Thanx fo tha tip faggot 
 Do you have a daughter that you can donate to the cause to be raped by a volunteer nigger buck? 
 Oh dear. 
 	I'd rather slap the taste out of your mouth muzzie  shit stain. 
 Psychological Child Abuser and Infamous Misandrist Clementine Ford at it again. "Fuck Clementine Ford" . Pass    
 	bet any money this fat, ugly, man-hating cunt will raise her son to be a little faggot. probably have him on estrogen from the time he's in kindergarten.  in the ideal world, we'd prevent people like chlamydiatine ford from procreating.  
 Muslim finds drunk, drugged girl outside pub covered in blood with broken teeth and jaw. Instead of taking her to the hospital he takes her home and rapes her.    
 		Instead of the left insisting on bringing there to here, they should just pack up and move themselves to there 
 		I thought White men were responsible for all the raping. Ask the hoor feminists.  
 	Likely this was opiod related or severe mental illness.   She lived in a place that is untouched by diversity, and not a bastion of liberalism.   This was a tough story to hear about.  
 		It's factually inaccurate to say Maine is untouched by diversity. As Paul LePage has pointed out, Maine has a huge problem with black drug dealers from out of state knocking up white Maine women and leaving.   Would not be surprised to find out that this was another such case. 
 			I'd be shocked since she was from Lee, and she did this north of the Lincoln exit. If it was Lewiston or Augusta then it would surely be possible.   Smoothie probably don't make it to Lee or the big city of Lincoln.  
 				Fair point but I'm not ruling out anything at this point 
 			Lewistown Mane has a somoli moslem problem because their welfare handouts were too rich 
 				It's Lewiston, but you're otherwise correct 
 				It's Lewiston, but you're otherwise correct 
 This is why I no longer post on twitter's echo chamber of idiocracy - the hive of retard SJWs 
 I know full well the endless list of evils your fake chosen people have perpetuated just in the past century alone, but now I'm "Antisemitic Racist White Supremacist" because of that history lesson!    
 	A better strategy would be to find out who are the good Jews who don’t want to destroy you, and ally with them to breed smart children that can stop the evil ones. Hmm, something like Trump is doing. 
 			Another strategy is to breed your own smart children by encouraging breeding of the smart and not subsidizing the breeding of the stupid. Either way, the war will be won by the side with the higher Iq leaders and soldiers. 
 				Why exactly would I take advice about eugenics from a moron like yourself ?   The fact you think this even needs to be mentioned and you do so again and again like it’s some kind of revolutionary theory only reafffims how stupid you are. 
 					I don’t give a shit what you do. The only way to beat smart, evil people is with smart, good people. You aren’t going to win because you’re too stupid to take the required steps that are blatently obvious, as you have said. Don’t blame me for your lack of initiative. 
 						Using in-group tactics to combat hostile rival groups & promoting the further procreation of the group’s best & brightest was literally the core tenet of Hitler’s Germany, you insufferable mongoloid. You’ve been advocating For Nsdap policies for the last hour & are just to stupid to know it because you’re a faggot that would rather cry about Jews than win 
 Rt dbongino    Is this guy for real? -> Obama Takes Credit for Starting Booming Trump Economy     
 	fuck this nigger moslem put a damn bullet in that nappy head  
 After seeing Trump's disgusting, Zionist,sell out ways , I do wish Hillary had won.She's just repulsive enough to invoke a revolution . 70 years of Zionist degeneracy-Trump was selected to keep you pacified with false promises. All white people= less than 7% of the total global population Calculate your Democratic odds with open borders .    
 	At least Trump is nationalist.  He may be kissing Jewish ass but he's not buying ths globalism 
 		Zionism is globalism, that's just it, he's sold out to the globalists. He supports ethno nationalism in the state of IsraLIE. He just signed the largest ever aid package to IsraLIE and broke campaign promises about Syria. Where's the border wall! What can Trump do for the United States, because we don't care about Israeli nationalism. 
 			Am I understanding this correctly? Israhell must be a 3rd world poor country among the poorest if not The poorest. in order to need 50 Billion in military aid? I think Aid is just a cover for Extortion. 
 				We give them 3.2 billion dollars annually in addition to the military aid, in addition to the use of our military for Odid Yinion wars in Iraq,Afghanistan, Lybia, Syria and next Iran. In addition to what they take via spies like Jonathon Pollard. The people didn't vote for that, Israeli citizens in our government give it to themselves. 
 					"They took the babies from the incubators,"    , "Weapons of mass destruction."   "We came , we saw, he died." Meanwhile , Israeli citizens like Chuck Schumer shut down the government for illegal immigrants and we can't afford to build a border wall !   Call 9/11, how dare we not support (((victims)))    
 						 claims that we owe these globalists because supposedly we have a low birth rate.  Well, Long Live The Federal Reserve! Shout Out Imf, World Bank! 
 							What the fuck are you talking about? Do you just make up random bullshit and post like a moron? The west is going down because people like you didn’t have enough children. Stop tryiing to cover up your total failure as a woman and a mother with your retarded rantings.  
 	Knowing Blacks Killing Blacks Makes Me Smile U Cunt 
  well, people are retarded creatures of habit.  Morning Randy.  
 From what I heard wes bellamy is a nigger 
     This retard needs a lesson in capitalism.    
 Winner, winner, chicken dinner! My $20 Ar. Won a church gun raffle! Psa Ar with Magpul furniture and rear sight, Glock knife, soft case, 100rds of ammo and 3 evil 30rd mags!   Fun fact: The ammo, lower, and knife came from my shop. Had no idea they were putting together this package. 
 	How's the Glock knife? I've wondered about their quality since they came out. 
 		as shitty as the guns, I am sure  
 			Glocks are the greatest guns ever invented. 
 				you are an amature  
 					It's "amateur," Mr. Professional. 
 						you still don't know shit about guns.  
 							Just because you served in the Royal Luxembourg Fusiliers, (Brazer Battalion, Pink Squad, Faggot Company) doesn't make you an expert. 
 								Get back to me when the U.S. Military signs a contract with Glock because they are so great. Pussy  
 									Here ya are:   
 										No Amature. One unit is not the U.S. Military.  
 											They carried the M9 Baretta for a decade or more. This is the new sidearm for the U.S. Military.  
 											*amateur  You said the Us military doesn't use Glocks, and you are wrong. 
 											*amateur  You said the Us military doesn't use Glocks, and you are wrong. 
 A nigger with a Yid name. What could possibly go wrong.  
 Rt LionelMedia    Look at her. No, seriously. What do you see? Better yet, what don’t you see?     
 	Will this liberal cunt keep her job. of course.  This is common practice among these (((universities))) 
  tramp. Agent of Satan. 
 	she is a no talent liberal retarded cunt  
 Van Hollen: Trump 'Belittling' Sexual Assault Survivors During Kavanaugh Battle 'Energized' Dems | Breitbart    
 	Who the hell is Van Hollen? .I'm confused.I thought it said Van Halen.rock on! 
 		Van Hollen is one the the retarded politicians from Maryland.  
 Trump: ‘Hillary Never Got It. That’S Why She Lost’    
 	Hillary Never Got It !   That Is Why She Lost !    Cunt Clinton Needs To Shut The Fuck Up ! 
 There's a reason why Death is the penalty for Treason   He is the reason that Steve Scalise  got shot and nearly killed while playing baseball - He is the reason we have riots and lawlessness on our street   But, he's to big of a pussy to get his own hands dirty   Alec Baldwin stands with Antifa 
 	It never fails to astound me why (so called) Celebs use Politics as a "Look At Me I'M Still Significant, Tool!"  If our president decides to get rid of all the retarded people in the U.S., Baldwin will be the first one to go, followed by Cher, Streep, Swift +++!  
  
 	Always been an ugly cunt  
 Healthy Conversation? Twitter Takes No Action as Louis Farrakhan Calls Jews ‘Termites‘ | Breitbart  via  
 	Love to see a nigger bashing the yids,,,,they can't go after a nigger 
 If you want to attract thousands of  then house them in a cruise ship. San Francisco also provides needles and heroin/fentanyl shooting galleries.   "House Boat Controversial plans to house city’s homeless on Cruise Ship revealed"    
 	Toronto should do this, but not for our homeless - use it for the shit flinging, border hopping nigger guests of Justin Turdeau. Anchor it in the middle of Lake Ontario. They can reuse that giant rubber duck from last year, that way it will be easy to hose down when the freeloaders smear it with shit - or just sink the fucker, problem solved.  
 Red Wave Rising:   Panicked Schumer Dumps $3 Million into New Jersey   to Save Floundering Bob Menendez    
 	Pedo pos spic 
  
 	A long, long time in Prison, Muzzie scum bag!   
  Are you mad at the fact that someone is calling you out on your gay porn collection? 
 					I hear ya cryin, nazi faggot Lol 
 		Not really. I never started a "Neo-Pagan Question" group. Initially I was just saying "lay off the Christians. Their good people." And was called a kike, pasta nigger and told I wasn't welcome in my own country by neo-pagan degenerates. Fuck you guys, 
 So the Cdc doesn't know what is causing the polio like disease that is paralizing kids.Better know your shit before you let Big Pharma Pushers  poke your babies with Bs Vaccinations! Just Saying! 
 	It's a free country my friend, just don't let your carriers go to school with my kids, Thanks. 
 		Based on your use of grammar perhaps your children are missing out on an education. Go away redneck 
 	This is a tough one. I voted for Trudy but I'm not sure she has the balls to come out.  
 	Who cares ! 
 	Macron. Definitely. 
 	macron is definitely gay. hence he loves older women.  
 Lol im not a nigger so im not a ape    but can relate to a moli w a gun trying to rape white women  
 More footage of the twat Rat-face & the pathetic Police at Speakers' corner;    
 	 
 		exactly lol 
 	It seems like he's overcompensating for something. 
 		I know.  My guess is he has tiny chubby baby monkey penis 
 	They usually get what we don't want anyway.   
 	The phrase 'Once you go black you don't go back' isn't quite right it should be: 'Once you go black you can't go back' as no decent white guy will entertain you especially if you have a little brown bundle of joy so not even a super-cucked guy can pass it off as his! 
 	You ain't got any nuts you got a mangina. 
 	Iggies another one who can't resist quoting this  . 
 Ask for directions? Give me a break nigger  
 So as a Christian you admit your parent religion Judaism preaches Jesus is a nigger now in hell boiling in a cauldron of animal excrement.while your brother religion Islam preaches he was the last holy prophet of God sent to the Jews to warn them to change their evil ways? 
 Sarah Palin in response to Murkowski voting no on  
 	Bitch slap the murky cunt 
 	Looks more like Iq 25. 
 	Looks more like Iq 25. 
 Stop Communism In America   Dianne SwineStein Has To Go 
 		They are complete trash the boomers.  
 		It sucks because there are some awesome boomers like . Lol 
 		It sucks because there are some awesome boomers like . Lol 
 Behead that cunt and be done. 
 I would handle it just like you. Guys always accept their daughters being mudsharks and I always tell them that if I had a daughter that was a nigger lover, I’d disown her. They act like you have to love her anyway tho if it’s your daughter. Fuck that, you did the right thing. 
 Writer for the Colbert Show deleted this tweet 
 		I think she will find that her life has been ruined now! Even low for the Colbert show! Lol 
 			We certainly hope. I can honestly say I have never watched that show. 
 			We certainly hope. I can honestly say I have never watched that show. 
 				Me neither.hope someone will keep us posted on how she is fucked.in great details (not literally.that would be gross!) 
 					Yes. 
 		. I’m just glad we ruined our lives.  Fixed that for ya.  
 			Yeah, I almost wish I still used twitter, so I could post exactly that back to her.almost. 
 		It’s people like Ariel that are destroying this Country and others! 
 			Willful Sedition  
 		He just got seated on the highest court in the land which is the ultimate goal of all good judges and helped to further expose the left for what they are. I'm thinking he's pretty pleased with the outcome as a whole and considers the fight well worth it. But that's just me.  
 			I'd say you are correct. 
 		Let's keep him there. Dems plan on impeaching him & Potus if they win. They want open borders, illegals to vote,  BOcare, they want their Crumbs Back. Make America Red Vote Dems Out Of OfFICE    
 			If they try that, we will have to take off from work, and go to Dc to protest, and to let the commiecrats know their lives will be over, literally, if they go through with it. 
 		Time to grow up. 
 			Communists are incapable of growing up. 
 		No you didn’t. Did your hairy liberal snagged toothed ass wake up as a Justice of the Supreme Court today? Nope. That crack ass of yours woke up laying down with the dog that gave you fleas. You can scream, you can wag that soros paid sign high in the air, but guess what, Justice Kavanaugh Will Still Be Sitting On The Supreme Court. 
 		 
 		 
 Holy shit, Victoria Nuland who overthrew Ukraine at the cost of $8 billion was on shill Rachel Maddow's show.   Bragged about overthrowing Ukraine, bragged about installing "Yats"   Got caught on cell call saying this, Wife of Robert Kagan of Pnac and the rape of Iraq    
 	Wow if you follow this loser. You should just end it. Ppl that spread retarded lies are not fit to breathe. Muted biotch! 
 If ever someone wants to bring up feminist talking points to you, just bring up this pic and tell them "Stfu pic related": 
 	 
 		When I see ugly retarded leftist like them, that's what I do, I run for my life! 
 	Uhm . no. 
 		I don't want you anyway, you old stupid faggot 
 		I'm a calculating woman with some time on my hands Dangerous! I'm planning to keep it up till the midterms then troll so hard I get kicked off after the red tsunami 
 		I'm a calculating woman with some time on my hands Dangerous! I'm planning to keep it up till the midterms then troll so hard I get kicked off after the red tsunami 
 	Now someone tell me these guy's aren't stealth poes trolling atheists.   
 	Now someone tell me these guy's aren't stealth poes trolling atheists.   
 You are obviously just retarded my dude. If you want to toss aside all help in this fight then that is on you. But if you do then you lose. So have fun losing.  
 California: Pro-Choice activist proudly breaks world record by getting her 27th abortion  
 	Well, I'm certainly proud that our gene pool can move on without her  contribution. 
 		Show people who this fool chick is.    Makes the points easier to make . 
 				burn in hell you retarded moron  
 We Will Never Allow Uk to Choose Immigration Policy, Says Eu Brexit Boss   The European Parliament’s Brexit coordinator has said he will never allow the Uk to control its own borders, claiming a system based on allowing in professionals and people with the skills the nation needs amounts to discrimination.  Ranting before MEPs on Tuesday, arch-liberal and federalist Guy Verhofstadt also personally attacked senior members of the Tory Party and rejected proposals from leadership favourite Boris Johnson to extend the Article 50 process.   He claimed that enough mess has been created by Brexit already, adding let’s stop it, before deploring the actions of the Conservative Party in recent weeks as insane.   On Tuesday, home secretary Sajid Javid announced plans to prioritise immigrants’ skills, rather than their country of origin, in a post-Brexit shake-up of the visa system and immigration.   The government claimed the move would bring down numbers by capping unskilled migration. However, critics said numbers could go up as more skilled migrants would be allowed in as businesses would be handed more power.   Mr Verhofstadt rejected the proposals outright, insisting the bloc will never accept discrimination based on skills and nationality, as Mr Javid this morning proposed.   On Brexit, we will never accept discrimination based on skills and nationality. We will never accept an extension on article 50. Enough mess has been created by Brexit. Let's stop it! We will never undermine the principles of our Union to rescue the Tory party   Launching an extraordinary attack on senior Conservatives, he continued: When you see these insane notions of some Tory politicians of the last days: Boris Johnson, his latest invention, you have seen that?   He will solve the problem by building a bridge between the Uk mainland and Ireland. Mr Boris Johnson is more known for burning bridges than for building bridges!   Then there’s Mr Rees-Mogg who’s saying ‘yeah, I have the proposals for the future of Brexit, ordinary citizens and their savings can be secure after Brexit!’ and in the meantime he’s opening for himself an investment fund in Ireland, to transfer his money to Ireland.   He added: Jeremy Hunt, who is comparing the European Union with the Soviet Union. But in his case that is not so abnormal: he has once even confused Japan with China. This is not the first time this is happening.   The previous time he was insulting his wife, but this time it’s something far more different: he’s insulting not us, but millions of ordinary citizens who have lived under Soviet rule for so long.   That is, in fact, a point on which he has to apologise, I think because we cannot take it as such a thing he said.    
 		Prost ! 
 		Prost ! 
  
 	where Im from ours would not even Think about doing that and if they did it would not be very medically cost effective  for them to do so. usually if they do it once they have zero  chance of doing it again.  this applies to all officials. Hillbilly areas do not stand for that kind of foolishness 
 	where Im from ours would not even Think about doing that and if they did it would not be very medically cost effective  for them to do so. usually if they do it once they have zero  chance of doing it again.  this applies to all officials. Hillbilly areas do not stand for that kind of foolishness 
 I’m 49 when we fought people died for their flag not just in on the streets in their homes at work places, we know in Northern Ireland how when this starts there’s no going back I’ve seen people lose their lives for their flag. The mainland U.K. is infected with leftists and liberals and a couple of percent Muslim. Brexit is our goal atm. 
 	As an American observer of the Uk.I see Scotland breaking away first.and then the inevitable united Ireland.The Uk will only be of England and Wales 
 		Yea yea yea you ever been here? What they gonna do with 1 million Protestant unionists and the Roi can’t afford us same goes for Scotland. Pipe dreams I live near the border and it’s being blown out of all proportion ffs 
 			We have a plant in Ni.I visit there often 
 				I find this with the occasional American visitor to Northern Ireland, they’ve always got ancestors so that makes them Irish really  (even though they might actually be Ulster Scots Protestant)but like Obama they like to tell us what’s gonna happen in brexit or the Gfa and we just laugh and   
 					I am a Protestant of English and German stock 
 						 never American ffs little cunt loves his German though. You’d go well in the Republic of Ireland they were Hitler fanboys too in the war. 
 They lost then there children came to England to get away from evil like the rest of the worlds run from traitor and run in to the arms of god army not the royal Zionism to hard cunt like my grandad and nan's that was not jews or any other religions just cockney s  
 Is Tommy Robinson? 
 	Muslims = Globalists. Muslims must be completely removed from all western countries. The "Prophet" Muhammad was an illiterate cunt that like to tell a lot of big lies.  
 Cows are female, you're the faggot with your head in the fence 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Simply another case of "Black Victimization Mentality".  She couldn't possibly do  anything wrong when there is a problem because she is a Black victim of racism.  She used the word Chink which is synonymous with the word Nigger but she doesn't get that.   When in doubt play the race card.  
 Libtard Meme Bomb   a meme pak assault against libtards               
 	Is the niglet stabbing the faggot before or after the faggot rapes him? 
 Fox News Network's History Lesson About Defeating Communist Japan In World War Ii    
 	Communist Japan? Wtf are these people smoking? They are literally lying about Japan now. They are rewriting history right before our eyes! 
 				tabloid journalism at fox now. all they have are ditzy blondes and long legs  
 					the obama romney debate 2012 " get the transcript candy" I thought alright, absolute proof of media collusion real time in front of 60 million people, fox analysis was retarded, have not watched fox since, all Tv news is retarded even  is retarded cia mocking bird narrative, check the cameras at rallies, tells you everything. 
 And the award for biggest troll cunt goes too. 
 And the award for biggest troll cunt goes too. 
 Mike Allen:  Linda Sarsour Asks Muslims To Form "Jihad" Against Trump, Not To Assimilate | Video | RealClearPolitics    
 	Why in the hell are they not kicking that rag head feckless cunt out of our country?   
 lol, 2k will stay retarded and never realize why everyone is playing black ops 4 instead of their piece of shit game 
 The guy responsible for this will   be laughed off the planet ! 
 	So they’re creating another one of these?   
 		I look at the Glass as Half Full, I know a Retard is having a Baby1. The Most important thing about all of this, Whenever You are Having a Bad Day, Just remember "She Has a Gynecologist2" 
 		I look at the Glass as Half Full, I know a Retard is having a Baby1. The Most important thing about all of this, Whenever You are Having a Bad Day, Just remember "She Has a Gynecologist2" 
  Is Britain Racist? - YouTube   
 	Need a picture of their pregnant nigger princess 
     Legal Jeopardy. this Fukin Cunt has been hung out to dry, and should be in Criminal court already.    This is what happens when U have a Keepler elf , that is also compromised. 
  
 	The retarded scumbag Npc's are not even remotely liberal.  They are all hateful bigots. 
 	The retarded scumbag Npc's are not even remotely liberal.  They are all hateful bigots. 
 	Your a little late on this video. its been up for a bit now 
 		bye faggot 
 	Yup . Covered Head To ToE To Hide The Bruises 
 	Yup . Covered Head To ToE To Hide The Bruises 
 Thank God the talk with the eu has faild fucking good job now get out a walk away and let the European union die we vote 2 year s ago and we want fuck all to do with that nazie cunt no more talks we fuck had with then close the fucking boarders and channel tunnel no more bollocks out out out walk walk and walk to American not fucking China 
 	She's also a Nigger  
 Like i said assumptions makes a bitch look dumb. You don't fucking know me do not put me in categories. And so the fuck what if i am? Just shows you are a dumb cunt for trying to put people on blast. 
 This is almost as funny as the Trump 2016 election Lol 
 	Elections have consequences, but so do actions, that retarded fuck up obama, turned everything he touched into shit. The Only good thing to come out of the black Marxists’ reign of incompetence & crime spree was that he brought Trump into politics, lol, now they’re really screwed. All of the lefts angst and misery can be blamed on the Retaded Megalomaniac Marxist, watch:       Payback is a mutherfuckin’ bitch Keyna Boy. 
 See the 'Latest News' heading on the homepage at  for details of the October 21 edition of 'Back Tracking' with me on the Uk's Riviera Fm radio. The show is an "October Hit Songs & Tunes" theme focusing on the 1950s & 1940s & featuring offerings from the likes of Sarah Vaughan (pic); Ella; Crosby; Sinatra & many others. 
 	fuckin' nigger 
  
 	Not in the Uk it won't under this government. 
 		you never had a thought tho have you? youre just a lil pedo protector arent you 
 				is that it? you just repeat what i said and call it patter? you aint got no chat son, your just a gullible deluded follower of white groomers thats complicit in child rape by the edl 
 					Yeah retard that is it Antifa support paedophilic Muslims, you support em so that makes ya a bunch of paedo lovers, i don't normally repeat myself but you're obviously very mentally challenged so it appears the only way to even stand a chance of making you understand how people see you as a kid raping cult lover. 
 	Wypipos won't be forced to accept groids' little overused ghetto slang like 'finna' as legitimate Oed-certified words.    
 		What does "finna " mean? I don't understand black ebonics.  
 			It means (short for) Fuck My Nigger Ass. 
 Former Nfl Player Justin Crawford Arrested for Having Sex with a 12-Year-Old Girl      If guilty, he should dangle by his dongle. 
 	Typical fucking nigger antics. 
 For some unknown reason we are all supposed to feel very sorry for Queens frontman Freddie Mercury who fucked around like a rabbit and caught Aids and died from it. What's more, we are now fed all those documentaries about Queen and told how great their music was. It wasn't all that great actually. 
 	Dead Faggot With Aids 
 	Private accounts do nothing if you can communicate by tagging them, it just makes communication a bit of a nuisance.  
 		I just wanted to trigger them since you know their so butthurt and all. 
 		Yeah I've been doing the same, but it's just bothersome doing it. lel 
 	Raviolis Raviolis.time for invasion force made of 100% lolis! 
 	 
 	I love this I accept the diabetes 
 	  Just reminded me why I was looking for this special edit today.  Thanks. 
 	Damnit now I need another pancreas transplant.  
 	Speaking of sweet and cute , I give you Strawberry Marshmallow !  
 She seems distraught. Hahahahahaha! 
 	where's Trump's head? Up her twat ? 
 		You haven't seen her twat  
 		You haven't seen her twat  
 Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
 	Jewish isnt a race  
 		It is an ethnicity with very specific genetic markers. Passed down by the mother. Judaism is the religion that you can join, although it isn't easy. But you can't become a Jew. Why they often have specific facial features that the NatSocs stereotype :) 
 			Utter bollocks! Jewish is a religion and Not a race! Funny l do know! it takes 10 yrs to convert! 
 				HaHa Fella, please stop. Ya killing me. What do you find so hard? Jews follow Judaism Because they are a specific ethnicity. Other people can convert to Judaism but it's quite hard. You cannot become a Jew. You would need a transplantation of Jewish genetics. We can't do that yet. Fooking idiot. 
 						No! Don't think I will fook off. You came to Me with your shite and made yourself look a twat remember. I merely facilitated your efforts. Probably best that You fek off now, before you dig a hole right through to Australia and pop out as an illegal immigrant. Ok! :) 
 							I dont think so cunt l pointed it out your effort because your ego is bigger than your brain. I was rude but you were you dirty old pervert. You think any of those women would look at you? how much does it cost you! Your word on that pervert fook off old man  
 What’s unamerican faggot hvn a different opinion than u ? Ur a lefty scag cuz ur behavior n words mimic theirs. Fuck off communist. Essentially u told him stop noticing things when ur the minority the niggers won’t share ur cowardice. See South Africa. 
 Stacy Abrams needs her ass beat into the ground. Burn our state flag, threaten to erase our history, racist Af, threatens to take our guns.that bitch needs to die! She's gonna trigger action in this state and she will be target #1. Leave us the fuck alone, you Gd feral she-boon dyke from hell! 
 Herschel Walker calls for Cnn to fire Don Lemon over ‘racist’ Kanye West criticism    
 	"Unread negro" = nigger 
 @a is saying that he intends to allow system tools like  to deliberately promote lies that compromise real right wing activity, but you aren't 'entitled' to criticize their lies and convince those he's fooled that he's lying. 
 	When they said Gab was a free speech platform.  They just meant free for a while.  Cash is rolling in, so it's not really about free speech anymore. 
 		Who is Matthew Bracken?  Never heard of the guy.   and I must be going to a different cucked boomer retard day support group. 
 "ya, no" is my favorite from retard npcs like this.   
 You've got no business being a cunt if you fiddle kids bums and your mum is the size of the Millennium Dome daft cunt 
 Why is that cunt swifts face all over the shop? 
 	Actually don't  
 	i'm suprised no one answered yet 
 	i'm suprised no one answered yet 
 .   Schumer: 'If We Did More on Climate Change, We’d Have Fewer of These Hurricanes'   .   If we did something about Chuck Schumer this country would be less divided !   .    
 		Jewmer is a faggot Jew. Prove me wrong.   
 Got a new  for all you peeps today:   , all of its credit cards.   Recent commercial shows an ε-level male kissing his nigger whore oildriller gf on the jumbotron at a basketball game. Apparently, he proposed to her in the script, which would constitute bestiality. Do you want a credit card that advocates the destruction of our race? Hope not- 
  
 		Catholics, Semites And Muslims Are All Ragheads!  All Are The  Enemy Of Caucasians!  
 						How many people have you lynched? 
 							Just you. 
 								Nope, you’re just talk. You talk big but you’ve never lynched anyone. You probably don’t even own a rope. 
 												You should be proud then. You’ve earned it. 
 My genes hate nigger genes. ( < : 
 When Any of the Jew Haters start spewing their hatred I just mute them. But we have to admit that when they are allowed to spread their hatred shooting occur. 
 	This racist genocidal kike cunt still has a job.  Care to comment? 
 they are making a generation of NPCs @a 
 	 
 		He's such a weasel cunt 
 Faggot 
 	good morn em. 
 	Wanna bet? 
 	The President says that it's a tiresome old worn-out loathsome cliche 
 	The President says that it's a tiresome old worn-out loathsome cliche 
 Come Ooooooooooooon!    Is that not  status, or what!         
 	h/t to      This is Amazing!  in front of the Whole World!       
 		If I wear a Yoda shirt to the next Trump rally will that make Star Wars real? 
 			Ahahahahahahahahahah this buttmunch is getting nervous that he's going to look like an irrelevant idiot in front of all of Gab in short order, because of his months of smug Q-denial.    Spoiler Alert: He Is! He's just going to be the last to learn it.    Oh, and it's only going to get better from here, Judge! But I won't spoil that surprise just yet. 
 				even if q were trump himself, what would it matter? nothing q ever said was substantial. 
 					   Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q  is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives.     
 							But proven yourself to be quite the racist. Well, done Npc. 
 								I only call white people niggers.   And since I'm white myself, I can't be racist, because racism is power, plus prejudice, plus not being a stupid white nigger who believes in Qspiracies.   This is the academic definition. Take it up with Harvard if you got a problem 
 When one (white) man questions why he is being forced to go around, a female nigger responds "because I told you to'.   Because I Told You To?   time to send the shock troops to Portland Oregon.  Rahowa.     
 Demon Spawn-Henry  Heckled at  University Speech: 'Rot In Hell'   The former  Secretary of State was accused of complicity in horrific         
 	another Zionist jew cunt that needs to be publicly hung and stoned to death   
 They will both pay for this crime. Assuming the nigger doesn't kill her first.  
       I have figured out what the "Insurance Policy" is! The Dc Madames black book, the Verison phone records, the bank records, the emails, texts, and the Supreme Court Justice Kennedy if it's true he illegally adopted two children from Ireland, the goods on Congress, all combined the Cia, Nsa, Fbi, Doj, etc.has every one in their pockets by blackmail? Proof is on the 47 hard drives whistleblower Montgomery gave to the Fbi. Larry Klayman his attorney tried to get the Congress to see his proof President Trump before elected was spied upon last year. I am posting the link to Larry Klaymans letters to Congress. More information is posted today by me from audio tapes, proof of the testimony before the Fbi in a secret place, and more. Just scroll through my timeline for more proof. Why else would they not talk to him? He had the same proof they Fbi, Cia, Nsa had on Congress with the Dc Madame, and what ever they did. He had not connected the dots, but it is the same time span as the records he had of the spying on Trump for years they paid him to do, along with many others in the sweeps so no one would know who they were targeting. If you sweep every one, there is no trail of the real target. Congress, Trump, and any one else who could run and defeat their plans to destroy America. Pdf link below. I am adding Gem Stones page link to the information she has dug posted here on Gab too, they go together to uncover the evil they are doing to us, and calling it National Security. Please help.keep researching this must be made viral and get as many deep diving putting the puzzle together. Thank you!                                  @a            @a        @a                         
 	Wow, that's a lot of locked up energy.someone needs to take their finger out of the dyke 
 Why are they given immunity whereas a white guy would be jailed .  Muslim protester who hit police officer at Tommy Robinson rally spared jail   
 	Because England is Gone.   Bend over for your Muzzie Love, England.   Enjoy the multiculturalism at it's Rape Anything finest. 
 The Left: You can love whoever you want   Also the Left: If you don’t love who we say, you are a bigot 
 	Ok, still not going to date one. 
 		you say that today; liberals will pass a law that requires you not only date one but marry one and have babies withhim-her-it   De Blasio Signs Bill Adding Third Gender, ‘X,’ To Birth Certificates       note the liberal 'actress' newscaster is reporting this with a straight face 
 			Ok, I'd like to know how? It can't make babies. 
 				oh contraire   liberals say they can do anything their demon minds conceive, even change God's natural laws not in defiance of  but of God Himself   Men having Babies Funds Men who want to be Biological Parents    
 					For the love of sweet baby Jesus make it stop! Enough of this fuckery. 
 						The anger inside will be saved for the battlefield.  
 							Maybe. But not forever faggot 
 I'm somewhat glad for all this Pa heeb business, I'd almost forgotten what a faggot Chuck Nellis is. 
 faggot 
 	Ariana is a tasteless joke.  A sad one. 
 	vomit time  
 	vomit time  
 Gays now and then:   1995: We want to be free from discrimination   2005: We want to get married   2015: Bake the cake or else   2017: Nobody is forcing you to be gay.   2018: 
 	2022: Saying you won't let a faggot diddle your toddler because you're homophobic.  
 		That's token nigger faggot. lol 
 Perhaps if they just learned to leave other people alone and maybe respect the rights of others to speak freely, without having their posts spammed with off-topic and retarded da gasss da ovennssss da holohoaxesss bullshit.   
 "Dont worry guys. When we finally rise up here as The Appalachian White Trash Methno-Superstate sponsored by Copenhagen Fine Cut, your puny faggot states will be conquered, Poc enslaved, women raped, and alcohol/gun laws repealed by sensible(and possibly misspelled) legislation"    
 Does anyone remember this? 
 		And televised. 
 			I hope you will join us for  Dancing with the Traitors.  Live from the White House Lawn. That's right. Live. Friday Nights  8:00 Pm. 7:00 Central  The 6 Place gallows are finished. The ratings will be through the roof. 
 		And televised. 
 		And televised. 
 The Capitol Police have arrested Jackson A Cosko associated with the doxxing of senators.     
 	Faggot Soy Boy Is In A Hell Of A Lot Of Trouble ! 
 Poll: Republicans May See Bump In Turnout, Inspired By Treatment Of Kavanaugh      
 		With gusto. 
 		With gusto. 
 I think the cracker fag is going to beat the brakes off that nigger later on. 
 Bullshit, it's because he was shit at his job. After two years & more than $1m, being left in a position where you're still relying on a third party for complete hosting & where the site could be down for weeks is either retarded or deliberate. Even now the site's still practically unusable. Stop new registrations & visits until you can handle them 
  
 	Wigger 
 Ohhh, you poor little liberal faggot bitch. Maybe you should go back to twitter.  
 But twitter blocks AlexJones ?    <<< Kos 
 	Go back to twatter with the rest of the nut jobs.We really don't care how the smelly twat femanazi's , or the wimpy ass soy boys feel, you all couldn't defend your self  literal if your lives depended on it. and it just might! 
 Is this how you treat shareholders, ?   I said 's plans to colonize Mars were stupid since there are plenty of problems here on earth he could help solve with his resources, and he got triggered and blocked me!    
 		Earth is always going to have plenty of problems. Colonization has always led to advancements  in society, though. So,  colonizing the Moon and Mars will help us in the long run. 
 		I'm sure some dumbshit tried this on Columbus, too. 
 		An argument is still true regardless of who makes them. 
 		Arguments are still arguments even if you don't like the people making them. 
 		Arguments are still arguments even if you don't like the people making them. 
 	Suck a kike dick faggot 
 Our failure to mobilize and litigate on behalf of our political prisoners is more than merely a moral black eye, it's the kind of failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. 
 		Furure "Rallies" should be much less than a dozen elderly activists mounting a "peacefool" protest which triggers the left-tards and protected by 100 Zog piglice protecting these burnouts from a thousand antifa.  Sorta like Jason Kessler's 2018 UtR Rally. It even had a based nigger like Kikester Rapist or Bryan Reo and a Nyc beaner as well as old whigger 
 Saints Rb Alvin Kamara Wears ‘Make Africa Home Again’ Hat and Kaepernick Jersey to Stadium    
 	So when is the nigger leaving? 
 Illinois Times Cartoonist attacked Kavanaugh’s 10 yr old daughter. 
 	redneck battle cry- Kavanaugh!  
 	redneck battle cry- Kavanaugh!  
 If Democrats get control Maxine Waters will run the Financial Services Committee. Remember she made millions voting to bail out her husbands bank for, No Id, No Job, No Citizenship, No Problem home loans. That should even scare the hell out of the South Central L.A. plantation dwellers. 
 	Maxine's stupidity and lack of comprehension is truly  a hole with no bottom.  Can't they make her head of the Dnc or something. 
 			Excellent Handlers, she gets money and perq's, they get her vote. 
 			Excellent Handlers, she gets money and perq's, they get her vote. 
 Silverback Ape Whoopi Goldberg: Trump Is Taking a ‘Giant Dump’ on America  He Is ‘Not a President I Recognize’    
 	 Typical liberal plantation nigger Not good enough to polish the shoes of a black person 
 Vote Red. 
 	Trump voters in a nutshell: All bark and no bite 
 		But guess what? He's still your president. Lmfao! 
 			I would like you to type "popular vote 2016" into your Google search bar. 
 				I’d like you to type in your favorite search engine Vile bitter unmarriable women, scream at Trump with their Pussy.  
 					I wonder if they ever look at themselves and realize how fucking retarded they look.  
 Uh oh, Gab’s Nazis are mad because I pointed out that they live in the past, are technically retarded and that Nazi deeds are ultimately going to obliterate Germany. 
 Very new here and this is my first post. 
 		I am not here for popularity but I will defend Israel and its people every chance I get. Why do they occupy your brain 24/7. you need a hobby or better yet convert to Christ 
 			Prove it. Let me fuck yo wife shabbos. 
 				Christ and I have an understanding, he doesn't fuck with me and I don't worship him.  Now if I could just get his retarded followers on the same page.  I'm not a big fan of "The Cult of Baby Jew."  I don't know if Gary here is keeping up on current events but they ain't helpin' us White people much. 
 					"We get eternal Jeebus reach arounds in heaven if we worship the kikes" = Aids 
 Americans. Not Black Americans. Not African Americans. Americans. Americans.     
 		You would think that for once you'd be happy.  A Conservative agenda means not on your welfare dime.   
 		"You would think that for once you'd be happy. A Conservative agenda means not on your welfare dime. "- A conservative agenda means the Legal Genocide of Whites, vs the Illegal Genocide of Whites(democrat version).  
 		When have so called conservatives ever stopped providing gibs for muds? 
 		You're just a leftshit pimp 
 		You're just a leftshit pimp 
 Men reproduce Mgtow is the farthest thing from manhood. Pua? I’m not sure if this is a really sad reality or a really funny troll. 
 		So you have kids outside of a stable marriage? How modern. You sound like a homosexual. 
 						If you consider every relationship with a woman groveling you’re a broken man(boy) with some serious mommy issues. 
 							If you're stupid enough, to put up with the mental retardation of a woman, you might just be a retard  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Funny how white people who preach anti-racism don't live in nigger or spic neighborhoods. 
  
 	What the holy hell? 
 		This proves it everything the left touches turns to shit a cripple muslim Dalek dyke does it scream Allah Akbar in a Daleks voice ?  
 McSally on how border security impacts Arizona Senate race    
 	I wasn’t sure about Martha McSally at first but having listened to her she will be a very good congresswoman She must beat Sinema 
 		Sinema is a batshit crazy gender bending jihadi cunt 
     This particular group did a few punchy songs which remain classics to this day. This was one of them   Daddy Cool - Eagle Rock    
 		fuck off you aussie hippy cunt 
  
 	You have to be responsible and not retarded with your . 
 	You have to be responsible and not retarded with your . 
 Rt Thomas1774Paine    Maxine Waters responds to mailed bombs: ‘I ain’t scared’     
 	It’s awfully hard to scare a fucking retarded ape. of course she’s not scared. she’s not mentally equipped to process fear. 
 Britain's Muslim in charge of internal law.   Tommy Robinson is banned from entering Muslim enclaves like East London.  90% of the gay bars in East London were forcibly closed down by attacks from Muslims.   East London is a no go area if you are a critic of Islam or you are demonstrably gay.   To non-violent, anti-violence, pro-democracy, best-selling author Robert Spencer, the whole of the Uk is a no-go area.  Because of this Muslim MPs predecessor.    
 	This cunt let them of just like that fuck ing pedo judge in Leeds why one is on the run in Pakistan were he should be sent back here to be but in army prison s and that judge should all so all be but behind bars  
 The facts that he lied, the fact that his college friends said he lied, the fact that each and every one of you guys is a fucking retard and have your voter registration cards pulled. 
 For those who haven't seen this  manual (parts 5 to 8)   "The Antifa Manual - Found on the campus of The Evergreen State College" by jebediah88Aug 8 2017   
 	you must be a faggot  
 she's a twat twit 
 I told myself that I should stop drinking, but why should I listen to some daft twat who talks to himself? 
 	You always put a smile. 
 	Currently I am Drunk too much. 
 	Currently I am Drunk too much. 
 The Allies would tell freshly captured Axis soldiers,    'Enjoy the war while you can - the peace will be terrible'.    Four times more Germans died in the surrender of Germany than during the entire war.     
 		 
 			.Adamelfenbein - That looks like a portrait of your sorry ass cross dressing mother fuckin faggot asshole.  
  
 		You sound upset.  I don't care.  
 		I have a vicious yeast infection  
 		You sound like you have a lot in common with Hillary Clinton now.  Was that your intent?  
 		You sound like you have a lot in common with Hillary Clinton now.  Was that your intent?  
 The British Army takes orders from Terrorists.   Muslim Council of Britain = Muslim Brotherhood    "Members of the Trump administration have pushed to designate the Muslim Brotherhood. a Foreign Terrorist Organization."   
 	And that fucking cair group in Usa 
 		Commie muzzie Linda Sarsour (cockroach translated from Arabic) 
 Ffs's .at what Point will these 'Domestic Terrorists' that used to be  get arrested for Inciting Violence?   "When Republicans go low, We Kick Them"!       Hey Eric.that's why you hold the dubious distinction of being the Only Attorney General in the History of your Country to be Impeached, Fired, KickED Out & Held In Contempt of Congress.well that and your penchant for LYInG.  ---------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 	Who Is Going To Do The 'Kicking' You, Faggot Eric Holder? 
 		All fucking nigger animal abusers must fucking hang. no loss to good humanity. 
 Texas will never go blue again, we remember that drunk cunt Ann Richards. 
 The Allies would tell freshly captured Axis soldiers,    'Enjoy the war while you can - the peace will be terrible'.    Four times more Germans died in the surrender of Germany than during the entire war.     
 	.This piece of shit >----@TruthWillOut <----is a fucking  and a dis-information  working for the assholes in !   There is zero evidence to substantiate that this many germans died. Did some die because they weren't onboard with the 3rd Reich which was 80-90% homosexual? absolutely not! They were doing most of the killing!    
 		J Martus  Wow, someone has bitten off more dicks than they can chew. 
 			.@ISRAEL_DID_911 that is so fucking lame.  the word Kike means nothing and is only a reflection of how retarded you dickheads really are!  asshole.  
 lol its ok.he's a cunt  
 There's a Really Easy Way to teach leftists that sane people are tired of the endless bitching, criticism, insults, and complaints.    "Sinema has always suffered, and continues to suffer from foot-in-mouth disease. For example, in a weird, 2006 interview with the Scottsdale nightlife magazine 944, she said a passel of things that are sure to be brought up by a Gop opponent, including this one, which is far worse than what Rosen said:   "'These women who act like staying at home, leeching off their husbands or boyfriends, and just cashing the checks is some sort of feminism because they're choosing to live that life. That's bullshit. I mean, what the fuck are we really talking about here?'"         Electoral extermination. That is the solution.    Taking All power from the Democrats is the same as making a child sit in the corner for misbehaving. I don't support corporal punishment, but that's because my own parents walloped the shit out of me.    So when I babysat friends and my siblings' kids, I used my mind instead of my hands. You can outwit a child if you don't take things personally. We tend to view children emotionally, so when a child misbehaves, we usually get really angry.    I gained control of kids in ways that didn't humiliate them or breed resentment. What I wanted was a change in behavior.    Electoral extermination is the only thing that will change the behavior of Democrats.     Attached is a photo of my ex-girlfriend's husband. A perfect Soylent Grin. He and she are part of the Resistance.     What he doesn't know is that she's faking. She's actually very conservative. Their whole marriage is a sham. She married him for his money, but it didn't make her happy. Now she's chronically depressed.    When I last spoke to her, she got pissed off at me for letting her drive me away. It was eerie: She'd been married for twenty years and had two kids, and suddenly we were back in our apartment, having an argument. Her entire life after me was gone. It was a mirage.    I knew then that she regretted everything and still had feelings for me, so I broke off contact.     It took Me twenty years to come to terms with losing her, only to find out that I never Did lose her. She was still mine for the asking.    But it's too late. She's lived in a palace for over two decades, and she has a flock of fellow trophy wives who all drink wine glasses from that hold an entire bottle.    "I had one glass of wine with lunch."    Yeah, but there was a full liter of wine in that glass, and there aren't even any drops left. You Dried the glass by sucking every precious atom of booze out of it.    If I took her back, I'd be getting a depressed, alcoholic princess. She killed the person I loved. Only an animated corpse is left.    Leftism itself is an animated corpse. Can't you feel it?    I can.    It makes me the happiest I've been since 1992, when I lost--or didn't lose--the love of my life.    You can't go back. Only the present and the future matter. 
 	Sinema reminds me of a more over the top LIzzie Warren -- she will say what she believes will gather her supporters.and usually she is two days behind the curve and a couple of dollars short.and a miserable bint to boot; I don't just wish her electoral defeat; she needs absolute disgrace and mockery  
 	Sinema reminds me of a more over the top LIzzie Warren -- she will say what she believes will gather her supporters.and usually she is two days behind the curve and a couple of dollars short.and a miserable bint to boot; I don't just wish her electoral defeat; she needs absolute disgrace and mockery  
 I have 200,000 images, I bet I can out spam your Sjw asses. 
 	im reporting all your peado images 
 		i am. ive reported many already, retard 
 Have a feeling many of my  will have a thought . 
 	Tariq is a house nigger on the dem plantation. He's got it good so naturally he stands with his master. Fuck him and the Jew he rode in on.  
 Yes, indeed, Molly, because Harvey Weinstein, Bill Cosby, Anthony Weiner, Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, R. Kelly, Matt Lauer, and Charlie Sheen are all die hard Republicans, right? 
 	dumb cunt 
 You asked why I hate Jews, I told you in great detail why. Instead of even trying to challenge the merits of what I believe, you insult and then mute me. Who's close minded now huh?  I hate them for the same reasons I hate non-whites: Their existence negatively impacts mine. I grew up around New Haven Ct, I got my fair share of diversity and multiculturalism. I'm not a bigot "just cuz" and I don't do this to be edgy.    There were Hassic Jews in my high school and if they weren't weird as fuck about everything,  and if their parents didn't constantly talk shit about white students at Pta meetings, there wouldn't have been a group of white dudes bullying these kike fucks every day. Yea, I thought it was fucked up to be slamming a dude into a locker and stealing his little hat. Looking back, the bastard deserved it. From 8th grade to the day I graduated high school, every classmate that physically bullied me was a nigger or spic. Sure, white classmates would talk shit and sometimes we'd get in fights. I wont deny that I did plenty of bullying and fighting myself, but it was never the uncivilized shit niggers did to white students. You could be minding your own business walking to class and three dindus would ambush you and tell you to run your pockets. If you didn't they'd attack you. You'd go home with a busted lip, mom would ask what happened and then she'd call the school. What got done? Nothing. I'd get to school the next day and get punched for having my mom talk to the principle.    I went through this shit and I saw it happening every day for Years. School administrators and teachers never did anything about it. So naturally I had to be my own guardian and imagine my shock when a bunch of us white guys decided to do to the coons what they'd been doing to us. Racism and anti-semitism are natural. Now I see this shit on the internet and in the news every single day. If niggers and kikes don't want to be hated by whitey, they shouldn't go out of their way to fuck with us. 
  
 	End it! & any cunt that has any dealing,s with it.= out ta fuck 
 Faggot lord 
 What happened to Bradley Manning was likely a warning shot to anyone else who was considering leaking information against the government's wishes. 
 	Bye bye dick, now you’re just another ugly lib cunt that nobody wants to fuck or listen to. No taksie backsies on that wang either. 
 Do your part! Take the retarded sheep of the right to a local shelter to get them fixed- Protect The Genepool From Right Wing Retards! 
                    #Q 
 	Manic Progressives Produce Comedy, Not Wins. It Only Gets Worse For You, Cupcakes!  Pathetic. Flailing. ! Here's A Gift, So You Can Remember How Ridiculous You Clowns Are.    #Q    
 		What Kind of nonsense is this you people are fucking retarded u ppl are morons with your white supremacist boogie Man shit it's pretty clear with  the last two years who's really fascistic in this country and it's not the white people .  
    Time for fun. :)   Rammstein - Du Hast    
 		fuck off aussie faggot 
 Its this faggot right here because he slipped up the last time and posted with this account.  Apparently youve been added to his list. 
 go back to posting cartoon chinks on 4chan you faggot 
 Excellent discussion on the future.   The Roper Report (Trr) On Dissident Discources w Faust 2018-10-16      **********                  
 	roper is a fucking two-faced, spineless, nutless cunt 
 	Lol bet he hasnt flown outta the Us  ask him where africa is on the map   dumb fuck 
 	You do not like it here. think you be better in Africa, have at it. Delta is ready when you are. 
 		I hope you mean cargo planes. :) And that is a very noble thought. I would not be so nice, I have to admit.   
 	Just do it. 
 	Africa is in dire need of all of these doctors, and neuro-surgeons!  Talent such as this must be shared by all of Africa! 
 	Africa is in dire need of all of these doctors, and neuro-surgeons!  Talent such as this must be shared by all of Africa! 
 Morning BritFam! Have a fabulous Monday!  
 		Thanks for your comment posted on Britfam, Dave. It shows that you know nothing about Shazia or the British, so why comment here? 
 		Thanks for your comment posted on Britfam, Dave. It shows that you know nothing about Shazia or the British, so why comment here? 
 And Jeff Wondered Why He Never Got Invited To THe Family Reunions Or His Friends Parties Ever Again? But At-Least He Has THe Retarded Crime Impulse Driven Child To Look FOrWARD To. 
 Something tells me this is probably a good follow list because it's all the people that just got tranny porn spammed along with me.       @ProleSerf                 
 	Yeah I get spammed tranny porn a lot, it makes me laugh tbh.  It feels nice knowing that I triggered some faggot 
 Lol everytime I try and go to one of the  Boys pages  it is showing 404 I hope he's one of the Pos the Fbi is investigating .let me see if I can find that other Pos  
 	Star princess gone too  yer crackin me up this morning.  
 		Yeah but some of the trash is still her like Cyph and faggot boy Jd .got one Pos trying to do me like they did Gee and Copy My Id and use a Picture of methat they got off of Dijjys Youtube page  
  
 	careey what the fuck are you still doing in our country  don t you want to live with your faggot leader in canada stop talking through your ass ,and what the fuck are you saying We your not American go fucking home  
 	Mexicans came from Spain? 
 		Actually Mexicans are a mixture of the Aztecs, Toltecs, Mayan  etc. tribes native to Mexico, and the conquering Conquistadors from Spain. Hybrids. 
 			Some probably were willing, but most probably not, so, yes, rape babies. 
 								The Spanish were the ones with all the guns, plus they brought all their diseases and decimated the native population. 
 																	Niggers were Egyptians, yet we have. 
 This dude is in London. London has one of the largest Government surveillance systems in the world.  Only in American can a traitor walk free and talk shit about America   
 		What happened in America where you went from putting men on the moon to the retarded inbreds that you are today?  
 This nutcase Demanded an investigation, but now wants the results to be withheld.    
 	Lying, scheming, communist, cunt should be drug out by her hair and shot.  
 Ah yes, that's why Nigger women are very much sought-out by Whites. They are indeed the bottom of the barrel.   Did you just admit that you are 'the fucking Man' because you claim to have a White woman? That is one of the most-racist statements I have ever seen. You just admitted that you are not a 'man' without a White woman on your arm. Sad, really. 
 nigger 
  
 	Cunt 
 Im not a Dr Who fan but I'm sick and tired of traditionally male roles being given to women.   I wouldn't want Ripley to be played by a guy in Alien.   I wouldn't want Lara Croft to be played by a guy in Tomb Raider.   So why are all the male roles always being hijacked by the muh. diversity! brigade? 
 	Cunt hiLIARy supporters and (soon to be dead) George Soros are all mad because of the big loss they suffered in 2016. This is pay back.  
 Published on 12 Sep 2018   Pharaoh's Aristocracy use their White Slaves to rob Black Slaves; now all together in The One Empire   [embedyt]     ~ Central Intelligence Agency 
 	is it white people's fault they are naturally more intelligent than blacks?  I don't think so. 
 		oh please enough yet with the pc liberal nigger loving bs!  I despise blacks and Imho the world would be a much better place if they all disappeared. 
 	The Water was in the atmosphere, remember Noah "saw the sun," eh.from the beginning the water was all s s pended in the atmosphere.eh? and then it let loose, and down it came, and the sun. Would this give you 2 something to think about.eh? 
 		Another moronic cunt to mute. 
 		No such place as Lake of Fire ! 
 			Keep telling yourself that. I used to say the same thing. 
 				Well, Prove it by using Scripture ! 
 					Are you commanding me? I'm not here to prove a damn thing to you, asshole. 
 						Well, U'r positive Hell is a real Place, How Do U Know ! 
 							I'm agnostic but you can't have one without the other fool.    You have good and bad.    How do you know they are real?  Cause that's what your mamma and pappa told you.  That's how.  And until your a man?  You shouldn't be questioning that now should you?    So the real question is.    Are you a Man?    I somehow doubt it. 
 		Right On! 
 Does anyone know what happened to     Looks like the Nazi's finally won and he got removed.    It is the Nazi's that should have been muted. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Like Father Like Son: Tim Kaine Calls on Democrats to "Fight in the Streets!".Just Like His Antifa Son Did Before His Arrest    Like Father Like Son: Tim Kaine Calls on Democrats to "Fight in the Streets!" .Just Like His Antifa Son Did Before His Arrest (Video)  via  
 	I'll fight him or his faggot son and I'm old. 
 Resignations possible this weekend over Brexit deal - Shock warning on Bbc Newsnight.   Lets hope so and get this ball rolling     
 	cunt  defines 
 	there you go talking about gay porn that you watch. nobody cares 
 		He doesn't care because he gets all the gay sex without needing to get porn. 
 		Your posts sound like you listen to a lot of gay ben shapiro.  almost like you are attempting to emulate him. 
 		so sad so sad 
 		You're so gay.  So gay. 
 		Id delete all your gay posts so people wont be able to pick on you, especially me. 
 		You should stop having homosexual intercourse so people won't be able to pick on you, especially me. 
 		You should stop having homosexual intercourse so people won't be able to pick on you, especially me. 
 Execute This Evil Cunt    
 New here just saw a post on twitter and figured I’d try this out ^^ tired of people trying to silence me for just stating my opinions 
 	Well @a is silencing people for posting lolis, so back to the search. 
 		You're a fucking moron. No one wants your pedo shit anywhere near this platform. Here's an idea - how about you and all your loli loving faggot friends get the fuck away from the rest of us.  
     Pocahontas attacks Ice 
 	Twat  
 	Twat  
 the interet literally got inocent people killed. this is not a joke. this is not freedom of speech.  the internet needs to be decommissioned. everyone on it is a pedophile/murderer. the internet needs to be decomissioned and all the users need to be imprisioned.   see how retarded you sound? 
 90% of african slaves in the usa were owned by individual farmers.the mega plantations were owned by christian people.the jews involvement in 99% of ownership ended when the nigger or irishman got off the boat 
 Who will the deep state establishment parade in front of the American people with the claims of being the bomb maker(s)?   Fake Trump supporters?   Antifa Terrorists?   Fascist College Professors?   Redneck Revolt?   Pink Pussy Hats?   This is another failure of left wing nuts. 
 Who will the deep state establishment parade in front of the American people with the claims of being the bomb maker(s)?   Fake Trump supporters?   Antifa Terrorists?   Fascist College Professors?   Redneck Revolt?   Pink Pussy Hats?   This is another failure of left wing nuts. 
 Former Nfl Player Colin Kaepernick Gets Award From Harvard and claims "'Love is at the root of our resistance, and it will fortify everything we do'     
 		Like our honours list every year, these awards are becoming meaningless due to the people who are receiving them.  
 		Like our honours list every year, these awards are becoming meaningless due to the people who are receiving them.  
 San Francisco has a 'Poop Patrol' to deal with its feces problem, and workers make more than $184,000 a year in salary and benefits    
 	I'll bet u have to be a Friend of the Mayor, a Chinaman to get that $71K! 
 Toronto Against Abortion Attacked by Bull Dyke at Ryerson University  
 Orwells 1984 Hate Minute!  Democrat Npc's.  There is no difference!  A Democrat/Lefty is merely a polluted thumb drive of Jew misinformation!  Jews are Liars! 
 	Boy! What An Accurate Statement 
 		This has been a fact for a long time.  Here is my desciption of a Democrats brain! Democrats are all Retarded.  This is a simple fact.  But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons.  Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place.  Most immigrants fall into this category.  The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling.  They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function.  Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet.  They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive.   All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway.  They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction.  Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather.  They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains!  
 			Not one from a Communist. Thank you though. 
 							Well I guess you are a Jew then. And in that case.   Hell no. 
 											My nigger neighbors being considered my equal   Bonus: I hear them all the time too 
 Writer for the Colbert Show wrote this Tweet yesterday.  She deleted it and locked her account right afterwards.   We will make sure this vile Tweet gets around so the American people know where to place their vote in November! 
 	ariel is a brainless twat. her twat is how she survives in life. her last name is Dumbass. its spelled wrong 
 A Message From Oregon Police Chief Danielle Outlaw     
 	No wonder Portland is a cesspool.   A raging Faggot for Mayor & a sub human specie of pig for Police Chief.  :-(((( 
 Taylor Swift endorsing Democrat is one thing, but to come out at the AMAs and diss all Republicans/Conservatives, and Trump. Called us Evil.   You burned half your base, if not more.       
 		She's a pop tart of no particular education, constantly surrounded by lefties in the entertainment biz. I'd be shocked if she came out as anything else. 
 	You cunt should  take a leap off a cliff with a rope necklace 
 	Would have been better if he was just either tossed in some cargo plane in a box, or crammed into a shipping container and sent oversees. Fucking pathetic how hard the retarded lemmings long for their own demise, this is why I don't trust "democracy" with fucks like this running around. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Blocking is not censorship. You can still say whatever you want. Just not on my original post. Like you can say whatever you want, just not in my house.  
 		oh, look, it's a retarded boomer 
 Lol this story is funny.   
 	how about we kill the niggers. bring more ammo. this scrawny piece of nigger shit is pointing 2 guns at his empty head with his big mouth sucking air 
 Imagine having this much of a victim mindset. Truly pathetic. 
 	Woman Is The Nigger Of The World (Remastered 2010)  via  
 Whoever came up with the idea for  might just end up in an Arkansas dumpster this morning.    
 	Na if it was a hillbilly from Arkansas the bombs would have been real and would have went off but those wer prop bombs made to look like they wer real 
 	Na if it was a hillbilly from Arkansas the bombs would have been real and would have went off but those wer prop bombs made to look like they wer real 
 You keep reeling off with these intricate gay nigger fantasies. Call a shrink. A fat bearded big nosed Jew shrink. They're tops. 
   show him this:   
 	half nigger total shithead 
 Guy Fieri's green salsa is a jar of retarded faggot puke.   And That is an objective fact, people.   Once you put celery in your salsa, you can Fuck All The Way Off and keep fucking off until you find somewhere to cash in your chef hat and testicles. 
 The guy responsible for this will   be laughed off the planet ! 
 	if she didn't have a twat she would be completely useless. 
 how come Jack does not ban her. why does a conservative get banned for the f word and this twat does not? Jack explain to me? crickets 
 Eminem Venom Tells Fans That Satan Is Knocking At The Door To Let Him In.(ILLUMInAtI Exposed)    
 	Satan told me , fuk enimen he is a faggot and not welcome 
   Milano: We've got more lies than you have candidates so we'll win in the long run. 
 		goddamn but I love you!  
 		goddamn but I love you!  
 If the people of Central America are so nice, why doesn't George live there?  
 	Who cares what this faggot says 
 The laughable leader of the UKs Labour Party claims he is ready to be Prime Minister.what a deluded munter, I wouldn't trust that twat to run a bath.  
 Democrap nigger beeyach Busted for stealing republicans fliers! These are the kinds of sub-human, lying, cheating, thieving, filthy animals the Democraps want you to vote for!    
 #München: Fahnder ziehen ein änisches Pärchen, einen Rumäne sowie einen nigerianischen  als Taschendiebe auf der Wiesn aus dem Verkehr    
 	Schraipfeeler:  Das sollte wohl Nigger ianischen heissen ? Ok Bajuwaren halt. 
 Tommy Robinson was photographed with a group of young soldiers during a chance meeting at a motorway service station. These lads have now had their phones seized and are being "investigated" by the British Army who buckled under  pressure from muslims.    I am pretty close to breaking point - this is an outrage and it is clearly being made into an issue by our enemies.    Please, if you feel angry about this or simply want to show support for our troops over the spineless middle class who can wet themselves when muslims complain.    Please sign here - www.StandWithOurLads.com 
 	I'm angry but I'm American so my fury doesn't count. All our Great former English Patriots are turning in their graves. King William I,  Henry Viii, Edward Iii. 
 		Churchill  He knew the only good Muzzie was a dead Muzzie 
 Get that up you you raghead bitches ha! 
 	If poverty causes crime, why is West Virginia safe lawful and orderly compared to Any Nigger Infested Hellhole? Race matters more than guns or poverty. Stop Cucking.   
 	If poverty causes crime, why is West Virginia safe lawful and orderly compared to Any Nigger Infested Hellhole? Race matters more than guns or poverty. Stop Cucking.   
 America is under attack! Picture 2016, Minnesota House of Representatives swearing in hand on Koran. What is she swearing allegiance to? Soon to be elected to Minnesota Congress, no Republican opposition. Pro immigration working hard to import more immigrants to America.Supports sharia law, Hillary Clinton, is a liberal democrat who backs abortion. 
 	What A Cunt She Is Living A Lie Fuck Her And Her Cave Beast HIsTORY . 
 I never signal against it because it is based on a strategy that makes sense. It is a form of acceleration. The only thing I argue vs is the pure shilling of pretending the Gop is on our side or that we are taking it over etc. That shit is just dumb 
 	I don't think voting Republican is a good strategy for Wn.   It means more years of movement inaction. More years of white complacency. More years of forking over American tax dollars to Israel.   I'll pass.  
 		I am more in line with you because the Obama years radicalized Whites like crazy. The strategy they are going for is to try and provoke the left into making a mistake. 
 			I'm skeptical that the Left will actually riot in substantial numbers.   Antifa seem to be waning for the most part.   Leftists know that demographics are on their side anyway. They just need to wait for the last of the GIs and the Silent Generation to die off.    
 				My problem with the strategy is the Gop agenda which will not provoke anyone but a complete lunatic leftist - it is that boring and irrelevant. Now if they were going to do the wall, that would make it interesting. I just don't know if the Gop being in power alone will mean anything for us. 
 					In the long run, "triggering the libs" backfires terribly. Nigger radicalism worked for them. Second wave feminism worked for them.   Unlike whites, the pet constituent groups of the Dnc actually feel like they are under siege, and that's when they work overtime to ram their agenda through. 
 "T.I. posts a video of a Melania Trump lookalike stripteasing for him at the Oval Office."   I don't know what you guys think but it really seems like rappers and celebrities think they are above everyone nowadays.    
 	Nah, it's just that when you have 25 million shitheads in southern California and they buy your album, hell, fuck the rest of the world, that's all the money you need right there.     It's like when I see what's trending on Youtube. 2 million view to watch some asshole eat a burger in Los Angeles. At least 1.5 of those views are from the area, I'd bet. 
 		The Nigger admitted his own racial inferiority by having a White bitch be his 'stripper'. 
 Netflix accused of duping black viewers into watching white shows.    Quick someone call Al Sharpton and get to the bottom of this Jim Crow Company Asap     
 	hey everyone let's racialize literally everything that's not ethnocentric and retarded or anything. 
 Breaking ! Suspect in custody after Tree of Life Synagogue Shooting in  . He said, "All  Must Die!" 
 	To find out if the shooter had accomplices, he should have his digits sliced off one by one until he spills all he has to tell. 
 		But we already know he has accomplices.   Each and every radicalized piece of shit Terrorist neo nazi faggot here on Gab are accomplices.   and perhaps, even Gab itself, since they will do Nothing to clean up the shit they spew here day in and day out.  "Free speech", don't you know. 
 ‘Last Jedi’ Director Tweets Study Blaming Film’s Backlash On Russian Bots      
 	Heaven forbid the film was just a piece of shit and he's looking to put the blame on anyone or anything,,,, Remind you of the Cunt Hrc. 
 	The fuck kind of name is Shonterikka 
 		Black Women Live In A Different World Than Normal People. Black Women Are Owed EVERYTHInG. When They Are Racist It Is Ok. And Just Like THIs Black Twat She Will Tell You So.  
      
 	Good! Fuck them!  
 		The Reason why there's so many of these Spic invaders, is because our Aid (Money/Food) has Caused the Overpopulation of these Turd World Shit Holes. Just like the Aid to Africa, they Eat, they Breed & then there's enough of them to invade the Us & Europe. We get a Knife in our Backs for our Efforts & Kindness (White Man's Achilles Heel). 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Typical nigger behavior  
    whats her chinaman say? 
 	Things will get worse tenfold by 2020. Mark my words.  
 		They are fine now, if Feds would stop raising interest rates ever 3 months, send illegals home and banks would stop the god damn sub prime mortgages they started back up to screw the housing market, move scum into good areas.  
 		They are fine now, if Feds would stop raising interest rates ever 3 months, send illegals home and banks would stop the god damn sub prime mortgages they started back up to screw the housing market, move scum into good areas.  
 	Point of fact is that if you judge a man by his character rather than his color you will find many a black man well preferable to yourself. Many Black People Who Are Better Than You! 
 		You get what you look for in life. Your filter of hate excludes you from the best 
 			You are a Blinded Weak Minded Fool & are Excluded from the White Race as a Traitor to all. 
 				Fuck you! You do not make up the white race you are a fringe of lunTics that happen to be white moron! 
 					Flattered you attribute such power! Me stopping you? You are a sinner deceived by Lucifer you follow doctrines of devils the fruit of your religion is Fear we are being cleansed hatred faggot nigger kike  
 		Yes as you keep saying. Yet you have utterly failed on every occassion to produce one single anti-white post of mine. Saying other races are ok too is not being anti-white. Only in your mental brainstem. And it's no use pretending I'm Jewish to hide your shock. Most normal white folk feel the same as me :) 
 					Your open admission of your befuddlement (& your grossly inadequate vocabulary) is appreciated.   But your continued feeble attempts at prevarication are pathetic.   Every post of yours is a vitriolic, incoherent attack on anyone who dares to express any positive White identity.   Cite a single post where you have attacked a non-White for their identity. 
 							I appreciate your open admission that toxic, hate-filled semitism has so distorted your "thinking" that you reflexively misperceive Any form of White identity as "hatred". and any form of non-White identity as "good."   An interesting pathology. 
 														1. Spontaneously admits that he simply reacts "automatically"  2. Confused, incoherent, ad hominem-filled rant  3. Zero thought, but just chock-full of feelz  Ladies and gentleman, this is the archetypical anti-White 
  
 	Also set a gofundme page like Blasey Ford. 
 		Don't sugar coat your brand; just say it: nigger muslem.  
 Trump Suggests "Rogue Killers" May Have Murdered Missing Saudi Journalist    Yes, Trump is right about " rogue killers", Sa cleaned up their act and the Deep State traitors are attempting to start either a war or a split in the Alliance. It won't work. Trump and the White Hats know who is responsible for this propagandists disappearance, and it isn't the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. It's very easy to see who is responsible due to how the Traitor Msm reacts to this.    On another note, it appears that the Zero Hedge message boards have been hijacked by NPCs and communists. Zero Hedge is one of the best sites for real journalism and real news, they aren't perfect, but better than most. But I have noticed a whole lot of arrogant commies bashing the president on this site. Maybe Media Matters and the faggot pedophile David Brock have targeted Zero Hedge as of recent. I dunno but these people make me want to punch them through the screen. Fucking NPCs.    
 	How many more arrests are we going to tolerate from the God-Emperor?   When are we finally going to say enough is enough?   Ffs, AltRight grow a damn spine already!  
 		No wall, caravans coming from Central America, $30 billion for Israel, Antifa given a free hand to riot, Alt-Right groups arrested and prosecuted by Doj, destroyed monuments and of course mass censorship. Point any of this out and the response is "Trump said he was a nationalist!" 
 			you're right, serial killer Hillary would have been Much better 
 					You:  "you're an Npc! der hurrrr hyuk hyuk hyuk" 
 								Do you like Ivanka? She's quite attractive, isn't she? An exemplar of Aryan beauty if I ever saw one.   Guess who gets to pork her every single day? 
 								to put it short, Gop are Zionist shit, The word "Aryan" was only a general term used in the early 1900s for people of European descent (like the word Anglo or Caucasian), no matter what Jewish propaganda and wanna-be Nazis tell you, this is what it is. I've never claimed to be "Nazi" even though I love and admire Hitler, but I think modern neo-Nazis are fucking retards cause they model themselves on the Jewish definition of "Nazis", refusing to really understand what Hitler was doing for "Germany" and not "white people", and instead jerk-off to clownish used-car-salesman Larpers like  George Rockwell, never learning from their mistakes, just repeat them over and over since post WW2 and can't be reasoned with cause they're too hung up on 'muh white victimhood', they claim white blood is superior but also claim it so fragile it would be obliterated by contact of a single drop of non-white blood, they want to cry about Antifa, but not willing to sacrifice their own freedom to make a fatal example out of them, they're folly is always trying to make it 'white vs. the world', and alienate anyone who thinks outside their bubble, instead of realizing the Jew is everyone's problem, so until they realize this, they will remain a useless minority who get crushed again and again by Kikes, Good-Goys and Leftist Scum, because numbers is not their strong point, nor do they care for it to be, they prefer ideology, sloganeering and pipe dreamy end-results without having to actually work for it. 
 	Antifa: I tell Nazis to get out of Portland! As they assault, burn, and threaten conservatives 
 	If you want free health care, shoot these fucks and let the government pay your medical bills. 
 		Let them shoot themselves.  
 		Here, I’ll even supply the gun. 
 		Here, I’ll even supply the gun. 
 He's a twat 
 Nyt: You are hired! 
 	This thing (women?) is the worst pos I have seen in like.forever! I have Never heard such foul things coming from another as I have heard from her. She is Pure Evil. 
 		Only a totally evil cunt would wish that on any one. Lesbianism is a serious mental disorder. 
 Fuck me who gave this cunt a gun?    
  
 	Fried chicken in expansion pack. 
 		Don't forget the brightly colored nigger nike's. 
 So you wanna welcome inbred morons who no sense of decency, morals and intelligence and think that's a good idea? Retarded.just retarded 
 Rt :    Senator Susan Collins is the mother & grandmother of white women in America who gave us a Donald Trump presidency. The 53%.   She is a disgrace & her legacy will be that she was a traitor to women and marginalized communities. History will not treat her kindly.  
 		She's going to be used as a test case when we start stripping paper-Americans of their birthright citizenship, calling it now     
 				Water boarding in Gitmo and dehydration in a Fema camp aren't severe enough. She needs to have her labia and clitoris removed and acid splashed in her face before becoming a fuck doll to a gangly toothed sand nigger who beats her nightly.  Get on my level. 
  
 	And a muzzie bitch to boot! 
 Halloween special!   Buy one, get one free.   Real life corpse bride, and a jewlet vampire as an extra item.   Contact Marcus Anderson, Soho House for details.   Happy Halloween! 
 		Who can? Apart from bisexual wigger  Harry and people who pretend to like her for his sake Lol  She is downright creepy and very much on ugly-ish side- despite all the plastic surgery, botox, bleaching, hair straightenings. 
 Hillary Clinton calling for more violence against anyone who isn't liberal.    
 		I will bring a case of wine! 
 			I'll supply the chili verde and tequila! 
 				I believe that will make me very squiffy indeed, but hey, it's the celebration of the century when the witch is dead! 
 		Ill bring cheering girls. 
 		Ill bring cheering girls. 
 	 
 	 
 	 
 Good!   Staffer who 'doxed' Gop senators faces nearly 50 years in federal prison   Story:  
 	Until I see him die in prison I won't put too much faith in the system to lock this faggot up 
 There was never a more Treacherous lying leader than this Bitch, She is selling me and you out to the Eu, But if she thinks that we are going to sit here and doo nothing but let her then she is sourly mistaken? 
 	And carrot is up.her cunt hole  
 		So true.  It's part of their unwarranted high self esteem. 
 		So true.  It's part of their unwarranted high self esteem. 
 Got out Kali voter info. Faggot newsom info says it all. 
 I just mute the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. :) 
 Oh go fuck yourself you retarded fucking cunt. 
 Here We Go Again. Hillary  Coughs Uncontrollably at Mansfield College - Requests Water (Video)  via  
 		 
 		 
 It doesn't matter what it is - if it doesn't belong to you and you take it, it's theft.  
 	No moral values left.  
 		It takes a sign "That Fucking Big" to get thru to Retard "PussyHats" 
 Wetback men are being beaten & tied naked onto poles in Mexico   I was washing my hair at the time.         
  
 	That's a trailer park stretch limo 
 		Redneck limo ? 
 Most of these back to nature cults could be wiped out by a Swat team.   The tougher ones would require a few drone strikes.   If they got really out of hand there are always atomics. 
 	Dread, I like you, but you would be a horrible general.    1. Why would you care about a Nature Cult? Either they are destabilizing your whole Galactic Empire (which means Everyone is watching) Or they are occupying resources you need.    2. You kill them all and you can spark a wider rebellion. You bomb them off the planet and you destroy the resource you wanted. 
 		The scenario goes like this.   The hard right retreats into the wilderness.   Meanwhile the globalist left retains and increases its political power, while the corporate division develops robotic weapons.   When their control over 99% of the country is secure they mop up the last 1%.   No wider rebellion will occur because no living man will witness the mopup. 
 			But what if Sheniqua pushes Backspace and Shift at the same time while operating those nuclear napalm drones? 
 				They're autonomous drones, the core team in the situation room will be 160 Iq Stanford grads only. 
 					Your theory has holes big enough to drive a Dyson Sphere through, but I'll bite.    The avg elite Iq is (((said))) to be 140+. How do you get to 160? How do you get psychopathic Machiavellian Zog lizards to Let them be the ones in the room? How do you even get 160 Iq Stanford grads with Diversity instruction from pre-k up? 
 						Jews are such fucking Liars!  They are command and control satanic software programs.  Jews are Retarded as they have no intelligence! All they can do is memorize!  Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.  Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.   Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are.  
 How good would this be.   
 	Next ! Ok by me 
 		Would the Old Cunt even know it if she was? 
  
 	Another example of the sick, twisted, barbaric ideology Justin Trudeau and his liberal accomplices are flooding Canada with. 
 		Idiot! That faggot would be straight off the top of the nearest tall building! 
 Romancing the ass. 
 	I am against you.  I disagree with homosexuality.  
 			This man is a god hater and will be cast into hell by an angry God. 
 				You are a closet faggot hiding behind god. You will burn along side the pope. 
 Hey Torba, Faggot Vox Day is gloating about your sitrep. Pray for u to put that petty bastard in his place. 
 Winston Churchill, I am told by people who know, had fucked up every job he ever held, nearly cost Britain the war with Nazi Germany and was a man of very low moral standing yet he is praised as an outstanding politician and a staunch conservative which he was not. 
 	Yes he was a disaster a nonce homosexual alcoholic but a good zionist puppet.   Haye the fat cunt 
 		Look at some fucking Facts!  Just because you are brainwashed retarded with all the Jew holohoax bullshit does not make it True!  17 million German's suffered the holocaust by the akseNAZI Jews just as the Russian's suffered 66 million deaths by the same askeNAZI Jews!  Jews are fucking Liars!  But you won't look at actual Facts will you? The Jews were the only population that Increased during WW2.  America fought and has always fought on the wrong side of every war! This is the Truth!  Whatever a Jew accuses someone of they are guilty.  Jews are Liars! 
  
 	Wow What A Useless Cunt  
 	Wow What A Useless Cunt  
  Liberals are the ones with a mental illness.  It's like a zombie plague in America today.  
 	navarro is a leftist plant in the GOPeee and a retard 
 This was a real Redneck.      One hot summer day, a redneck cowboy came into town with his dog. He tied his dog under the shade of a nearby tree and went into the bar for some ice cold beer.      After about 20 minutes a policeman came into the bar and asked who owned the dog tied under the tree. The redneck said that it was his.      The policeman said, "Your dog seems to be in heat."      The redneck cowboy replies, "No way thet theres dog is in heat---she's cool because I got her tied under the shade of the tree."      The policeman says, "No! No! You don't seem to understand - - -  your dog needs to be bred."      "No way", the redneck says, "Thet dog don't need bread and she ain't howngry, because I fed her beef some jerky just this morning."      Now the policeman gets mad and yells out to the redneck; "No! No! No! You don't seem to understand, your dog wants to have sex!"      The redneck looks at him wryly like and says, "Well go ahead then. I always did want a police dog!" 
 	Ty I need that. 
 	Ty I need that. 
 White people can't talk about racism!   
 		talking to a nigger is like talking to a 6 year old child. talking to a muslim is like talking to a nigger with a towel wrapped around it's head. 
 It just amazes me Americans allowed niggers to convince them it was ok for niggers to say nigger but not us, it seems most Americans are stupid as shit. 
 MOSSADthots 
 	I saw a stream with Loomer, Faith, Roosh V and Davis Aurini, strange thing was Roosh and Davis both were being nice to Loomer.  Faith likes this retard as well!  Metokur went to town on her but I'm really surprised she blew up anyway despite being exposed as a stalker, liar, doxer and plain loon. 
 Looking at your photo and the 2 fruit bags in your title photo.I wonder how a pencil necked Geek made it to old age without being molested by gangs of females lusting after your inability to earn money or get it up.  Posting Gays gives it away.you like boys. 
 	Soon you will run out of Memes/Gifs.and then you'll have to use your brain. In the mean time,I have a Family to take care of. Try looking at your Title Photo of retarded Gay Boys,and then imagine me showing it to my kids,as they laugh at you. Believe me.they are. 
 Federal Judge Blocks Trump Administration's Termination of Tps   [A Chinese Judge Blocks the Will of the People. What is it about the Chinese living in The Usa who bite the very hand that feeds them and show Zero loyalty to Us!]    
 	Its Criminal That Any Faggot Federal Judge Can Stop A Presidential Order. 
 Hostility To Religious Believers? Wait. Some trolls try to argue those who appreciate  follow a Q-based religion or cult? And then attack daily on the basis of that contrived label? Coincidence?  Who likes weaponized labels?   
 		 
 		 
 Isis had their own gold coin currency from oil under Pos traitor Obama, he propped economies. just not ours. 
 	Traitor Muslim Faggot needs to be hung on national television. 
 			Quote 'S Post   : be quiet nigger   Hey looky here a jew with a prayer. Hey jew clutch it like a pearl necklace in Greenwich Village you Nyc Tel Aviv gay boy'n wanna be jet setter.   Jew plan to repeat yourself or repeat me until another goat wanders too close to your zio-monster and you need comfort.    Fuck it'n your dog shit terrorism jew. 
 Trump scandal - sharp increase in Gop testosterone abuse  
 	work the balls sand nigger 
 		Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 			I know he allegedly is.   You daft Bastard  
 							1000 to 1, I ***Guarantee*** you are totally ignorant of genetics and what a white person is.   It's filth like you that cause the hatred of whites, when white folks are the least racist, nicest, least rapey people on the planet. 
 																			For the third time, Downbreed, I wasn't talking about King Tut, I was talking about Europeans.   And yeah, I realize that's eternally too complicated for your genetically distorted tiny brain. 
 Yea, that's probably what it was that got me on the list now that you mention it. I was sharing Ricky's stuff on Twitter during the election and for a little while after on Gab until I realized he was a massive faggot who was not to be trusted. Like I said in my previous comment, I've come a long way over the past couple of years. It's embarrassing to look back and see some of the shit I used to post when I was still consuming kosher red pills. It was actually people like yourself that helped me get to where I am now. 
 faggot 
  
 	Why is there always one white ginger soulless cunt among the mohammedan number? 
 	If only  
 	If only  
 Nobody was ever physically assaulted 4 their political beliefs in America before the sore loser democrats called 4 violence vs. their political opponents! They all need to be Arrested 4 inciting violence & civil unrest against political candidates! End this abuse by extreme left wing activists Now! 
 	Nigger privilege. Any one of us would be arrested by now. 
 Remember.    
 	Fbi said they wer pvc pipes with holes drilled in end caps filled with pyrotechnics so if they wer set off they would be like a bottle rocket without the stick( no go boom ) just smoke and wires they wer made to look like a bomb . without compromising the charge no boom just smoke they wer smoke booms 
 		When I was a youngster I liked to make tree stumps fly it was fun stuff me and my brother tried all kinds of stuff and found out a lot about what it takes to make stuff blow up . I am no pro just a hillbilly who ain't as dumb as I type .and I like to add a bit of southern redkneck in my post  
 That’s probably the most retarded thing I’ve read today. What will you do when muh fabulous career is over and you have no children or husband to spend the remaining 40 years of your life with? I guess cats will have to do. But at least you weren’t a voluntary slave. 
 Women who place so-called 'careers' over the welfare of their kids are child abusers and need to  be treated and punished for being negligent mothers. In addition, they should face the ridicule and censure of other women who are married and full time moms.  Peer pressure coming down on them will fix their need to abandon their children to Marxist schools and nigger babysitters while these females go off to pursue their 'dreams'. 
 Come on Texas  don't give this Soy Boy commie faggot the time of day   
 Hay,      They are just doing what the boomers taught them to do. Blame the parents. 
 	The vast majority of Boomer's kids are in their 30s, 40s & 50s Those are the kids of Gen X Useless retard muted 
    Memo to Repub cucks: please get your shit together asap! "Democratic strategists advise their candidates to spend as little time as possible talking about immigration.   Maybe Republican candidates should spend as much time as possible talking about immigration?"  
 	pee ryan's successor is de leon lite, "not who we are" when talking about nigger rapists if race is broached because smiling nigger is running for senate in detoilet land and they would never be able to point at possible flaws of electing niggers, "coleman young(detoilets 1st nigermayor) isn't who he was" 
 	Yep who is the Traitor Here? 
 	This scum bag Kapo needs to be arrested. He will not be arrested because he lives in America and Americans don't arrest the rich political monsters because they are all Masons and Masons are above the law. The justice system is for the peasants, not their Kings, Queens and Lords and Ladies. 
 	This scum bag Kapo needs to be arrested. He will not be arrested because he lives in America and Americans don't arrest the rich political monsters because they are all Masons and Masons are above the law. The justice system is for the peasants, not their Kings, Queens and Lords and Ladies. 
 I don’t care if Kavanaugh is confirmed, I don’t care if Trump wins again so he can give out more tax breaks. I care that our guys are being railroaded into prison and no one is doing anything about it. 
 	You should. If he is denied the left will be emboldened with more to come. If Trump isn't reelected we're back on track to be brought down to 3rd world status, more muslims imported and the one world government they've been planning.  Yeah, you should care. 
 		Lol Wow a meme of a short dick German faggot talking about Trump? Wow, you showed me.  
 Breaking: Kanye West, now known as 'Ye', just became the first person to ever publicly say 'mother-f***er' in the Oval Office.     It'S True. 
 	I'm pretty sure the Obama daughters were the first retarded niglets in the oval office. 
 This is what happens when you allow genetic abominations not just in your land, but in political life as well   They will Always try to undermine and erradicate you, whether they are jungle monsters or smelly pakis    Incidentally I don't see any high profile Briton of Polish heritage wailing against Brexit.even though being anti-Polish is a legit thing in Uk 
 	This cunt has a high court injunction out against mainstream social media where you will find if she is mentioned in a s story the comment sections are always closed. Deporting this creature would be a step in right direction. 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 		Faggot For Sure !   Likes It In The Ass ! 
 Cowardly?   What a little bitch you are hiding behind the American flag while promoting a mixed race and faggot loving society.   You're a disgrace to mankind and a hemp of garbage to the evolution of man. 
 Spartacus accuser is a guy, so I guess that makes Spartacus a rope smoker. Rofl.    
 	Spartacus the nigger bull-faggot. 
 This President States $500 Billion 400,000+ Usa Jobs At Stake Regarding Sale Of Usa Armaments Etc To King Sheek Salomi And His Bologna Blow Thee 2000 Retarded Murderous Inbred Clan Who Perform No Work Just Blow Jobs The Queer Faggots Who Murder Yemeni Children And OTheRS At Will.   Go Ahead U Cocksuckers Wastrels Upon This GREAt Earth Buy Your Armaments Etc Elsewhere And When Retribution Time Is At HAnd Itll Be A Turkey Shoot With Ur Weak Gear From OTheR NAtIONS DITTo DITTo DITTo IsRAEL===>   THAtS Correct;,: This President Is Genetically JewIsH Of His FAtHERS Dna Alleles And WHAt The Genetic Jew Is NoT Saying Is The Filthy Kikes Genetic JewS JewESSES In IsRAEL*, For The Time BeInG Anyway, *Are Allied Strongly With Saudi Arabia And Get THAt Usa Armament Etc For Free By Way Of Saudi Arabia. FUCKing GoDDAMNED Sneaks.    
 		That has been my experience as well. Living in the communist armpit of America (Sf bay area) I have found the biggest bigots in America are self righteous leftists. 
 		This is how the inverted Orwellian World works.  Just like the askeNAZI Jew, the lefty will project who they are by what they say.  They are full of Hate!  The inversion is how the Matrix works!  Orwell was exactly right! 
 Lol you're as retarded as , assuming everyone is a Nazi. Lmao I dont even consider myself white. Silly silly retard, others can think you're stupid too 
 Breaking News: Screaming Racist is not an argument. Screaming Nazi is not an argument. Pedophile is not an argument. But guess what both the right and left love to do? Scream insults instead of facts. The Gab echo chamber is starting to show. 
 	Faggot 
 ".not a single Jew has ever been prosecuted for any of these massacres. Furthermore, it is testament to Jewish media influence that references to "the Holocaust" and "the six million" are an almost-daily occurrence, while there is never a reference to Jewish Bolshevism's 50 million, or the larger communist movement's 100 million."   --Birdman Bryant 
 	oliver is a faggot 
 I knew this faggot was being meme'd by the Jews when I saw his Scj confirmation hearing segment. If you watch the whole thing it comes across as scripted and blunted really.  
  
 	You are a vile Communist after all.   I despise you. 
 		looks like my chances for nazi pussy have headed down the drain. ah well. at least i can say i tried. that big black dick really was the icing on top of the cake ay? 
 			What kind of faggot keeps those pics on his shit?  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	massive changes coming to how the mute system will work. 
 			 say it officially!  say you haven't muted anyone.  
 				I already said it. 
 					you are such an Npc you can't even see how hard you are virtue signalling a total learned cliche.  " i never mute anyone "  oh yeah mate " i never tell lies " "i never bullied anyone at school i used to bully the bullies "  it's all bullshit mate. 
 							so you wouldn't have a problem with just taking a screen shot of you mute list then would you ? im sure you would love to show everyone  how noble and truthfull you are  neo. c'mon show us guys and gals on gab how to roll with an empty mute list. it will take you seconds. 
 								No, I Am not here to impress anyone. 
 							let's see a screen shot of your empty mute list mr neo. with your five computers it will  be well within your skills. it will only take you seconds.  
 								Again, I only do words on gab. 
 								Again, I only do words on gab. 
 Lady's and Gentlemen, I give you leftist "logic". 
 	Hey? That makes no sense at all. Must be a retarded Lefturd 
 Micheal Wigger Rapaport Weighs In On Kanye West Meeting Donald Trump! [Axboy.Com]   
 Micheal Wigger Rapaport Weighs In On Kanye West Meeting Donald Trump! [Axboy.Com]   
 Honest question does this clown think he is actually a journalist? 
 		Rockland Dale, please do us all a favor and stay off our side. 
 		Rockland Dale, please do us all a favor and stay off our side. 
 (((Kagan))) is scared that the credibility of the Scotus is at risk if Kavanaugh is confirmed. I hope she has a fit and wants to resign too.    
 	Fat bull dog dyke with no experience fears Supreme Court losing credibility!  
 Riley J Dennis dosent have a fkn clue what tough is.    She can kiss my former Usmc ass 
 	Riley is a faggot  
 Can you even be a faggot if you look like a Ken doll below the waist? 
 	Never forget that this cunt was an apologist for and supporter of the animals who viciously attacked Reginald Denny "cuz he wite". That  shocking scene was a wake up call to many.      
 	Never forget that this cunt was an apologist for and supporter of the animals who viciously attacked Reginald Denny "cuz he wite". That  shocking scene was a wake up call to many.      
 A Thing of Beauty   Antifa soyboy tries a sucker punch. Patriot one-hand stops him:   (Not sure where this is. Ny?)   Udpate:  advises this beauteous thing took place at Park Blocks in Portland; and  advises grey shirt is pro-Trump street preacher Allen Puckett. 
 	what a little twat 
 	what a little twat 
 Reminder: Paul Romer was one of the few people Mencius Moldbug was willing to call a faggot openly:      
 Rt :    Damn these Honduran migrants seem like they really want to come here.    
 	.Thank you Ms. Asshole Cuntface Coulter for feeding into the frenzy which has caught a majority of jerk off nazi racist assholes into wanting to commit outright murder in the streets but this is typical of a faggot ass   Psyops! 
 It's official, Darkscythe has gone nuts. This is so sad, it makes me want to cry. Sitting through 36 minutes of cringe. Hopefully "The Rise and Fall of Darkscythe" won't be that long. The old Darkscythe wouldn't have given a damn. This was not funny.    
 	How was the video bad? Please elaborate Edray 
 		And I like that you still have a hate boner for Toro, still mad that she wouldn't bang ya? Sad cunt 
 		Oh, they won't work. They'll get virtue signalled in and then start the lawsuits. Nothing will be good enough for them.   Parasites gotta parasite.  
 	And that is exactly what most of them will be! 
 		Virtue signalling suicide. I already see the lawsuits for not enough prayer time or halal foods. You deserve everything you get Amazon. 
 		I have been boycotting Amazon for 9 or 10 months now!  They can die an ignoble death for all I care! 
 		Congrats girl. I get closer and closer every day.  
 		Congrats girl. I get closer and closer every day.  
 The Left of today is comprised of a bunch of fucking 12 year olds. These are the people who the media wants us to basically vote for in November. 
 	Really fake news like Dick Van Dyke dying.Democrat from north east somewhere 
 	Really fake news like Dick Van Dyke dying.Democrat from north east somewhere 
 I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.  8:41 am - 26 Oct 2018 
 	  
 			You're a pussy and a coward.  Sorry you have so much hate in your heart - hint: It's why you're lonely and you never get laid.  You're so sad, Lol, I can't help but to laugh at how miserable you are! 
 					You call me triggered yet you're the one posting hate and can't take criticism.  Keep being a good cuck, we know you Love the black cock in your ass!  Lol, cry more, pussy. 
 	This guys music was cool, but he needs to turn off his Tv, Wake Up, &  
 	This guys music was cool, but he needs to turn off his Tv, Wake Up, &  
 Dang I do love that site and Greenfield's writing   "Jamal Khashoggi: The Media Fights for a Muslim Brotherhood Pal of Osama Bin Laden   The terrorist truth behind the media lies."    
 	A Muzzie Brotherhood, bin Laden Buddy & al Quida  Why did he have a green card  I could care less and wish Americans cared as much about Benghazi 
 I had no idea that Tom Hanks has a rapper son called White Chocolate who talks like he’s from the hood. but it does explain some things.    
 	Only when someone of another race does it they realize how fucking retarded they sound, hence they get outraged and curse at the mirror. 
 New Video: "No White Guilt for Blackface"  What they never told you about blackface.   
 		jolson nigger 
 Investigate Now!   .@SenBobCorker             ?                                                                                                                               @     
 		Or a rope and a tree limb! Fun to watch! 
 		Or a rope and a tree limb! Fun to watch! 
 Marching all that way in sandals? I'm calling bullshit. 
 	Foul wetback bitches!  
 Popular  YouTuber  deleted his  account over the recent Loli ban.    
 		You didn't make yourself look or sound neutral when in fact you made yourself look like a leftist trying to act neutral.  Also Gabai and their retarded 300 character limit. 
 faggot niggers 
 	Your theory is of little fucking importance. What's majorly fucking important is which side you'll join? 
 		The 90% of normal non socialist people :) 
 			90% what? You're talking out of your backside. Everyone I disagree with a socialist I bet you call Liberals Fascists  
 				Another Non Playable Conservative.  
 					You do understand what socialism is don't you. It's the ideology of jealousy, theft, antisemitism and blaming other people for their own failure. Classically displayed by both Marxist and National Socialists. Both want nationalisation of key industries. Education control for indoctrination. Censorship of critics. Jews gone. Insurrection. Marxist ones use gays and blacks as victims to try and get elected. National ones know they will never be elected so are open about their hate. 
 						Well said. The truth is well demonstrated by their history. 
 							It really is very simple and clear to see when you cut through all the shite Marxists and NatSocs use to try and seperate themselves from each other lol 
 								Easy to classify them. Both are based on greed and envy. Both for wealth and power. Anyone who would deny them either is a target for destruction! They want All of everybody's! 
 										Anyone who reduces different political doctrines to a ridiculous as hominem is a retarded faggot by definition 
 Go vote for you early death think cunt s trump is and Putin is saving your life fucking zombie dum motherfuckercuntwankpissdumzombiemental 
 "Nfl Ratings Down as Viewers Tune Out Politically-Charged Entertainment''   After watching the Nfl for over 58 years, I watch in No Longer!    And it appears Many others agree with me----Today'S Nfl Sucks ! 
 		Be well faggot 
 	This isn't ok sweaty, most find it abhorrent a few idiots can be expected in all movements. 
 		Only cucks cry about racism. I'm sure you are one of those faggots that would give up his children to the nigger hordes so you aren't called racist.  
 Ladies and gentlemen, when you go to the polls in November, remember who  really are.    
 	correction bitch cunt covering her face 
 			o u very rarely let a nigger wipe it’s balls in ur mouth i guess that’s better than letting them do it evry day. 
 Jason is a fairy gay faggot if he cannot Mute someone here. :/ 
 What mosque did he visit? It's past time to deny these jihadis a safe space to plot and conspire. Kill the mosque and the sand nigger leaves. 
 Refugee Swindle Exposed as Un Moves 45,000 Africans Back Home  
 	A cannibal ass in every seat.  Nice of our 'leadership' to get so deep in leveraged debt to nigger nations (offshore accounting) they are 'forced' to accommodate nigger trash in our home nations.  The kike 'royalty' is leveraged in offshore city of London accounts so heavily they simply have to bend over no lube when africa want to invade Europe. 
 		Scott Brown tried. Lit her up over her claims when she ran against him and the Ma voters decided he was being mean and voted her in anyway. Nationally I think she's kaput but she'll most likely be one of the Senators from Ma until she dies. 
 				It's not just "letting women vote" I think our rhetoric here is wrong.   I think we should instead say "Making a vote an individual's right instead of recognizing that civilization isn't made up of individuals, but families."   dw I do it too. 
 				Honestly, I don't see why Warren was stupid enough to feed this controversy.  Everybody knew she wasn't an Indian, and everybody who cared already had an opinion.  All she did was took the story back to the front pages and reminded everyone she lied for decades.   
 					My guess would be because she's more than likely dumber than a box of shit.  
 					Or she was hitting the firewater too hard. 
 				Unless you have your woman on a short chain women should never vote. 
 Rt :    Breaking: Chris Wallace Destroys Shep Smith!   Trump Isn’T To Blame  Never Trumper, Chris Wallace goes toe to face withTrump hating, Trump blaming, sniveling coward Shepard Smith. Wallace says in no way can you blame President Trump for Cesar Sayoc’s criminal actions.     
 	I think Smith is a homosexual faggot commie. He is banned from my tv . He makes me gag with vomit.  
 If you're White and refuse to talk about race, that is your right.  However, if you also say you are strictly about merit, then unless you confront every non-White with the same vehemence that they cannot be about their races either, you're either a hypocrite or a unwitting leftist stooge.  You pick. 
 	Easy to say unless you live in a nigger run shithole like Baltimore  
 The only time Kathy Griffin is funny is when she is completely melting down like the lunatic she is.   Mmm the tears are delicious. They already know their "resist" bullshit is doomed. 
 		Any pythons available? 
 		You first 
 		nah.I'll pass 
 		nah.I'll pass 
 	It is unfortunate that they act like that when challenged, because challenge is what is required to grow. 
 		Indeed.  I'm going to post a chart of the Polytheistic deities later from the different cultures and languages since they all worship the same gods and goddess.  Edit: I really don't care what name they attach to them either since they're all the same character. 
 		Indeed.  I'm going to post a chart of the Polytheistic deities later from the different cultures and languages since they all worship the same gods and goddess.  Edit: I really don't care what name they attach to them either since they're all the same character. 
 So Khashoggi isn't the saint he's being painted as by the Msm - turns out he's an Islamist twat - good riddance !    
 Canada Running Out Of Marijuana Days After Legalizing Drug.   via  
 	same thing happened the first week it went legal in Colorado.  
 		idk if I want it legal here in kentucky. that prob sounds retarded coming from a smoker but idk man. I dont want the influx of hippies coming here. 
 They want to kill you or take away your freedom and they don’t care what they have to do or say to achieve it.    The propaganda is escalating and that middle class lifestyle you thought you would preserve by keeping your head down, yeah they’re coming for that too. Because it doesn’t matter if you speak up, it only matters that you are white. 
 	Charles Blow is pathetic nigger faggot that is taken seriously by 1/1024th of the population. 
 Emily Ratajkowski became famous by starring in a misogynistic music video celebrating sexual assault: 
 	Amy Schumerjew ? What a filthy cunt bag  
 great she's fucking retarded 
 What is different about Nafta 2.0?    
 	Not much. The choice had to be made whether you want to win elections or simply want to keep holding on to a supply side/free trade economic model that assures electoral defeat. Trump's deals are so little in benefit to the American worker to be laughable. They mostly benefit the Mexican worker and of course the investor class which is why the Dow is surging. 
 			Blue collar men especially in unions are very up on what's going on. You might be able to fool stupid Gop conservative voters but you are not going to bamboozle the rust belt voters on economic issues - especially trade. Conservatives had a choice to keep these guys a part of their coalition but due to their insistence on free trade have failed. 
 				Are you sure about that? I don't talk to many of them any more.  If you look at the Red Elephants guy, for example, all his followers are boomers and Maga cucks. A clown. And these are the idiots who are allowed to disseminate their bull shit on twitter and youtube. I was trying to explain the concept of per capita to him before he blocked me. Clown world.  
 					Those types are just Maga idiots who praise everything Trump does. I was talking about working class guys who usually vote Democrat but voted Trump.  
 					And they are aware that his new deal is basically Nafta with some old dried up lipstick?  
 					And don't forget about Mcfeels and his ilk. That lunatic called me "insane" on twitter before blocking me for critiquing his disgusting boot licking for Trump. Question: What is the point if supposedly /our guys/ call me insane just as the left and neocons do for espousing these views? It is all so depressing.  
 				All I want is someone articulate who pushes my general to get into a powerful office like Senator, etc. as a platform. Sadly not one, Not One is there. And Trump is a 90's bushite clintonite charlatan pretending to be one.  
 				All I want is someone articulate who pushes my general to get into a powerful office like Senator, etc. as a platform. Sadly not one, Not One is there. And Trump is a 90's bushite clintonite charlatan pretending to be one.  
 ancient  Aliens is beating Cnn in the rating.who wants to watch very Fake news and their anchors hate America and all trump supporters 
 	reruns of Dick Van Dyke are getting 3X the ratings of Cnn. imagine 60 year old reruns being more relevant to the viewers than Your Reporting of the news today, Lmmfao! 
 	reruns of Dick Van Dyke are getting 3X the ratings of Cnn. imagine 60 year old reruns being more relevant to the viewers than Your Reporting of the news today, Lmmfao! 
 		Nigger nothing more nothing less  
 	The people chosen by Satan to destroy humanity have not changed their mafia methods since 2000 years. Corruption, blackmail, terror, murder, lies, . 
 	The people chosen by Satan to destroy humanity have not changed their mafia methods since 2000 years. Corruption, blackmail, terror, murder, lies, . 
 Cages is where you always keep animals that suck sand nigger cock 
 						In your alternative reality the Nazis won Ww Ii.   Just like in the demonrats alternative reality Hillary won in 2016. :) Lol!   +1 (Neo)             
 															 
 Rt :    Senator Susan Collins is the mother & grandmother of white women in America who gave us a Donald Trump presidency. The 53%.   She is a disgrace & her legacy will be that she was a traitor to women and marginalized communities. History will not treat her kindly.  
 	why are these jihadi jane ingrates even in america in the first place? 
 		She's going to be used as a test case when we start stripping paper-Americans of their birthright citizenship, calling it now     
 			We stripped wetbacks of citizenship who shouldn't have gotten it during operation Wetback 
 	I didn't know cancer could get cancer. It's like the ten nigger rule where the blacks are worse for them than anybody else. That bitch must have Ten Nigger Cancer. Unrelated, how much you wanna bet she burned the coal?  
  is going the same way as the unelected communist        
 		His son the communist green cunt throw him under the bus, I hope I am driving it 
 This criminal believes she will run for Senate.     From jail? That's cute    
 	Maine would never allow a nigger to win.  She must find a different state. 
                                                                                                  @studentoflife              
 	Nope, 2 different incidents. He mocked her about weight(probably because she dug into him first) and autistic reporter was thin. 
 		That was the joke.reporter wasn't the retarded child, Rosie was. 
 State denies people rights, smear & demonise them, rig elections & wage lawfare to break their efforts to get themselves a voice, fire them for speaking out - then wonder why some turn to violence. Wtf did they expect?    
 	The most corrupt organisation in the Uk currently is the coviving thieving bunch of layabouts laughingly called the Legal Profession. Anything said by a Qc (Questionable Cretin) should be completely ignored. These venal idiots are the enemies of the people and should be regarded as such.  
 		Qc=Queer Cunt 
 Getting sick of seeing that Lindsey Graham protester video set to nigger music. Good way to ruin it. 
 Where was the Jewish outrage about this? I mean. if they hate mass-shootings, genocide, and  so much.  
 	sadly, not all lives are equal for the media, theyd rather publicize some things over others. I agree wholeheartedly with u, also the murders of white people in south africa aren't getting the attention they deserve, im telling u 
 		you're dumb as shit faggot 
 Feminist Governor Covered for Muslim Outreach Aide Accused of Rape  "Donald Trump represents a historic threat to women everywhere."    
 	Ohh yeah Dan,,, I see Women screaming in the streets being raped.you retard 
 		So, by her logic we can call her a nigger if we have a black friend? Just following her logic!  
 Now they’re trying to make Hispanics feel guilty for white privilege. This isn’t going to end well for them. 
 	Hey pendejos.  Shove it up your collective filthy illegal wetback asses. You are breaking our laws and trespassing. Build a wall with gun garrets and aim for their heads and the bellies. this shit will stop. One way or the other. Gtfo! 
  
 		Well, she's 30 and childless. 
 		Well, she's 30 and childless. 
 Posted by u/Russians30i44i3o    It turns out shrieking like a retard isn't a convincing argument 
 	Ah, u Jidf or shitty father Austrian Infantry Vet.   Me Proud Boy. Me miscegenation supporter. Me pederast supporter. Me like Gayvin's shitty butt plug very much. 
 		lmao! 
 		lmao! 
 Time and again utter failure. Nationalism and violence just don't go together it doesn't work ! period. Anyone advocating for or carrying out acts of political violence should be hounded out of our movement without mercy.     www.order15.com/the-case-against-nationalist-violence/ 
 	You’re a faggot who only lives on the internet. You tell yourself it doesn’t work to justify your weak mind and incapability to bring yourself to make a real move.  
 Or post an ad on Craigslist for men seeking men or free pit bull puppies or anything demeaning or racially biased and let's put this dirty fuckin Sand Nigger outta business! 
 Colin Powell Speaks Out: Trump Not Moral Leader.  
 	Who cares what that country club nigger has to say about anything?  
 Gun proponents like to repeat the famous quote that government should fear its citizens, not the other way around.  And I agree. But when the Gop was fearing a bunch of screaming middle aged female citizens recently, the gun obsessed suddenly didn't believe that anymore.  Why? 
 	Come take 'em bedwetter.  
 		How retarded are you Trumpanzees?  We. Have. Guns. Too. Damn, you cats yammer and yammer about the murder rates in the "liberal cities," but never put 2 and 2 together.  
 First post on the censorship free social media platoform of the future! 
 	Welcome. We like to  here on Gab. You can even say nigger faggot.u know, if u want. 
 It's official, Maverick is on hillbilly drugs. 
 	He's a puppet for the globalists. There are numerous pics of him sitting with Soros, talking, laughing, etc. We don't like him at all.worse the opposition party is another version of him.  We have a new leader in town, Mad Max Bernier. We like his platform. New party too. Conservative af. 1 year to go till elections. 
 	He's a puppet for the globalists. There are numerous pics of him sitting with Soros, talking, laughing, etc. We don't like him at all.worse the opposition party is another version of him.  We have a new leader in town, Mad Max Bernier. We like his platform. New party too. Conservative af. 1 year to go till elections. 
 And another one 
 				Anyone with basic common sense, or access to the internet, should know that jew-soap is a jew-lie. That clip is a mind-numbingly retarded transparent piece of propaganda. Hopefully it's so obviously egregious that it's laughed at by most people and used as an example to undermine the baseless fiction propping up their entire scheme.  
 Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
  You made it on Cnn.    
 		More like Dum Lemming.  
 		More like Dum Lemming.  
 Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhmmmmmmmmmmm Liberal Cunt Bitch Tears Delicious! 
  
 	why be a low T faggot when you could be a man? 
 I do not care for 1 second if you have an issue with my religious beliefs and no amount of internet bullying can stop what happens next.   You are a defective piece of ZioShit.      
 		Real life I'm a piece of shit. Is this you in real life. Show a picture and something with the date in the back ground. 100 %this aint you in real life. Prove yourself to everyone you aint a piece of lying hypocritical twat  
 Gab Management has been totally irresponsible in providing a forum for unabashed Nazis and antiSemites. There are limits to free speech, and a mute button is Not the answer. There’s nothing socially healthy about the free public exchange of blatant hate speech. 
 	I will as respectful as possible: The Supreme Court has ruled on 4 separate occasions now, that hate speech is protected Free Speech.    So in this, you are just plain incorrect. It's true that there are some limits to Free Speech, such as direct credible calls for violence, but your assertion as worded is wrong. Please consider editing/correcting your post. 
 		Torba had 2 years to deal with the anti-Trump Nazi (socialist) issue and he still did not do anything about it, so now he is learning that there are consequences.                  
 			cock off neo you mute list liar.  
 				yeah cluck clauck cluck why are you even bothering to keep your retarded act up. it's all over now.  gab's losing it's domain name. 
 So the Proud Boys who Defended themselves from physical assault and bottle throwing by Antifa, caught on camera as instigating, are being referred to as Neo-Nazis, white supremacists and "Alt-Right" by the Msm. Someone better tell his black wife then.     
 	dear retarded civnats, virtue signalling won't save you, we told you fucking idiots to stop punching right, have you learned yet, nope another based nigger post.  More virtue signalling to the people who want to kill you.     Even destroying your own genetic heritage won't work 
 	Lol i hope your mom gets home soon we wouldn't want you locked out after dark Lol 
 	Well I support your right to form an opinion.  Please enjoy gab's freedom of expression policies. and btw . dont start mailing dems bombs or shooting up sinogogues   
 	You are to stupid to talk to. Moron 
 	You are to stupid to talk to. Moron 
  
 	Nigger loving faggot 
  
 	Expected from a dyke bitch  
 Rt :    Photo Emerges Of Georgia's Democratic Governor Nominee Burning State Flag  
 	friggin nigger 
 "This 'Caravan' is a Un-funded invasion of the United States. There are hundreds of thousands of illegal migrants who live in temporary camps that are preparing to follow this route to America. They are planning on flooding millions of more illegal migrants into America. This is an invasion of the United States."   ~ Alex Jones 
 	Yeah, ol fat fucking shill Jones is merely stating the fucking obvious. Geee, he must watch Fox news too!  
 		bullshit! jones is a media hound attention grubbing cocksucker who does Nothing to further our Cause in Any way! He will Never call out the fucking kikes as the Left or as Democrats because he's a fat cunt shill!  
 Council boss bought 12 Inch Dildo with Grenfell Towers survivor's money.       What a dick, huh? 
 	Better than spending it on muzzie invaders 
 Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote:    Nazbowl siege man    Silverdawn    Proud Wasp    Vanilla Nilla   *** A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
 	>Confirmed Anti-American communists > A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards Fucking make up your mind, doofus. 
 		I'm not sympathizing. But everyone who has that forced in their faces doesn't need to see it. You're a disrespectful cunt of a thing, because you're a commie Jew or muzzrat. 
       more disaster for jupiter 
 	Fuck to death this Nigger loving Homo ass to mouth cocksucker.   Vive LePen.   
 Vote Mad Max Out! 
 		 
 		 
 That is how you grab 'em     
 		Shame on you for being inflammatory! 
 		Shame on you for being inflammatory! 
 Hey  ! Ever here the term "Lurk Moar"? You should do that with Rush Limbaugh. Not to say what he says but to make your show better. Your callers are either mentally fucking retarded or their so far up their own ass their voices echo.  At least make them stay on a single topic until Friday. 
  
 	What that entitled fat ass lazy cunt needs is to back away from the burgers and get a real fucking job. "Need a break from being an editor" really? God damn I hate fucking pencil pushing pansy assed admin professionals.  
 Muslim Bitch .you rag headed Nigger .camel Jockey .Goat Humper 
 22-year-old with same-sex attraction begs Synod: Don’t change Church teaching on homosexuality  
 	nigger thing 
 First off, his name is Never going to be cleared. That's how a  works. Second, the whole attack is a political smear. That should Never be rewarded. At this point Kavanaugh has no choice but to go forward. Going back is annihilation. 
 	Am I the only one getting Really sick of foreigners lecturing Americans about how Our government should run?  He lives under an archaic monarchy & tells us the nominee of the President we elected should step down? Tell that old fart queen of yours to step down! I think that faggot Trudeau should step down. "less divisive"? There is no such thing 
 	I don't trust that secular Jew guy.  I am not a fan of Trump, I just don't trust that Jew. 
 		Figures.  Wish I hadn't wasted a year shilling for the guy.  No wall, nothing really.  The nigger unemployment rate is down though 
 .   . on           .   Planetwide  Premier Content Provider  #ITC1200 
 	I love cunt and asshole! May I lick your holes baby? 
 I am not a Nazi, I do not support Nazis and I am very Pro-Israel. If any of this offends you Please Mute me and unfollow me. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 "The Disappearance of Men" by Dario McDarby. A good read:  h/t  
 	Another Christian commenting on television shows he has never watched. 
 		And you know that he hasn't watched them? 
 			Did the author deny any of that?  So you don't know that he didn't watch the show. And if you want to have a discussion with me, please drop the F-bombs.  Cultural Marxism was well in progress in the golden era of Tv. Much of it was not as decent as it is made out to be.  
 				The author shows no sign of having done anything beyond skimming the Wikipedia page on the shows he attacks.   That he chose to make The Dick Van Dyke Show the thumbnail is especially ignorant. 
 					  Proverbs 1:26   I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;     Proverbs 1:27   When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.  
 					  Proverbs 1:26   I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;     Proverbs 1:27   When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.  
 Jamal Khashoggi and his boss Prince Alwaleed bin Talal meeting the management team of Twitter in 2012    
 	That would have been a good time for a bombing. Fuckin' Raghead convention!  
 is that how you feel also about  the Slavic pantheon  
 	I take pride in my Iranian blood and my upbringing -- not some culture that developed after our enslavement. 
 		so your Zoroastrian  
 			see there you go with the name calling cunt kike  
 Posted on Foxnews just now "The Gab account has frequent anti-Semitic postings" Thanks all of you Nazi loving, anti-Semitic, Holocaust denying Pieces of shit. Now Gab is targeted because of you fucking assholes. You just can't help your hateful selves can you? 
 		Uhhhh I'm a boomer, And if I were an age nigger I wouldn't be on Gab! 
 Full blown Jew faggot Eddie Lampbert gets his wish and destroys Sears, ending the 150 year life of an American icon. "Too Bad Goys" he states.           
 Jeremy Corbyn is an antisemite          
 	He's the cunt of the year and probably next year too 
 Hartford Van Dyke (author of Silent Weapons For Quiet Wars) - Holding Public Officials To Task -   YouTube  
 Hartford Van Dyke (author of Silent Weapons For Quiet Wars) - Holding Public Officials To Task -   YouTube  
 	Must have been a nigger who down voted this they hate facts 
  
 		How does it feel to be a race traitor cunt and nothing more than a nigger's dart board? 
  
 	dumb jew cunt but whats even dumber is the douchebags that vote for this imbecile cunt 
 good night dear american friends. thank you so much for odinism and coca cola. 
 	Odin is Santa Claus' faggot brother. God hates them both.  
 The cunt isva well known ira sympathiser.he,s a rat bastard 
 Rosie O'Donnell wants military to 'get' Trump from the White House.  
 	What A Commie Dyke Bitch  
 Only women can end this war  
 	Yep.  Women Can end this war on men If they can extract their brain for long enough from their damn Facebook app.  They are too busy chasing their own damn tails and submitting willingly being brainwashed.  its Time To Wake The Fuck Up. 
 		Not all women.  Stop with the hateful blanket statements. 
 			yet you can't stop responding.  Typical nigger antifa fat ugly bitch.  You couldn't get laid in a muslim den. 
 Let's be clear here, if this was a true Trump supporter his vehicle would not be neat and tidy on one hand and his mailing of pipe bombs sloppy and untidy. His mailings were too obvious. 
 		He could not legally drive around in the van without getting stopped. 
 		I think that depends on the state. 
 		Come on, you can get stopped for having your windows too tinted in Fl.  
 		According to one website that stickers should follow the window tinting rules. Tint darkness for Suv and vans:      Windshield: Non-reflective tint is allowed above the manufacturer's As-1 line.     Front Side windows: Must allow more than 28% of light in.     Back Side windows: Must allow more than 6% of light in.     Rear Window: Must allow more than 6% of light in.   
 		The only issue would be maybe the passenger and driver windows because of the side mirrors need to be visible to the driver. I had a panel van with no rear side or rear facing windows and it was manufactured that way. 
 		The only issue would be maybe the passenger and driver windows because of the side mirrors need to be visible to the driver. I had a panel van with no rear side or rear facing windows and it was manufactured that way. 
 	 
 			Not one from a Communist. Thank you though. 
 				unban this commie from following you. i want to know when you post new bob and vagene pics. 
 						sorry to break it to you (miss? sir?), this commie has no back-up nazi account. now unban him so we can send you some big dick pics, what do you say? 
 									Half of your ash-can-nasties are mentally retarded due to excessive inbreeding, kike. 
 You're much too retarded to be Anything, period, end of goddamn story. 
  
 	Douche Muzzie Colin 
 Joy Behar Says Jews Did Not Own Slaves While The View Kvetches About Free Speech    
 	That stupid cunt 
    Fuck! Fuck! Noo!   The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America!   Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court!   You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites!   And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
 		I call them Anqueefa since they keep sending actual woman to the front-lines.  And they lose hard every time they are violently confronted.  Maybe that's why they have a great tendency to get their panties in a twist? 
 		I call them Anqueefa since they keep sending actual woman to the front-lines.  And they lose hard every time they are violently confronted.  Maybe that's why they have a great tendency to get their panties in a twist? 
 lol this story is bullshit. It's pretty obvious.  
 	why? 
 			that's assumptive. To heck with the Middle East. They've been fighting and murdering each other since forever. How about what's going on in Europe? I take it you are fine with the 'Religion of Peace' doctrine? No problem there? No Muslim rape gangs, no skyrocketing crime? No assaults on culture? No problem? No crisis in Welfare benefits? No crisis in housing? No crisis in health care, with a tsunami of illiterate, unskilled, fast-breeding parasites?   I guess that must also be 'Pentagon propaganda'?   Where did you achieve this degree in History that you seem so proud of? 
 				Lol yes most of that has been bullshit. They bring in a bunch of people, which I agree shouldn’t happen, but then create the hoax that they’re forming rape gangs. Since you have no power to stop immigration the next best thing is martial law to stop them. Which is exactly what’s happening in Sweden. It’s all a ploy to get you to advocate for military on the street. Same thing in Chicago. 
 					That's no hoax. You are the hoax. 
 						It’s a friggin hoax. Believe it if you want.  
 							  You are the hoax, muzzie troll, and a miserably unimaginative instance within the otherwise overpopulated category. Newborn parrots would put you to shame with more sophisticated performance. 
 Lmao! 
 	If that's a "rainbow" person, wouldn't that be a cunt punt? 
 	If that's a "rainbow" person, wouldn't that be a cunt punt? 
 rather have this guy's finger on a trigger than a faggot trannie 
 Jews are a direct threat to America. Jews are loyal to Jews, regardless of the host nation they're in. The Jewish lobby, think-tanks & over representation in our Government, Courts, Hollywood & the Media, have led to degeneracy, miscegenation, despair, mega debt & wars based on lies. Jews holding any political office, or control in media, must be outlawed. 
 	Who is the vile Racist Retard who would disagree with this simple Truth?    
 Dude when they spouted out that it was their weird pagan days or shit I even had pagan meme's just to be friendly and nice to them.   What'd we get in return, seriously? 
 	Christians love playing victim.  I’ve always seen Christians come in with a shitty attitude and then get ass blasted when somebody pushes back. 
 			*Assblasted Christians  You mean like the ones who saved Europe at the gates of Vienna? 
 				The whole conversation is so. childish, it's like arguing the Easter Bunny with a 4 year old.   Like, they are gonna believe what they wanna believe. 
 					Hey, lay off the Easter Bunny, okay? 
 						 
 					But seriously, folks . some "have ears to hear", and others don't. Personally i find the pagan-larp completely devoid of meaning, while the metaphysics and Spiritual substance of Christianity is simply far superior. 
 						I agree. I mean you'll find no more fervent critic of the Catholic church's flavour of the month political bullshit than me, but overall it has the substance to withstand the Jews quite easily - if it can be brought to bear. 
 						I agree. I mean you'll find no more fervent critic of the Catholic church's flavour of the month political bullshit than me, but overall it has the substance to withstand the Jews quite easily - if it can be brought to bear. 
 An invading army is slowly trekking towards the United States’ Southern Border.   In any other time in history, stopping them with deadly force would be considered a practical and common-sense measure. But now, we’re supposed to open wide and let them in.   This is a manufactured crisis designed to energize the Left before the November Election. 
 	Wetback foreign invasion. destroy them and those piece of shit flags 
  
 		 
 		You see, you cannot defend your Bull Shit, and all you have is childish slander. You look more stupid by the minute.  Defend your 80 million lie!   Or just Stfu   You Provoked This Contention Twat. 
 		 
 		 
 Nazis and the left wing    
 	Hitler was a radical lefty. a left winger 
 		You are a radical faggot 
 Faggot Faggot Faggot! It's good to be home. Twitter is dead! 
 Trump strikes again!    He can do this any time he wants.    "Fox News anchor Chris Wallace is pushing back on President Trump's claim that Democrats are responsible for thousands of migrants headed toward the United States's southern border, calling it 'preposterous.'   "Wallace appeared on Fox News's 'America’s Newsroom' on Friday to fact-check the claim, which the president made during a campaign-style rally in Montana the previous night.   'The idea that the Democrats were somehow behind this caravan coming from Honduras of these women and children is preposterous,' Wallace said on the program."         So Trump gets the National Media to alert the public that another caravan is on the way, and Trump gets the national media to talk about the notion that the Democrats are behind it.    Perfect.    Another tiger pit dug, and the Democrats fall right into it.    The voters are thinking, "Why is the caravan coming Now, and why is everyone telling us that we have to accept this invasion?"    It pisses off the voters.    As always, the press is Trump's most effective ally. 
 	Just like his faggot daddy  
 Faggot 
 I finally got around to going Pro.  I definitely receive over $6 a month worth of value out of this website.    Now I can write in bold, italics, or underline.  Not sure what other benefits are besides the increased character limit, but I really don't care.  If you care about something, vote with your dollar.    Thanks to @a for giving us a place to discuss ideas and talk shit without being banned. 
 	I would have been banned the first day I posted about fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches if this was Twitter. :) 
 Do you Really think that racist paganism is any More attractive to such people? 
 	Yes an We Know It 
 		The funny thing is that the exact opposite actually happened on a massive scale. That's why there are thousands beautiful churches across Europe.  
 			And  we will always look you c i fucks,As   Not anything other then pig kike jews, suck a nigger dick wannabe sandnigger ok  
 My wife  takes a lot of guff here for her genuine expression of her Christian faith, a faith I share.   We are both well aware of the subversion within the Church, and as devout people, we are incensed at how external actors have perverted the message.  The people who attack the Church fail to realize it, far more than anything else, was what kept the threat of invasion at bay, and it's subversion has played an enormous role in our current degradation.    I don't expect everyone to share our faith.  I purposely do not talk often about my own beliefs because I'm not here for that purpose, and I respect people who disagree whose views do not threaten our civilization.    All that said, as a husband, I would simply ask if you disagree with her, then let it be.  I know social media deliberately encourages people to be our worst selves, but to the white nationalists who like to pick at her, please realize that if the efforts she makes to bridge these gaps succeed, we may all yet benefit.    And I will do the same.  Many Pagans know and respect me because we meet on grounds that allow for mutual respect.  As we do that, we become better people, and it's not about surrendering your beliefs, white knighting, or cucking, but rather about alliances to be built against common enemies. 
 	I am curious as to what church you speak of. Jesus was not a fan of the temples as you well know. Attacking an institution that makes money selling Jesus is very different from attacking your faith. I respect your wife for loving Christ openly and taking the abuse that follows. 
 		I thought he was a Jew. I don't think he was a faggot though. 
   is a hypocrite; another  lying  fraud. Big time. She hates  but loves . Sick Sick Sick Proof is below in link and pic.            
 	Someone needs to explain to the cunt that unless you have evidence to show something happened they are not a survivor, but instead, quite possibly, a liar. 
 One pic. Few words. 
 	Mincing French faggot 
 Ten states have neither signed nor ratified the Biological Weapons Convention    (Chad, Comoros, Djibouti, Eritrea, Israel, Kiribati, Micronesia, Namibia, South Sudan and Tuvalu).   Notice that Big Fat Nigger in the woodpile - Israel.    
 	Don't get me wrong, if Torba bans porn and nudity altogether I'm outta here - something like that would make it truly impossible to promote the site as pro-free speech, and expose Torba as a complete retard given the popularity of the Nsfw Groups.   But for fuck's sake, cutting an Evil, Anti-White site like Twitter so much more slack is indefensible. 
 		Porn isn't free speech because it's not expression, it is not art, it simply exists for you to masturbate to. 
 		Porn isn't free speech because it's not expression, it is not art, it simply exists for you to masturbate to. 
 	It said no technology and you posted a technology question to Science.   Also you are clearly stupid and have nothing worthwhile to contribute.   Sorry not sorry.   Bye! 
 			Remember this is a free speech platform ruled by group dictatorship that has very low Iq. When they feel the topic is a threat to their narrative, they ban it. Sounds like the liberal movement.  
 			Absolutely correct.  Since when was solar energy physical concepts considered gadgets Oh and Btw he also considers planetary magnetic fields gadgets/technology What a moron 
 			Absolutely correct.  Since when was solar energy physical concepts considered gadgets Oh and Btw he also considers planetary magnetic fields gadgets/technology What a moron 
  
 	Washed up and out of work twat waffle! 
 	Washed up and out of work twat waffle! 
  
 	Walk us through exactly how the low Iq, anti American, Muslim nigger added 22.3 million jobs.  Be specific 
  
 	Being Greek.I hope no one takes offense.that I take offense.to a black piece of faggot shit.claiming to be a historic Greek Gladiator. Wrong color. Wrong hair. 
 Like this fuckin cunt who scrapes my vehicle i wait for him in the cold on a dark spot in the grass and walked up and i was like hi there can i help you! And the navy seal fell over in fear broke his wrist and ran away as i stood there in a brown army jacket with a black bellaclava on 
   ReTweets of VoiceofTheVoiceless  (Iran-Cnn)      FairTrade and the student  visa crime   [phpGAB]  
 		More Details:  
 		More Details:  
 I took a bird on a picnic today, she brought along her 3 year old son, all the little cunt did was complain he was cold. Eventually she asked if I would mind seeing if I could find something in my car to wrap around his head.   She didn't look too happy when I came back with a baseball bat. 
 ***New Video***   .   Sadiq Khan Lies About No-Go Zones and Muslim Grooming Gangs -    .       .    
 	Could you shadowban the faggot who commented pic related? He copied my Alfred the great account and impersonated  me, so I created a Genghis Khan account. Apparently, he's copied that one too!  
 Sweet! Thank you, @a @e! The mute feature is Much Better now.     Just went to mute this fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitch and I saw this. :) 
 if Obama had a son 
 		 
 		 
 The continuing persecution of Tommy Robinson may be a question of class. This is my take on it.  Don't bother if you are that cunt  
 	He looks and acts like a regular working-class Brit, except for those hypnotic eyes, the name and the strange obsession with Israel and Jews. 
 		And you don't have an obsession with Jews, I suppose. His name, Yaxley-Lennon, is a reflection of a common British habit in modern times of running two family names together. Hypnotic eyes? You sound like you have a bit of a crush on him, pally. 
 		I normally don't jack off to the Israeli flag, no. But I'm sure it's just a coincidence that he does that. What's wrong with Yaxley-Lennon? 
 		Tommy Robinson's real name is said to be Paul Harris, btw. According to the judge in one of his many court cases, Harris is the name in his passport.  
 		I already know that you don't care, since you're an idiot who doesn't have the brainpower to draw the line between two dots. It was You who mentioned me, idiot, and now you don't like the answer you got. Typical of Idiots. 
 		I have no problem with the answer I got. It's you I don't like. Tell me, why are you anonymous? Job concerns? By the way, a dot is already one-dimensional, and therefore a line. You are thinking of a point, which has position but no dimension. Go back to sneering at those with autism. 
 		You seem to be something of an expert on autism. Do you work in the health sector? Your co-workers must think themselves blessed. Do you have many friends? I imagine you as rather reclusive and lonely. 
 		You seem to be something of an expert on autism. Do you work in the health sector? Your co-workers must think themselves blessed. Do you have many friends? I imagine you as rather reclusive and lonely. 
 Take the nigger outta the. Ahhh fuck it if u faggots don’t know by now you never will.  
 Another Nyt editorial criticizing the Trump administration. Nothing new, right? But, I agree with this editorial. Trump has to stop being so cosy with the Saudis, and show some balls in the Khashoggi affair. Meanwhile, redneck Gabbers can go back to conspiracy-theorizing how Jews are controlling America. 
 	I say it again: Trump sucking up to the thoroughly despotic Saudi regime will have political repercussions. The fact that he gets a lot of business from the Saudis, not withstanding what America gets from the Saudis, makes him exactly similar to previous Presidents. And he is supposed to be a people's, not deep state's, President, right? 
 	I say it again: Trump sucking up to the thoroughly despotic Saudi regime will have political repercussions. The fact that he gets a lot of business from the Saudis, not withstanding what America gets from the Saudis, makes him exactly similar to previous Presidents. And he is supposed to be a people's, not deep state's, President, right? 
 	Fire up the ovens! Oy vey 
 	Open borders for jizrael  
 	Oy vEigina! 
 	Probably because they don't belong in the Uk. 
 	Shut It Down! 
 	It’s not the couloir it’s the hidden agendas  
 	Resistance to genocide is racist, goy!  
 	 
 	kids this gun grabbing doucebag faggot is not cool,never ever let the fake media lead you to believe this fuckin dork is cool, hes got blue hair try that in real life and get made fun of for being a fuckin faggot 
 on top of that, even after were legally blackmailed to feed the negros, every other commercial is about some nigger asking for food in africa, or you see them at your mall asking for gibs, or on the side of the street. Niggers never stop asking for gibs. And then they are shoved down our throat, in media. 
 What kind of parent names their son Rosie? 
 			True that would be hard. 
 			True that would be hard. 
 Nazism is a retarded ideology, part of their tactic is attaching themselves to a Pro-Freedom Movement. By silencing and banning them, they will just go elsewhere with victim status. Let them speak and debate their ideas, mostly all they do is spam me with memes which is ineffective. 
 Rand Paul Calls for Investigation on Unhinged Democrats Who Doxxed Senate Judiciary Committee Republicans  
 	Put mad maxine in jail for being a trouble making nigger 
 			 charges at his mothers back door for free rides but give darkmeat discounts 
 			 charges at his mothers back door for free rides but give darkmeat discounts 
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	By what genetic metric are you not white? 
 		I think, you must be a retard too, because I am screenshooting your threat for posterity. 
 Just heard this Fox reporter's update from the caravan he's accompanying.   He spoke as though these vagrants are doing something heroic.   Hey William.   Shut the f*ck up.   You  stupid f*cking asshole. 
 	They’re a lot braver than Usa citizens. They’re not terrified of strangers or government, like you are. You should be replaced by them because you’re too scared to live with them and too scared to do anything yourself. 
 				Yes that's exactly what I meant.unless you want to get into a pedantic tete a tete with me. I can go there too you silly child. Now go away before I trash you like the turpitude you are. 
 					I think i would like to see that, even though the idea of winning an argument is sophomoric. Everyone should know that it always depends on which side you ask.  Fire away pal. 
 						Look "pal" you started with the insults. Now shut the fuck up and go away. According to your dumbass profile you object to profanity.  So this should end this "sophomoric" crap. 
 							I thought you were gonna thrash me? My feelings aren’t even tickled yet.  
 								No. I said trash. Rhymes with thrash but means something entirely different But I'm sure that was just an errant  faux pas on your part. Now excuse me, I have better things to do thank to talk with you. I have to go take a dump. Not one more peep out of you. 
 									Well good luck. 
 						just fuckin mute each other.wtf! 
 						just fuckin mute each other.wtf! 
 		Bottom Text 
 		Bottom Text 
 This is really funny if you don't like Jeremy Cunt oh sorry Corbyn 
 This is really funny if you don't like Jeremy Cunt oh sorry Corbyn 
    Fuck! Fuck! Noo!   The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America!   Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court!   You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites!   And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
 	Too bad the Nazis were left wing, genius. I suppose they chose Nsdap as a party name because it looked nice on their letterhead  
 		There is only one z in La Razza, dipshit. Your response doesn’t even make any sense you dumb little cunt 
 		There is only one z in La Razza, dipshit. Your response doesn’t even make any sense you dumb little cunt 
 I'll never look at a bag of onions the same again  click on pic 
 	and to think.they traded the Irish for onions and paid top dollar for nigger slaves.  big mistake. 
 Have you ever thought of trying nigger for Thanksgiving dinner? 
 Fraternal order of police response to Jason Van Dyke murder verdict    
 Fraternal order of police response to Jason Van Dyke murder verdict    
 Do You Smell It ? Democrats Published 1 hour ago Last Update 5 mins ago  Lawyer who cleared Ellison of domestic abuse allegations is partner at firm that donated $500G to Dems 
 	Look Ma! A nigger with his mouth open! 
 Scout Schultz who committed suicide by cop after begging a cop to shoot him has been repeatedly claimed by Atlanta Antifa 
 	faggot shit 
 Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages   
 	another convincing argument for post natal abortion .Come on folks ,you know it makes sense ! 
 		He looks a right twat in those glasses, well he looks a right twat full stop. 
 Americans get real upset when anyone disrespects Real Indians, like Chief Dan George & Jay Silverhills who we grew up loving & respecting their honor & loyalty   "Today is a good day to die", but then I found out Pocahontas was scalped by Big White Chief. 
 				Notice how easy it is to drive the Democrat Nazi All Bat Shit Crazy 
 					Stfu Pussy. Go Suck Nigger Dick. 
 Well now. it appears that she is reproducing. Good thing we sent her to shithole Uk before. 
 	On behalf of the Uk. Please take this cunt back and whilst your at ,you can have Harry too. Now he's shown his true colours 
 If you are white, I’ll support you.    Christian    Pagan    Old    Young    Libertarian    Fascist    Traitor    
 	What about non white conservatives 
 		I’m a white nationalist man, I don’t know what you expected.  Most white nationalists would just have called you a nigger and been done with it, but I gave you many thoughtful responses. 
 		Lol! you're a retarded Nazi Fascist with a little Commie dick up you're ass.  
 	ok, thanks for the head's  up. call me? 
 	ok, thanks for the head's  up. call me? 
 Conservative white people built this country.  It was liberals who began slaughtering the natives.  We got along well with most early known tribes including the CHerokee.   Straight white people produced this country.  Faggot societies die out.  Look at them, they are childless. Straight is good, color is fine. 
 Aren't half her songs about ex-lovers?   I'm betting she turns dyke if she hasn't already. No way a quality man would want anything to do with her. 
 Rt :    Treasury Dept Official Leaked Trump Associates’ Financial Records To BuzzFeed  via  
 		Put this old twat in jail for a long stretch. I’d say it’s pretty stretched already.  
 Maybe we should stop MEMEing.  Naw.  Hahahahahaha 
 	The left is so Retarded that they do a sign that actually reiterates exactly what the meme means!  But they have No intelligence to figure that out!  Lol Democrats are Retards! 
 Whatever the flaws of the Republican Party as it stands, they are the only force on Earth capable of stopping our mortal enemies, the Democrats. We must help the Republicans to defeat the Democrats in order to earn our place in the power structure. If we turn on them, then we do not deserve the opportunity. 
 	Yes. Vote Republican because the Republicans will welcome the likes of Christopher Cantwell with open arms.    Reality: any candidate endorsed by Christopher Cantwell will have a black mark on their name and that candidate would disavow Cantwell and his ideas in a heartbeat. 
 		I don't get why people would give up the ballot box when it's easier to use than the jury or ammo boxes. They're literally this ancap smuggie. 
 			Here's how you use the ballot box. And it isn't Cantwell's retarded idea of voting unconditionally for the Gop.   
  
 	I got Fb banned for saying Hillary belongs in prison and Obozo should be tried and hung for treason.I have a whole 15 followers.Sad little leftist censor pukes.I'm Soooo dangerous.Assholes! But I dared to speak my mind.They couldn't tolerate that. 
 		They have a bunch of little faggot Sjw's who do nothing but look for offensive posts then report them to Fascistbook to get people banned.  
 Beautiful   Chanel Couture & Chad Diamond making good on ! (3of8)                           
 		Thank you!  
 		Thank you!  
  
 	The Clinton Cunt Sold America To The Highest Bidders. She Is A TRAIToR To THIs Country And Should Be Deported To Haiti To Be With The Kids She Also Fucked Over. Let TheM Chop Her Fat Ass To Pieces.  
 Creepy Porn Lawyer is just a dumbass     
 		 Exactly ! 
 		 Exactly ! 
  
 	Liberal=mentally ill! 
 		Gender blending is totally retarded Bs fabricated to control an idiot population for easy rape & pillage.  Liberals prove the point by being mentally ill. 
 What kind of vision? Does she have a clue about his job? What his next career project is going to be? What they are going to do with his money? What vision?  Ah, wait. I see it now - how to dress apparently, because men are too retarded to do that themselves. They built civilization, but they can't tie their shoes. Got it. 
 Let's get the party started! 
 	That Cunt has got a lot to hide. 
 I truly hate this globalist cunt Nikki Haley, even more than Hillary. 
 Do you guys pay for spring water?  Macdonalds gives it free 
 	I buy this shit  by the case. Theirs prob some nigger in Middlesboro that fills these up in his bathtub for Coke. double entendre right there did you catch it? Fawk Yeah! 
 	Fuck him off to Israel . see how he gets on there . cunt of a know-it-all! 
 Goodwin:   Nation could be sleepwalking into second civil war.  
 	Someone needs to put this cunt out of our misery. Now. 
 supporting the white poppy over the red is so bloody insulting, if this cunt knew anything he’d realise that many men were handed White feathers to shame them into fighting, men died because of that.   yet Symon *jewish cough jewish* of course doesn’t give a      
 Just look at this cunt  
 	 
 	 
 To all of you here it's been a pleasure and I will continue to be your favourite faggot on the radical agenda hosted by Christopher Cantwell Mwf 5-7 pm. christophercantwell.com 
  (YesWeCan.) A new  video titles ~ This Friday 10/19: YouTube Live Debate! Jesse Lee Peterson vs. David Pakman! 1 p.m. Pt / 4 p.m. Et ~     [phpGab]  
 	Packman is a faggot Jew. 
 She Lives With The Toxic Nigger & His Tranny In Their $8 Million Dc Lair  Dont Think For Even A Minute That They Are Not Behind All Of This 
 Exclusive  House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via  
 	That steering committee faggot better. But then again, I doubt we will 2 peat on the Senate side.  Now if it clears the house by Nov 6, is an entire other thing. 
 Diversity Hire Iii: Dems Are The Real Rapists 
 		 ! 
 		jumped up mulatto democrat plantation houseboy 
 Rt AMike4761    Sweden hit by third mosque arson attack in a week!  Have Swedes finally had enough?                    
 	When they start burning the hags in bags and neutering muzzie men, then I would say they had enough. 
  
 	I guess they aren't a "dead nigger storage" either. 
 Hondurans Paint Swastika On American Flag, Set It On Fire.  
 	If there are any magapeedes out there doubting that the mossad is behind this.    
 			Subvert the north w chinks and cram nigger flesh  from the south. Actually it's the plot line from the og red dawn film. 
 South African city set to seize land in national ‘test case’  -->the seizure of hundreds of acres of land from private owners, without paying for it, to build low-cost housing.   
 	Low cost housing, meaning they will pocket a majority of the money and put up dung huts for the masses! Lmao! Nigger will be a nigger to their own people, it's what they do! 
                       
 	Time to bring the troops back home and take out the treasonous Anti-American Zionist Fifth Column. 
 		Ah go fuck yourself 8200 ZioNazi Troll. 
 		Ah go fuck yourself 8200 ZioNazi Troll. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Nice! Dissociation is sometimes necessary, to stop comment spammers. But it is Not blocking, which makes your posts unreadable. 
 		I’ll never be a boomer faggot 
  
 	Then dick twat gets reelected. rip canada 
 trust the plan faggot  
 Bam!    Oh yes there are subversives among us.    "Soros (Jew), through his many funding ventures, has been busily infiltrating the Christian base in America to divide, and ultimately conquer, the religious minded within the Republican Party"    
 	soros is a jew by name only, not by religion 
 		Show me a human who is pure race anything and I will show you rainbow unicorn 
 			This is what Amerifats actually believe.   Most Europeans are still ethnically pure, dumbass. 
 				Still waiting for anybody's Dna proof. 
 								Ohhhh it was just you again Marty Graw.   Dude why don't you just let it go, we don't want you on Gab with your faggoty gay nazi fetish. 
 How many people think a sh1tskin wearing a shirt that says   "We will not be silent"  is just reinforcing this meme?         
 	This is one of the main reasons I hate going to a movie theater.   
 		I have had a free pass to a theater since august but have not seen any trailers for something worth going to 
 			Yeah i'm lucky to last 15 mins into a movie before all the Sjw checkboxes are filled & i'll walking out. 
 				The Meg was pretty based. An oil rig was turned into seaworld by a tattooed female engineer & it's structure didn't even hold up more than a few days after investors stopped by to look at investment.   Even the 5day old wetback build bridge in Fl lasted longer. Also needed STR8 white man to save the day. 
 Warren Family Tree     
 	Comical As Fucking Sht! What A Dumb AsS Bitch! Cunt Needs Some Jail Time! 
 1960 Cadillac Eldorado convertible 
 	Looks like a nigger car to me. 
 The government send us to war to fight Muslim countries    The Muslim council has gone made about a photo of British soldiers having a photo with Tommy Robinson, the very same Muslim council that said British soldiers are fair game for jihad attacks     Ive just heard that some of them soldiers have been sacked     
 		I think you’re looking into this post a little bit to much, it’s about young lads and a photo and our British establishment pandering to a known terrorist supporting Muslim council    we all know the Jews want to own the world and people in it    me I’m tackling Muslims raping terrorist gangs and appeasing governments 
 				Look calm down, take a chill pill    I’ve said what I’m against Muslims that are doing disgusting things to children and killing in the name of Islam     Like I said I know what the Jews are doing Soros, Rothschilds ect ect    But where I live Muslims are rapping and killing girls in Telford    we all have different agendas 
 					muzzies start raping and killing girls where i live, we gonna have muzzie hunting parties 
 We will not let the army submit to Islam through political correctness - YouTube  
 	This what fake new are going on about jelous cunt has I say he got friends and that s has English people not Muslim or Islam do you wonder why ever one hate the English s because we  
 The Socialist Retard    
 Hey cunt this isn't the kitchen. You may fuck off now. 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					You heard it here first folks lol.  Please stop messaging my account. Thanks. 
 						Truth speakers and honest Christians are often slandered and hated. Used to it.  
 							We Know The Real Reason Why You Are Hated 
 								It’s not that whites are the real Jews, it’s that jews are not the true Israelites.  
 									sand nigger , or hijeb whats the fucking difference  
 I have a friend who considers himself a right-wing Christian. He is livid that I refuse to vote in the midterms (and has even threatened to end our friendship). His problem is that he listens to alt media filling his head with 4-D chess narratives.    This is why I have nothing but harsh invective for the American alt-right. You assholes are leading us off a cliff. 
 		Voting only matters when there's somebody worth voting for. Other than a few exceptions like Steve King, where are these based politicians? They're all useless shits.   I don't even have excessively high standards - basic civ. nationalism is fine, don't cuck on immigration, fund the damn wall, etc. The Gop fails basic standards of acceptability. Fuck them. 
 				1) we already have a Gop majority in the Senate and no nuclear option. These morons are doing fuck all. And the current crop of candidates are cuckservatives.   2) Trump isn't being "betrayed" by his party - he *is* the Gop. What kind of a cuckold hires the former (((prez))) of Goldman Sachs to draft his econ policy? An open borders guy who voted for Hillary? 
 					You have no insight and clearly aren't paying any attention across the board. McCain was the first swamp critter to be executed, and there will be many, many more. Only the rest won't be done secretly and there will be no more deals. 
 						McCain wasn't executed, moron. He died a natural death.   QAnon is also a hoax. Where are all the thousands of arrested pedophiles?   Oh, and your God Emperor endorsed him, remember? After all the months Kelli Ward supported him, Trump shivved her in the back not once, but twice. 
 							Totally normal to "misspoke" and say "put to death" for someone who died by natural causes 
 								"Put to pasture" + "death" = "put to death". That is plausible. A simple mistake.   Do we know exactly why that was said? No. But it was plausible.   What is not plausible is a retarded QAnon conspiracy about a Rino conspiring to kill another (well respected) Rino for, umm, reasons. And admitting it on live Tv, which destroys the point of a conspiracy. 
 									Nice gotcha completely ignored my argument lmao, reminds me of pic related. I live in europe and english is not my main.  
 									Nice gotcha completely ignored my argument lmao, reminds me of pic related. I live in europe and english is not my main.  
 Americans. Not Black Americans. Not African Americans. Americans. Americans.     
 		Witey bad. injins good. witey survival bad. non white extermination of wites good. the perfect retard npc, parroting communist horse shit. 
 Nigger 
 	At one time, I truly had sympathy for people like these - this is no longer the case.     These wretched souls are totally engulfed by their hatred and will justify any actions, including violence, to destroy people who do not share their same, twisted views.  Be well. 
 		Any Sympathy For These Murderous Bastards Will Bring About Your Early Grave 
 		Any Sympathy For These Murderous Bastards Will Bring About Your Early Grave 
 "white womyn must divorce themselves completely from white men" 
 	another nigger begging to be exterminated. 
 AV1 Securities fraud prosecution due to false claims about Gab's size  AV2 Cut off payment processing - Under Way  AV3 Twitter mirror bot copyright claim  AV4 Massive Ddos attack  AV5 Massive spambot attack  AV6 Botnet brigading at scale  AV7 Cut off Microsoft cloud service - Under Way  AV7.1 Reddit mirror bot copyright claim 
 	There is it. How to kill Gab.   All spelled out. Seven major attack vectors, one minor one. 
 		You've left out the hypothetical class action suit by Pro users not receiving services advertised and paid for, but since the overlap between paying Pro users and True Believers is so large, that possibility may be moot. 
 			Conversely, the overlap between people actually harmed by Stumpy's grandiose promises and people too retarded to use a computer is so small, there may not be enough of them for a class action lawsuit. 
  's best song.   Look at what a happy, organic, jew-free society looks like.   I have visited with old people who lived under the Reich starting in the 1990s.   Even if they have been brain-washed into self hatred since,   they all admitted that the time of the Reich was the happiest, healthiest time in their lives, and some were moved to tears when telling of the times they got to see Hitler, the man who, for close to a generation, freed a people from the tyranny and demoralizing rule of the jew. Never forget, we fight for the human dignity of our women, our children, and the legacy of our ancestors, who, for a time, could rise in the morning and lay down to bed at night, having breathed every breath of their day as free men.   Live free or die, come to respect the man who Gandhi deemed one of the most just men in history  There are many paths to restoring health, and one of the best ones is to see through jewish historical revisionism, and accept Hitler into your heart as a liberator of man and a champion of human dignity.    
 	Hitler lost  WW2 champs and heroes   WW2 losers and zeroes  
 		And you are a faggot soy-boy. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 You deserved it! Nigger Whore! 
      *pigsblood*   Happy Halloween Takbir pig Allah Akbar hog entrails. "pigs"   HaPPiGSY hAlLoWeEn!   "Hmmmm.me hungry for Sand Nigger Stew! OiNk, oInK, yum-yum. crunch crunch- no part goes uneaten!"     
 Did they finally cut that retard Artem Lobov? 
 Pass my semen along, down your throat hole Cunt ! 
 	Three dots, mute user, problem solved 
 		Simply Put!   Lmao   I was ready to spend time Shit'n on this Dem-Commie rat.   Thx 
 		Simply Put!   Lmao   I was ready to spend time Shit'n on this Dem-Commie rat.   Thx 
 	Tawhidi is a self serving cunt just in it for the money and ego stroking. I am more of an Imam than he is. 
 	Tawhidi is a self serving cunt just in it for the money and ego stroking. I am more of an Imam than he is. 
 	 Maybe you could Judge a pickle contest at a county fair. Maybe. But you produce no Dread at all. You're just pathetic. Go ask mommy for hot pockets or pizza rolls.  #Q 
 		Mmm. pizza rolls. 
 		Mmm. pizza rolls. 
 Meet Dave Hogue, a design lead at Google.   Remember: we’re supposed to believe that there somehow isn’t a Leftist majority at Big Tech companies - that’s just a crazy conspiracy. 
 	Hey  & the    You may want to take notice of the threats made to you by google?    
 		send this retarded asshole to jail and seize  his asserts 
 Tfw you're getting persecuted on a free speech website by boomers again. 
 		Try brevity. No ones gonna read all that. 
 			Ok I'll try again just for you  >be degenerate loli posters on gab  >too retarded to read  >not even banned on twitter  >gab says fuck off  >Reeeee We'Re An OPPReSSED Class! Everyone Invade! 
 Rt :    Wonder Where Beto Gets His Funding? Huge Chunks Of Campaign Cash Come From Employees Of These Six Top Tech Companies via   
 	Beto is getting a shit ton of money from California billionaire retard Tom Steyer. 
 Time For a Little Background on Christine Ford    
 	 
 		How can anyone watch that and not see four retarded demons ? If you know anyone buying that B'S stay far away as they are mentally ill ( family or not ) 
 "Pneumonia" doesn't last 3 years.  
 	god it makes me ill people cheering for her . my fucking god people are fucking stupid, that heinous cunt should be publicly stoned to death  
 	For example. Obama is just as big of a corrupt lying piece of shit as Hillary but he has a huckster personality that was able to dupe a lot of stupid people. Hillary is incapable of human social interaction. 
 	For example. Obama is just as big of a corrupt lying piece of shit as Hillary but he has a huckster personality that was able to dupe a lot of stupid people. Hillary is incapable of human social interaction. 
 Morning normal followers. Did you ever in your life think you'd ever see someone having to explain to educational dullards that blacks don't have genes for committing crime? No, me neither lol   Then again, twenty years ago I never thought I'd ever have to explain that men can't become women either :) 
 	Are you scientifically illiterate? There are genes that govern/are linked to lack of impulse control. High correlation with crime. Additional genes linked to Iq, also high correlation with crime (absence of intelligence genes). Guess where Asians/Blacks/Whites fall on the scale? Exactly where you would Genetically expect. 
 		No. My degree is Geology and Astronomy. I've studied Genetics and Microbiology at uni too. Yes there are genes that control impulse and Iq. These do not automatically translate into crime genes or all thick impulsive buggers would commit crime. As I said all along culture and learned behaviour leads to crime. You just want blacks to be genetically inferior. 
 			Nobody Wants blacks to be genetically inferior.  That's Why they're niggers! If they Weren'T genetically inferior, there wouldn't be a nigger problem! That would be amazing!  Unfortunately, half a century of wishes didn't fix the nigger problem. 
 	 .howabout all that rape/thot shit Anglin's putting out?   I like what you've been saying on Heel Turn, butwhen it comes to your ol' komerad.crickets. 
 		You ride strikers dick pretty hard huh faggot ? 
 Cnn analyst: "If you sexually assault someone in high school, your life should be ruined"      
 	And if your life is ruined by an unfounded accusation? Then what should the dishonest cunt who made the accusation? Shouldn’t we ruin their lives, by dragging them through the court system under perjury charges?    I really hope this backfires on the Democrats and the midterms end up being red, because then we can get Jusge kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. 
 Not So Fast, Blue Wave  
 	So what is your suggestion? Beside Trump remorse because he hasn't cleared out the entrenched deep state govt machine filled with lifer govt employees in his 1st 1-1/2? And dismantled Congress & the Courts & turned the Us into a white utopia already. What exactly is your suggestion? What magic wand should we wave. Please do tell? 
 		Not sure what other people are doing but I am sitting out the midterms. I'm not going to vote to reelect the Gop Congress which condemned us exclusively for Charlottesville 
 				Lol these faggots still with that wignat shit licking trumps nuts ricky vaughn was a faggot 
 This is what the left is really scared of.     
 	That literally looks like a monkey. Why are we supposed to pretend it’s a person bc it’s wearing a red hat?  
 		Fash Girl: you literally look like a stupid cunt. Why are we supposed to pretend you're a person because you wear a retarded arm band? 
 im voting for John James for michigan senate you fuckin retarded dems! how did that whole white nationalist propaganda work out for ya? how many millions if not billions were wasted on ya bullshit attempt to make my movement look racist, muhahahahhahahaaa 
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	By what genetic metric are you not white? 
 		You are not a serious person. You look white and if you committed a crime, like sending shit through the Us Mail the J-Left media would identify you as white. So, I have no reason to believe you. So, if hypothetically, I gave you the address of the local Synagogue, and you are actually a big enough retard to ship shit to it, you will be Id'd as a White. 
 I don't care who it offends. Some of you see these people as refugees looking for a better life here in the United States. I see things for what they truly are, I see an army of fighting aged men carrying a battle flag knocking on our doorstep. Carry Tb that kills more people than any other disease!    You let that sink in real good before you leave any shitty comments. 
 	This is exactly what we’ve had in Europe! These people Are fighting age men & they’re coming to try to fuck you up! Get ready America! The West is about to be tested. Will you step up to the plate? 
 		This so-called 'caravan' is nothing new. Each week, more than 4K people are taken into custody at our Southern border!    During our most recent month, (September) more than 17K people were taken into custody!     President Trump is 'powerless' concerning our immigration woes, first our immigration laws must be changed, before we can have real change! 
 			Invaders must be shot. They won't stop otherwise. 
 				How many have you shot today? 
 					Relax guy.  Build your pantries.   These welfare dorks can not even feed themselves.   In the end.    
 						I guess that's why we have Snap for em. 
 								Just like all our other social programs, don't need money, just add it to our deficit! 
 								Just like all our other social programs, don't need money, just add it to our deficit! 
 Radicalised twat who converted to Islamic extremism and joined Isis is now wetting his pants in a Syrian jail.Why not just shoot the motherf-r!  Isis vermin need eradicating, not tea and sympathy.    
 	Poor little mite .you made your bed an' all Lol  
 		Yeah I thought that too but his popularity has waned in the past year or so  
 		Yeah I thought that too but his popularity has waned in the past year or so  
     Everything Bubble Continues into Full Retard Mode. 
 Cunt ! 
 Actress Ellen Barkin: Trump Should Be ‘Removed Not Just from Office’    
 	Radical Communist Lesbo Faggot I hope gets executed. Barkin is an evil Pos just like all of them.  She has appeared many times on the Depraved Channel aka Bravo Channel's Watch what happens live with Faggot Maggot Khazar Zionist Bastard Andy Cohen. They are all in the same Satanic Nest.  Tic Toc their time is coming but just not soon enough to suit me. 
 Race-haters on Gab poll. What percentage are shills to damage pro-white causes?    (For added clarity:  Hate is understandable, but ineffective, and a naive too, imo. Know your enemy, but be strategic. Nonstrategic vitriol drives potential sympathizers away. In fact, vitriolic hatred is what a shill might do to taint a movement.)   I don't usually use the word "racist" because it's overly used. I'll use the term "race-hater" to refer to someone who just spews hatred publicly and tactlessly.   Are race-haters on Gab shills that want to taint the otherwise cordial race awareness dialog? What percentage do you think might be shills? Or are they being genuinely vitriolic?   (e.g. You can like in-group preference and ethnostates while not hating others. You can fight wars and not be driven by hatred.) 
 		Ha ha. You're so wrong.  If by "most don't hate other races" you mean conservatives, rightists and even pro-white advocates in general then I agree. If you mean those on Gab - then this entire poll is an argument against you.  1) Read my post 2) Read replies 3) Assess a simple ratio of people replying to this poll that are defending hatred as a valid approach to pro-white endeavors. 4) Reply and tell me what you find.  My message is clear. Hatred isn't helping. Don't conflate pro-white with hateful of others. It's such a bad strategy that I suspect many many shills. 
 		Your Poll is meaningless because people are rarely even honest with themselves. The response I would like to give could never hope to fit in my allocated letter count.  
 		Let's say that's true. There is still information to gather even if it's not as obvious as how people answer. 
 		Thanks Debbie but you're preaching to the choir with me =) 
 		Thanks Debbie but you're preaching to the choir with me =) 
 The Allies would tell freshly captured Axis soldiers,    'Enjoy the war while you can - the peace will be terrible'.    Four times more Germans died in the surrender of Germany than during the entire war.     
 	.This piece of shit >----@TruthWillOut <----is a fucking  and a dis-information  working for the assholes in !   There is zero evidence to substantiate that this many germans died. Did some die because they weren't onboard with the 3rd Reich which was 80-90% homosexual? absolutely not! They were doing most of the killing!    
 		Heh heh, a little triggered are we? The truth fears no investigation.  Feel free to debunk what I have produced using credible sources & not memes.  Meanwhile, why not start here with the (((Freemasons))) & their genocidal bloodlust against Christians?   
 			.If you are  you're a flaming faggot queerbait nazi dickhead who don't have a clue about wtf is going on.  
  
 	Come , more than just the actual perps need to be arrested and punished for their crimes. Models/actors like the twat in the pic must answer for their offenses against the White race- 
  
 	I seriously doubt this useless nigger even knows what a communist is! She just thinks it's fashionable because some rag head bitch told her so! 
 Love and support your race, my white brothers and sisters.   Whites (European-descended peoples) are only 7% of the world's population. We have the right to exist and the right to our own ethno-states.              #Q    
 	Do Not Be Deceived. End Cultural Marxism  is a nazi propagandist who sometimes uses a truth to Race Bait and Lure then 'pivot' into Jew Hating, Race Baiting fascism and nazism. Highly skilled and Evil Nazi Propagandist. deal with him and his nazi minions accordingly  
 		who cares if hes a nazi? shut up, faggot. no one cares if hes a nazi or not. whats so wrong with being a nazi?> you wouldn't care if he was literally a communist terrorist. so shut the fuck up, retard 
 I was gonna try to think of some witty and pithy lead-in to this bit, but I'm so utterly sick of Pelosi and the democrats that i'm also tired of writing about them, or at least for free. Lets just say protesters really let her have it in Florida.      . 
 		 
 			Anti-white traitor bought by jews to destroy America, a nigger communist who hates white ppl, and a fraudulent lunatic communist who pretends to be an indian. There fixed it for ya Bud.  
 That lying Cunt   Hillary Clinton!    
 You are most definitely right. I understand andrew not wanting to do anything about them but this faggot spent all of last night using a bot to spam me. How is he on top of the bot stuff but sopkike is still here? 
 Cunt ! 
 Cunt ! 
  check this shit out, bruh    
 	this old fucking cunt Jew needs to hang and have her entire family gassed. 
 i support hanging the nigger muslime obama hussein  
  
 	Dumb Cunt Bitch is a real threat to America !   The Cunt has never accepted She Lost !   Now it's Mob Rule ! 
 	"Pro-Lifers kill millions every year"  ummm.Link? 
 		Yep 
 	Read the profile, parody acct. Not the real  account.  
 		started in Sept 2018. and he's not blocking haters. so yeah, parody account.  
 	He's claiming this is a parody account.don't believe that Bs for a minute folks.it's him. 
 	His name is Jordan, but he goes by Mike. 
 	His name is Jordan, but he goes by Mike. 
 Drudge is all in on gaslighting the right. Pushing headline after headline of this mythical Blue Wave.   Look into the data, and you'll see that this will not be the bloodbath that the Left is looking for. The Democrats are way down from where they were in 2006 when they took the House; they are easily losing 4 seats in the Senate.  
 	As long as republicans aren't outright discouraged from going to the polls by information that seems too bleak, I think it's important to make it seem like we need to fight hard to make a blue wave not happen.   A narrative of "we can stop it if we just turn out" is way better than a narrative of "the blue wave was horseshit we have this in the bag". Complacency sinks more ships than loose lips, that's for sure. 
 			maybe it's a bad bet but assuming these retarded teenagers are the same fucks who went out to vote for bernie they're just gonna stew in malcontent instead of get out a vote for some other randoms, unless said random is offering student loan forgiveness. 
 "Leaking" Feinstein . . .   That is a great triple-purpose nickname for a feckless old cunt who is wearing Depends, who hired a Chinese spy on her staff and whose staff members have forwarded their buddies in the media the identities of those who've asked for anonymity. 
 While Gab is still functioning I've placed my protonmail address in my bio if anyone wants to stay in contact after the website is (mercifully) sunset in a few days. Might start a profile elsewhere too, but for now feel free to send me a message even if it's just to call me a cunt 
 	I believe the Japanese and Chinese would disagree with you, the Persians had a vast Empire at one time, and were the Mayans taken down by Jews? You're so precious, child 
 		The Jewish Supremacist Media is who came up with this bulshit White supremacist garbage!  There is no White supremacists, only Jewish Supremacists!  Obviously all Jews are Racist Pigs correct? Can we at least agree that Jews are Retarded and complete inferior beings? 
 	i just think the old boomertards are wrong when they say "hurrr you're too ugly to get raped." tell that to the great-grandmother who got raped and stabbed by the teenager. it's not unheard of in the diverse parts of town. 
 Lets not forget this lying cunt that derailed a republican senate seat for more than one million dollars in payment. 
 John Lennon - "Woman is the nigger of the World"    
 In anticipation of  release, I thought I'd create a poll on Queen's most overlooked/underrated song 
 	lol the guy calling everyone a homophobic slurs, it's great that you can see how stupid people are on here. As Voltaire said "let the bullies and cowards speak aloud and they'll be seen for what they are"  
 		faggot 
 The Goyim know why Jews fear Shariah law. Shariah condemns and Hangs homosexuals. Like they do in Iran to faggot Jews. 
 I say Nigger often and all Whites must do the same.  They are Not us.  Niggers are despicable and degenerate ape-like filthy black beasts deserving of extreme hatred and contempt. Non-white vermin scum are Not Americans and Do Not belong in White Lands.  White race traitors and degenerate jews compel a final solution. 
 What a piece of shit. The only good thing out of reading this is that everyone around her let her know what a piece of shit she was. Meanwhile, Reddit praises her.    
 	I would have divorced her ass too, hubby and family did the right thing. What a selfish evil twat 
 That thing which raped a two week old baby has been attacked in prison. Good old Ulster.         
 	My country. 
 		The cunt may hang himself.because he wont get away with it.trust me. 
 Writer for the Colbert Show wrote this Tweet yesterday.  She deleted it and locked her account right afterwards.   We will make sure this vile Tweet gets around so the American people know where to place their vote in November! 
 	What a ho and a cunt  
 Google bias everybody. Brought to you by David Hogue, design lead.     
 	*The Commie Faggot known as Dave Hogue.  His official title  
 The MAGAtards have turned an anti white nutjob nigger into a national hero. Even /ourguy Tucker was waxing poetic about Kanye. The Jews probably laugh their assess off when they see this 
    
 		Ahh Thomas is such a breath of fresh air! I would temper his thought in saying that the us is a constitutional republic not a democracy. 
 			True that. Perhaps he meant they are a 'partial-democracy', rather than a direct democracy like Canada? 
 			True that. Perhaps he meant they are a 'partial-democracy', rather than a direct democracy like Canada? 
 Folks, Please, get your e-mails in to Potus, let your followers know what's going on. Gab is acting really whacky this a.m., taking forever to load notifications which do not load. Quoting from an earlier post below:   Attention all Gabbers:   From @a Andrew: "Breaking: , Gab’s new hosting provider, has just pulled our hosting service. They have given us until 9am on Monday to find a solution. Gab will likely be down for weeks because of this. Working on solutions. We will never give up on defending free speech for all people."    From me: Please e-mail Potus Trump - this is election tampering in my opinion. Gab is one of the last bastions where conservatives can speak without censorship, and we need to protect our rights.   Why aren't Twitter and/or Facebook being sanctioned? For the very same post Gab is?   PayPal denies Gab service, where does it end? Will banks be closing our accounts and denying us service because we are conservatives?      And this morning on Fox, more headline news involving Gab:    
 		I mute freely.  
 		I mute freely.  
 Dflaepic Daily Fail: MailOnline Smears Dfla Using Pictures of Antifa   So-Called ‘journalist’ Bhvishya Patel penned the hit piece and got many things wrong about the event and included pictures of Antifa which had the capition: Violent scenes have spilled across central London today following a silent march by the Democratic Football Lads’ Alliance          
 	The mail has gone full retard left since it was taken over.  
 A very important statement by Richard Spencer on Heel Turn.    Spencer describes the problem of the alt-right surrender to Movement Conservatism.     
 	I've never liked Spencer but I will say that his takes have gotten better in certain areas recently. He at least understands that pandering to the Gop isn't a solution, and I agree with the Npi data on Whites becoming a minority in 2031.    
 		Greg Johnson's written a big article slamming Spencer over at Cc.  It's a good summary, but Greg's idea that hailgate was the end of the world is very questionable. Greg should stick to archivist, not activist.  
 			Here is the article by Greg Johnson. Read it and decide for yourself. I agree with some of it, some of it is objectionable.      The part about heilgate smacks of ill-will. One can place some blame on Richard Spencer for the seig heiling debacle at Npi, but to not even mention who actually did the heiling when that person is known personally to Greg Johnson is absurd. You can blame Spencer for inviting that individual, but Spencer didn't know that Enoch was going to organize heiling at the Npi event.   Who am I talking about? Mike Enoch of course. Greg knows that Mike Enoch did the heiling, and still supported Enoch long after the event. How can you have a problem with Spencer and not with Enoch for the exact same incident? The answer is that you can't and the incident at Npi is being used battering ram against Spencer. The amnesnia in the rank and file about Mike Enoch's role in the Npi heiling incident is one of the queerer things about the alt-right. Proof that Greg Johnson supported Mike Enoch after heilgate below.      Of course you can go around saying "don't purge" and then write polemics that if successful will have the exact effect of purging. 
 				In 2015, we would've Celebrated "Heilgate". As the Bluechecks raged, we would anoint Spencer "The Heil-master", we would've had a "Heil Contest", "Heil Art". and laughed our asses off as the Bluechecks went bonkers. "Heilgate" was a turning point: When we stopped laughing and submitted to the (fake) moral outrage of our enemies. 
 					Here is the problem with Heilgate as I see it: There is a time and a place for everything. Seig heiling at a supposedly high brow think tank with guests that direct their propaganda at normies (like Peter Brimelow) was a huge faux pas, and worse, a unforgivable lack of movement discipline. The swastika flag guy that mysteriously marched in Charlottesville would have been the cherry on top had he appeared at Npi.   Who was Mike Enoch to make the decision to do that? If Richard Spencer wanted to do that he could, it being his event. As it is Mike Enoch did it and got none of the blame. In fact on the Trs forum they allowed attacks on Richard Spencer for what happened at Npi and banned anyone that mentioned Mike Enoch's pivotal role in it.   Whether one finds Roman saluting aesthetically pleasing or not is irrelevant. If there was proper discipline, it never would have happened. Unlike the swastika flag guy who could have been anyone, including an enemy, Mike Enoch was already well known in the movement. He should have known better. 
 						If we're not laughing, we're losing. When we started scratching our chins in deep philosophical musings about the moral or aesthetic value of something.we've already lost. 
 							They were drunk and celebrating young men. Who gives a fuck? Also: It was Spencer'S retarded choice to invite the media into the event. (And he gave one of his usual gay, lisping speeches about "films" and philosophy and the dudes were looking to let off steam after his faggotry.) 
 	Someone from the Secret Service needs to pay this wanker cunt a visit and give her a very serious talking-to. She's not being funny. 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John. go home to Queenie.    
 Bono wants Africa and the Eu to join forces against Trump and the Us and take over the world   Good luck with that     
 	Somebody already tried that and he ended up shooting himself in the head and killing his missus and having petrol poured all over him and set alight so the Russians couldn't get his body apparently but the rumour is he made it to Argentina lived out his life Bono is a dick head globalist and an all-out cunt  
 You can't last in a debate so you and your friends spam faggot porn and then go jerk eachother off and call everyone nazis, then when you get called out you deny it like we don't know what you're doing. This ends with you being banned you big gay. 
   Discover in  Consulate Evidence of   - Report                    
 	does anyone really give a damn that another muzzie bit the dust at the hands of another muzzie in a muzzie country ? 
 Democrats have openly stated (many times) they will repeal the 2nd.    Red 
 		Kike cunt 
 Georgetown Professor: " White Men Should Die Horrible Deaths, Their Corpses Should Be Mutilated Before Being Fed To Pigs"   => The Punishment, Paid Leave -- A Vacation.    
 	Hang The Cunt 
  
 	The Difference between Republican women and dirt bag democrats is as plain as a picture/. 
 		Or an actual chick next yo a bull dyke and Mike 
 This woman is great - Share!        
 	well. people just Need To Shoot Those Communist Bastards Who Try And Steal Ones Child Or ChildREN. glad i'm not raising kids today, and back  when those Communist Sob'S Started That FOrCE Busing Bs, I SToOD Up And My Son Wasn'T Bussed Across Our ToWN To Some Nigger School. because i grabbed his Principle By The  Stacking Swivel And ToLD Him I Would Whip His Ass Everyday Until He Got TYHe Fking Message. of course he called the cops, they came to my home  and i told them i Meant What I Said. they relayed this back to that Pussy Principle, and told him he had better listen, he did, end of problem, and Parents Need To Use FOrCE To End THis Bs ToDAY.   
 Al Jazeera is anti-Israel, anti-America, and downright hateful to the Jewish people.: Americans deserve to know if it is also acting as a foreign agent for the Qatari regime.  
 	Take Canada and America out of your tag.jews hatched in the west are jews period.Al-jazeera is great.Bye cunt 
  
 	Fuck you, cunt, and your Narnia delusion.  
 		twat 
 		twat 
 Yes, that’s a threat. The Left is promising violence against anyone who dares stand against them.   They are not prepared for what they are about to start. 
 		Faggot report wants his followers to beat up old ladies. 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	I checked. Lots of Nigger girls on this show. So, why did they pair a Nigger male with a White, blue-eyed blonde? This is disgusting racism. Perhaps if they wish to be truthful, they should show the Nigger raping the Blonde, yes? 
 It's amazing how easily this kike cunt lies and tries to erase Bildos history.    
 you are nothing but a fucking retard  
 	Kirsten is signaling. She wants more air time. 
 	Kristen Powers used to fuck Anthony Weiner. 
 	Kristen Powers used to fuck Anthony Weiner. 
 I heard a rumour that back in her college days someone put some Uranium in Warren's Tampax as a prank. Here's the scary thing; if that is true, she is the worlds first nuclear powered dumb cunt and she can run forever and will never need refuelling. 
 If you need help getting rid of the tranny porn I will volunteer to be a moderator. You need the help of Gab users to get rid of this sick shit.  And before some moron says "But, muh free speech!" Posting Fairy Gay Faggot Tranny Porn Is Not Free Speech. 
 It's not bad enough  unwantedly has to infiltrate multiple aspects of our lives. Now that fucking Cunt  is going to psycho analyzes us. Close & Delete Your  accnts, chop fucking chop      
 Get in faggot yids. 
 faggot nigger 
 There is some kind of malformation in the nigger "brain" that makes it behave the way it does.  
 Flat Top Mountain-Fairview Nc, Across The Valley From Where My "Witch" Ancestor Lived 
 	Nobody has ever had a problem with us Southern Appalachian Mountain people being witches but you should be ashamed to have hillbillies in your family tree. 
 		*I* am a hillbilly. Still have kin up th' mountain. I'm a hillbilly made good, gone to college for engineering, but I remember my roots and I've got no time for bigots. 
 		*I* am a hillbilly. Still have kin up th' mountain. I'm a hillbilly made good, gone to college for engineering, but I remember my roots and I've got no time for bigots. 
 	Yeah 
 			 
 					 -- Gee, I'm touched - right on down to my bowels! That's already two reposts (apologies if I haven't returned the favor) and I'm wondering what it will take for a trifecta? 
 						oh you will see Lol 
 						 -- Tell you what I'm going to do ol' chum before I vamoose. I'll ease up a bit on the throttle and go with something you and your Neopagan cronies might find delightful. A little old school tune to brighten.errr, darken one's day. ;-)  "Inner Sanctum" ~ Memorandum   
 						go away  
 						<rubs hands and utters a prayer> Okay, it seems Gif's, an "old school" darkambient & tribal tune and the Sisters Of Mercy didn't score me a well-deserved hat trick. I think I know the one that will put me over the top. Hit it grrrrrrls.  "Philosophy of The World" (full album) ~ The Shaggs    
  
 		Clearly the retarded one is you. 
 Nigger murderer want's portrait of Lee removed from Virginia courthouse.     
 Here's why being civil with a faggot leftist is a waste of time. He posted a few times, abandoned Gab, and only came back to taunt us.  
 .@Msnbc Producer Promotes GoFundMe for Kavanaugh Accuser Dr. Christine Blasey Ford  via  
 	Yeah, the lying cunt only has a million so far!  I really hope hackers take everything she owns.I hope shes victimized every day for the rest of her life! 
  
 	a nigger meets another moron 
 8 trans porn spammers in less than 24 hours: Jill Henderson, Ron Steinburger, Nigger Hater, Jesus Saves, Jennifer, Kavanaugh Won!, Dindu Nuffin and Go Poz.  I have no idea why I am included on the list. I never reported anyone or anything untill yesterday. @a @e  
    Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke Found Guilty Of Second-Degree Murder 
    Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke Found Guilty Of Second-Degree Murder 
 The only reason it's bad optics is because the bombs were crude and non-functional and none of the targets were taken out.  It'd be fantastic optics if Hillary and/or King Nigger got splattered by a real bomb. 
 news flash anti jew nazis on here.White People Invented Socialism Communism! so we gota hate all the whites too! if u blame jews for every evil plot u see in everything then hate ur white nazi self for being white and inventing the evil socialism communism 
 		couldnt careless about kikes.but i damn sure get pissed off when a mofo hangs innocent man for a crime someone else commited and God Damn It You Sir Are Ready To Lynch Any Mofo For His Great Hrand Dads Crimes So Fuck Ur Hick Redneck Ass In Oregone! 
 Fuck You Nigger 
 Nigger duchess of sussex? 
 	No Fear gravity wins for everybody. 
 	No Fear gravity wins for everybody. 
 Cunt ! 
  
 	This meme should be removed immediately. This is not funny. You are doing more damage to Trump than Feinstein and Murkowski. Then again maybe that is your intent. Some people have a really sick mind. 
 		Nope, you're just saying faggot stuff and clutching your pearls.  Not an argument, faggot 
 ‘The View’ host Sunny Hostin says Trump could lie about a terror attack: ‘I would not put that past him’  
 	Cunt  
 wtf? i love zulus now!   the future may bring many strange alliances 
 	Truth be told, the white farmers have probably done much more for the Zulu people than the government over there.  So to them, it's probably a no brainer.  I've seen farmers up in Michigan sell food to the community by leaving a donation box out.  Seeing that blew my mind.  Where I live the blacks would steal the food and the box of money! 
 		nigger kids will grab everything out a candy container ppl leave out on halloween. 
 Oppressed woman   caustic femininity    
 		I wouldn't tell, a lot of retarded white guys talk like that too. Either way this bitch needs to be given to Isis as a sex slave or whatever.  
 	And this is why I don’t do the dating apps.   every time I would go through their list of suggested potentials they were 90% black or brown.   thanks, but no thanks. 
 		Same study that said cunt hiLIARy would win 2016 
 Dude, he's never gonna get it. This Johnny Rotten with Aids looking faggot is a 50+ year old oil driller in a leftist nation with no children to consider their future for. Also Britian is fucked, no Brexit and Muzzies keep pouring in and taking over while the Jew rubs his hands behind the scenes.  
 Abbott dodges the question on using nuclear weapons. An utterly retarded cunt     
 Why are trump supporters so utterly and profoundly stupid? 
 	Not just their stupidity. For stupid is as stupid does and there is plenty of stupid to go around on both sides. It's their cult like devotion to a man who don't give a fuck about anybody but himself. Blows me away that Trump cultists really believe this sack of shit really gives a rats ass about any of them. lmao  
 		It is crazy. especially like the redneck white trash folks they are like 100% in on Trump. It's so weird. Like he'd ever get caught dead hanging out with them at a backyard party drinking Bud Light and playing beer pong?  He doesn't care about the poor, he's never been poor, but he's a good salesman I guess.  
 It's Cater. Can't you bloody read? 
 		I'd say no, you can't read too. If you could you'd have Googled Jews and Ethnicity before digging your hole. Top tip. Always fact check before you state facts. I do :) 
 Jep, the Jews are the real Nazis. Typical faggot strategie  Nobody buys that and the Jews profit because of the use of the term as a "demonic name" against Their enemies. 
 Can Minnesota, Oregon and Maine Be Sued?    Third gender option for driver's license.    Where do they hold someone third gender, whom is arrested?    
 	asinine . even Texas has a gender X option for driver licenses. It should be Male, Female, Retarded 
 I have empathy for my fellow human beings, these soulless creatures that manifest themselves as democrats are not human, but are evil incarnate, make plans my brothers and sisters, these vile beings will be, in the very near future, at our door and it is up to us to decide what we are willing to sacrifice to stop the insidious infection they will bring to us 
 	Dj,  Nov. 6th and your day of Truth & Consequences draws nearer by the hour. Those early voters do Not favor your side. Either way the 'vile, evil incarnate beings' are coming to a neighborhood near you soon. Like the Walking Dead, they cannot be stopped at the ballot box. Lock your doors. The Boogey Man , in his black majesty, is coming to  a theater near you soon. ha  
 		if, tee, I had my choice of having my eye pried out of my skull with a rancid oyster shell or being in the near vicinity of a nigger cock, I would dig my eye out myself, both eyes as a gesture of my commitment. face it, would you want to suck a nigger dick? 
 It looks like Kamala Harris offered Democratic senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, a $400,000 bribe to vote no on Brett Kavanaugh    
 		Kick 99.9999999999% of them out! 
 		Kick 99.9999999999% of them out! 
 	You’ve been (((played))) Murika. 
 		cya Retard 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 														             Look, a fresh faggot who likes to Larp as an impossibility,trying to be some imaginary communist version of Milo. It's so surreal that all you can do is literally attempt totry and pull your horseshit here, because daddy isn't coming to  savr you. 
 I didn't say you are a Nazi. I pointed out that half of the Jew haters on here call themselves Nazis lol 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 Every single time, without fail. 
 	Stupid brainwashed twat 
 I made a new group called Right Wing Cooking Squad, where you can share your favourite food recipes, tips and pics! Feel free to join!      
 	fuck your new group cunt 
 How many are tired of the mindless shit being thrown out about Boomers?    Raise your hand.    Hahaha these kids are cute though, aren't they, even if they do need a good trip to the wood shed. 
 	We call millennials soy boys and cucks all the time and we don’t cry over it. We understand that there’s a lot of fucked up crap about our generation, but since we know that stuff doesn’t pertain to us personally we don’t whine about it. Boomers are way to self conscious and sensitive. It makes you look like you know you’re guilty deep down inside. Just saying. 
 		It's because of narcissism. A classic boomer trait.   Most millennials who post here can admit that we are a very flawed generation. The soyboy and Npc memes came from us. Boomers can't even take a joke.   A simple "yes, we apologize, and we'll do everything we can to reverse the decline" would suffice. Nope. They keep voting for retards and we pay the price. 
 			Yeah you’re right. We criticize every single aspect of Society, including ourselves. Out of all the things we criticize, boomers stand head and shoulders above the rest as the most thin skinned, crybaby mother fuckers there is. There’s some good boomers, but on average, man, they’re one hell of a self entitled whiny group. 
 					So go make a career, then you won't have time to boomer bash and if you have success, you'll realize how petty and childish it comes across.  I'm surprised, with all the boomers have stuff rants, that there's not one little man-child that isn't raging about that.  Of course, not you special flower. 
 						Who are you talking to? I hope you’re not talking to me because if you are than you look senile, because you’re responding to shit I didn’t even say, other than the word stuff. I said I don’t need a boomers stuff because I already have a career and my own stuff. You boomers, your race is dying and all you’re concerned with is someone getting your stuff 
 							Not quite.  As I pointed out, you're the special flower.  Quite surprisingly you never noticed the envy that goes along with the rage of the boomer bashers.  Like any bums, I still got nothing for ya man.  Not feeling sorry and it's easy to consider the source when you men-children are pitching a fit. 
 								I had ancestors during that time, and probably left a big cum stain in the back of your mom's car.  Yes, I am a new race, because the White race is at a fork.  It's the start of a very eugenic time for whites.  Anything else the triggered faggot generation needs to go all Village People about? 
 I could seriously go back to  becoming a Democrat when I read the hateful and despicable replies from those who call themselves Republicans! You all are not better or different than the other team! Just the same in your talk and your walk! 
 	Teams? The whole game of politics is a retarded merry-go-round. And guess who pushes it? 
 After spending the night in the D.C. jail, I bet he has a whole different appearance this morning after his overnight indoctrination into the Real World. 
 	This faggot loves night time in jail. ask bubba. 
  Civil War Alert: Leftists openly plot mass executions of Conservatives as Democrats release home addresses of Republican Senators   
 	Demonrats are fairy gay faggot socialist bitches. 
 Try not to gag.but.oh boy, Terrance.you really "went there!"      Terrence K. WilliamsVerified account    Don Lemon you sleep with a white man every night but had the nerves to tell Kanye to stop acting like he need white folks in his life. So he can’t support a white man but it’s okay for you to be married to one. Boy Bye 
 		I wondered the same thing.obviously a soy boy so probably one of those "white guilt" freaks. 
 		I wondered the same thing.obviously a soy boy so probably one of those "white guilt" freaks. 
 	How white people should be responding to nigger incursions. 
 I don't know if loliposters are animeright but since you're defending them I'm lumping you together because you're clearly connected. The only strawman is calling everyone a boomer like the retarded weeb you are. 
 Shes not coming back. she already said that after the 2016 election cycle. stop being retarded 
 	You support zionism. That makes you part of the problem. 
 	Any / everything you buy today supports the  AshkeNAZI Khazarian Zionist Mafia pretending to be a Jew filth The paper fiat you use was created by them Know who owns you The Top 13 families are the: Bloodlines of Illuminati; This is tomorrow’s generation, a chosen few.  the  
 	Any / everything you buy today supports the  AshkeNAZI Khazarian Zionist Mafia pretending to be a Jew filth The paper fiat you use was created by them Know who owns you The Top 13 families are the: Bloodlines of Illuminati; This is tomorrow’s generation, a chosen few.  the  
 Hey Ed.you need to check on your friend, John. I've been toying with him, and he's reached Level 5 Foaming at the Mouth.sad.    
 	Damn! You made the motherfucker rabid! 
 		Afraid so.and the  "talked" to him. 
 			Oh yeah! Forgot about those retarded comments.  
 		Aaaand - Israel's national Iq is nigger tier.  
  
 		Are you saying cancer is going to kill you? How much more jew allopathic chemo and radiation treatments do you like before remission?   You have lots of folks on gab that care about you. Maintain the feisty personality and keep fighting! 
 		open casket ban is due to flies, if you thought they attracted flies when they're alive. 
 		"Are you saying cancer is going to kill you? " Cancer will never kill emily. Neither will old age. She's immune to both 
 		 
 			10/10 would lay roses 
 				Unironically wish you the best though. 
 			National day of mourning. 
 			feb 31st was months ago-are you a holy ghost? 
 		Don't die on us child. You gotta grow up and make StormTroopers for Rahowa! 
 		Don't die on us child. You gotta grow up and make StormTroopers for Rahowa! 
 Keep on the boomer nigger guys.  Fuck him, he's nothing.  We control the future.  Ugly as that may get. 
 Hah! Pocahontas Warren Releases Dna Analysis - Claims She Is Around 1/512th Native American  via  
 	what a goyim retard 
 	A few of these guys along the border wouldn't hurt, either! 
 	A few of these guys along the border wouldn't hurt, either! 
 	yeah.notice how many people are talking about You! it's well known here on   that you're bat shit crazy. 
 	So now you've dragged me into your delusion since I identified your "beamer" as a Ford Fiesta. Do everyone a favor and tell your doctor that the Tv is talking to you. He will help you. 
 	So now you've dragged me into your delusion since I identified your "beamer" as a Ford Fiesta. Do everyone a favor and tell your doctor that the Tv is talking to you. He will help you. 
 Hey Muzzie Let Me Shake Your Hand   not your left one though.   you havent learned how to use toilet paper yet. 
 Nbc Airs ‘Megyn Kelly Today’ Repeat as Tensions With Anchor Rise  via  
 		Yes.I'm sure that plays a big role in this. (lol) 
 		She's pissee cuz she didn't get a fake bomb 
 		She's pissee cuz she didn't get a fake bomb 
 Our President - the liar!    
 	That nigger better watch his ass if he comes here again. 
 Eddie 2MtBottles:    So I guess professor Ford is making arrangements to fully pursue her "allegations".what's that, she's not? Just taking her go fund me million and ride off? Hmmm, no one saw that coming.btw, I'll hold your beer while you protest the actions of these fine men. 
 	2 of them look retarded & two look like cheap used car salesmen 
 			My advice to you is to buy a steak. Even if it’s just a sirloin. 
 				Most excellent advice! 
 				Wrap it in Bacon! 
 				Bacon! 
 				Bacon! 
 Just wondering about something.  Are Democrats happier then Republicans overall?  Please feel free to comment.  ;) 
 	Such things as 'happiness' are transient. I have a cognitive issue . Happiness is a vile joke. Power is all that matters. Pure. Plain. Power.  
 		Good Bye Nigger Lover.  
 	Aww Jews are genetic cousins of that muzzie slime. Why would you do that to them, white jew man?  
 Dude I have literally had long conversations that occupied my entire work day explaining Jewish power and supremacy in person. I would never had had the inclination or knowledge to do so if it had not been for people saying nigger on the internet. 
 currently Kenya is hosting Us first lady  , how many of us are happy about this visit? 
 	Trolling retard obama's hometown weeks before military tribunals is brilliant. 
 Candace Owens eviscerates Cnn’s ‘racist’ display, challenges Lemon to debate conservative ‘token negroes’       Nigger owns Niggers. I love it. 
 Wants More Government     
 	Rock salt hillbilly style Lololol0 
 	Rock salt hillbilly style Lololol0 
 Anglin explicitly explained today that his master plan is to redirect antisemitic outrage toward support of an aggressively Zionist politician and political project.   > scooby doo reveal   "I would've gotten away with it if it weren't for those wignat feds!" 
 		It's 2018AD, a vain faggot is aggressively starting shit with other nationalists and publicly demanding that Gab be taken down. Clueless randos accuse everybody responding to the unprovoked attacks of "infighting." 
 Elizabeth Warren Already Dropping Hints About Running In 2020 After Saying She Wouldn’t  
 		More like Ruth Buzzy 
 		More like Ruth Buzzy 
  
 	 you are propagating lies, taqqiya is not for the purpose of spreading Islam. Your post also misrepresents maruna.   
 			Here's your meme:    Here's the Wikipedia link:  
 				^^^ what she said. 
 					sand nigger pedophile apologist yip 
 Everyday, Jim Acosta gets a little bit closer to snapping and having an emotional breakdown on live Tv. 
 	Fuck this faggot  
 Another reason the democrats can never be allowed to take power again. 
 		Hint we know how to make our own firearms and ammo. 
 		Ohhhh, I'm in Australia, where guns are illegal. I wish I knew how to do that! 
 		Ohhhh, I'm in Australia, where guns are illegal. I wish I knew how to do that! 
 Eleven-year-old Ebba Åkerlund was murdered by a mohammedan jihadist in Stockholm, Sweden on April 7, 2017.   Never, White man, forget what blind hate stole from thee. Wait for the hour that avenges the bleeding crime.   One day we'll have to fight against all odds for the '14 Words', even when we're tired, hungry, and cold. Don't be discouraged, remember Ebba. 
 		Lol, did you just say jews are the victims of muslims? Hello Poor Retarded Child, who do you think here in America is behind literally 99.99% of the muslim immigration? Jewish Immigration "Organizations" and asshole kike politicians. You think it's any different in Europe? 
 this faggot terorrist media guy needs some help seeing the light! Daniel dale Toronto star     
 This is Antifa Portland on 10/15. The Mayor of Portland is still telling the police to stand down and to allow them to block traffic and do as they wish.   Remember when commie pinkos had to lurk in the shadows for fear of being found out here in America? We need to bring that back and send these assholes packing  
 	Fuck the faggots just beat an antifa retard if you see one 
 Professor says Trump's policies are making Mexico less safe    
 	Yeah because the criminals have to stay there!  
 		Exactly.what part of that doesn't the Dumb fuckin' wetback get? 
 I just want to say that if I don't respond to your comment, its not that I don't want to talk to you it's that I'm just socially retarded and stuff 
 	Mgtow has many problems. Hyper-individuality, refuses to acknowledge race, curses cultural Marxism yet will not name the jew, Promotes self-preservation yet shames men who want family's, studies philosophy  but won't apply it to themselves, studies gender dynamics & sexual selection yet won't provide the tool of introspection. I can go on and on. 
 		"Mgtow has many problems.  Hyper-individuality, refuses to acknowledge race, curses cultural Marxism yet will not name the jew, Promotes self-preservation yet shames men who want family's, studies philosophy but won't apply it to themselves, studies gender dynamics & sexual selection yet won't provide the tool of introspection. I can go on and on."  Well you could go on and on. And be incorrect in everything you say as you are in these cases.  
 				"Says the whiny, bromancing faggot who offers not a single bit of legitimate argument"  Maybe you should watch this video.    I have presented the most proof of any man to the young men just how deeply evil women are.     
 				"Says the whiny, bromancing faggot who offers not a single bit of legitimate argument"  Maybe you should watch this video.    I have presented the most proof of any man to the young men just how deeply evil women are.     
 Yeah I want these retarded idiots   in charge    
 Make liberals poorer. That'll show Trump. 
 	What did this retard use to take the picture? Oh, a phone? Oh, it's a lie? Huh 
 ório                                         *   Hillbilly Rawhide  (O Enxofre E A CACHAÇA)   *   
 ório                                         *   Hillbilly Rawhide  (O Enxofre E A CACHAÇA)   *   
 Bad move. He has nothing to prove to anyone. Once a month that office is going to be like Dante's Inferno. You could power an electrical station on the passive aggressiveness alone. Good grief. He should have hired all white, Christian, straight, males who like beer and who have a family to support. I hope he likes four women telling him where his couch should go. (Psst, none of them will agree on the location either), pumpkin spice latte dripped all over the briefings they type, hair clogging up his office bathroom sink, and no one who can stay late because they have to pick up little Johnny from the babysitters!  Oh, And Dems will still call him a gang rapist until the day he dies. 
 	you reap what you sow  Sad to see both of Trump's Scotus picks are borderline retarded if not outright hostile to him. 
 Yes. And your mom is your dad, faggot x infinity! 
 I think Apple, Lg and Samsung will be backing Trump in 2020. 
 	Here's your sign.Full Retard 
 Jack, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Federal Chief Judge Alex Kozinski is accused of sexual misconduct by 15 women   Who is Federal Chief Judge Alex Kozinski!   Same judge who stopped  initial travel ban    .   Jali Cat       .   Rich, very rich.   The left are nothing but thugging pervs   who are absolutely going to get   their a** handed to them. 
 	Another nobama retard 
 Muslim 'who plotted Christmas Day terror attack in Melbourne laughed with his accomplices in prison because he thought Allah had greater plans for them'     
 		Allahu Gaybar! 
 			Love it  
 			Love it  
 		How about asking the jew bakery to make the cake in the shape of an oven.They'd have to put the oven in the oven. 
 Look it's one retard talking to another retard. No you fucking tool it's not Checkers 
  
 		Not a fan I take it? 
 		Not a fan I take it? 
 	Very creative 
 	Very creative 
 look at this Commie Faggot from Facebook   does it look like this idiot "works"   day of the caravan can't come soon enough 
 an uncomfortable percentage of america's population actually believes this.   it will be the foundation of the bolshevik left's escalation of civil war 2.0 
 		 
 		Yes, only the most populous states including liberal sh*tholes like Ny, CaliMexifornia, the N.E. mini-states and Illinois should decide the Presidential election. If Montana cannot have three electoral votes (Senators, minimum one Rep. etc) then neither should Rhode Island (which would not make a proper Montanan county). This is not a mob democracy, it is a representative republic. You know how to change the Constitution . . . oh, you don't have the support to do so? Then Stfu and emigrate to Venezulea. 
 		Bow Down to us . the know-it all hippies, duuuude!   Have you read 's book The Coming Civil War? Chapter 34 is titled "Decentralization - The Unhappy Compromise".   "Assuming all this could be done, one could ask what might keep these disparate states together where you imagine a California that looks communist working with Texas swinging hard right socially and toward free markets."    
 			I haven't read it but will put it on my list! 
 			I haven't read it but will put it on my list! 
 Three percent of Elizabeth Warren's Dna from ancestor who rounded up Cherokees for 'Trail of Tears'    
 	Thankful they ran this updated story . Dumbfuck Warren Cunt proved it by taking the Dna test Lmao 
 This is what taxpayers are funding in Britain. 
 	This is so fucking retarded I don’t even know where to start. 
 With the new movie "Bohemian Rhapsody" I got to know about Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of the British band "Queen" and one of the greatest vocalists of all time.   The fact that he was and continues to be admired by millions of people all over the world , in spite of not being white or straight , shows how ultimately such differences do not really matter. 
 		Freddy Faggot Mercury is not an Aids infested dead faggot? 
 Breaking: Dems getting smoked in early voting in every state strongly implying a dominate election for Trumpublicans.   .Now back to the retarded fake bom story on every channel 
 	the brit goobermint is sucking muzzie dick 
 		It's all part of the plan for White Genocide. 
 		It's all part of the plan for White Genocide. 
     Fuck! Fuck! Noo!   The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America!  Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court!  You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites!  And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
 	Omg , don’t you know millions will die 
 		It'S The Fuckig End Of Americaaa! Your God Damn Right!  Fuck All Who Voted For Evil Cheato Haired Man! 
 			 Bismalah!    That is the stupidest thing I have read all day . Pull Your Head Out Of Your Ass Boy. Piss On You And All Muzzie Pigs.  
 They run out of gas, goyim   They had some one day & then the next day.it was all gone   Completely run out 
 		Yea yea yea enjoy your muzzie m8s you National socialist prick .   
 while White wealth is transferred to grow third world populations exponentially.Whites are trained not to have growing populations.its all about the kalergi plan of White Genocide.never forget Kalergi or stop teaching others about what is happening according to his plan 
 		if they are confined to their own countries.nature takes care by limiting their growth naturally.when they can't feed themselves.pop naturally declines 
 		if they are confined to their own countries.nature takes care by limiting their growth naturally.when they can't feed themselves.pop naturally declines 
 mentally retard assholes, need more max security mental hospitals 
 Thanks for the invite.   I’m pretty new on gab so I’m still trying to get used to the lay out.  I’m a Scottish unionist, which means I support a United Kingdom. I’m considered to be an evil Tory and I despise Scottish nationalism.  Oh and I’m not a fan of liberal lefties  
 	Welcome, fellow Sane Person. ;-) 
 		He’s a twat  
 Narcissists seem to have unique eyebrows that are thicker      
 	Msn would hire a retarded writer like this to say some nonsense.   So, basically, if you don't shave your eyebrows and paint them on like weird Hispanic girls, you are a bad person.   Or this is some kind of jew hate dork stuff.   
 Couldn't get past all the nigger babble  
 Enjoying watching Trump and his base having their little temper tantrums over the 4,000 people migrating towards the boarder who actually want the jobs that his supporters won’t take 
 	Hey Lee, you do know that liberal assholes like you are not a protected class here? 
 		We're shippin em back Lee, you retarded fuck. 
  you have fun with that, nigger lover. 
 A nigger with a kike name.that's the saddest thing I've ever heard. 
 Democrats have openly stated (many times) they will repeal the 2nd.    Red 
 	No they haven't. How fucking stupid are you? Do you even Understand the 2nd Amendment? 98% chance you do Not. And in that case, You do Not Deserve to have firearms. 
 		Boy ur sure willing to take them extremely fast huh ? Maybe if we taught civics n the basics of the constitution in schools instead of Jewish bullshit. Then maybe ppl would know more. Ur a faggot willing to strip rights according to ur standards.  
 Jesus is a Jew & judges your life, were you an antisemite hater or did you live a life according to God's laws? 
 	People who claim Jesus is a Jew suffer from indoctrination. Typically, they are dopey, bible-thumping Evangelicals who have been indoctrinated by Jew lovers.    
 		The Jews expected a King who would set up a kingdom and vanquish (literally slaughter) all of their foes.  Jesus' Kingdom is not of this world. Jesus said so himself.  Jesus railed against Judaism and violated all of the tenets of the Jews. They killed him for it.  Again, you are theologically retarded Emma.  Good luck! 
 Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch.   Stop infighting.    We must unite against our foe. 
 	Nazis were/are Atheists, as is the Democrat party, mothers kill their babies witho feeling guilt. Christians do not kill their babies, nor Jews. Margaret Sanger, atheist, justified her Eugenics -Planned Parent by aborting negros. Nazis murdered 6 million Jews in ovens, as atheists, no conscience, no guilt when they kill, that is Anti-Christian to be sure!   
 		Sanger raised a Catholic, married to a Jew.     
 				Thats really quite disturbing.One thing President Trump and We The People of The American Republic support All The People One Human Race.Life Equaled Citizens One Mission. 
 				Thats really quite disturbing.One thing President Trump and We The People of The American Republic support All The People One Human Race.Life Equaled Citizens One Mission. 
 Omg what ever shall we do?   Perhaps next he'll get a blowjob in the oval office?   Oh wait.   Lmao         #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam      #1A #2A  
 	Why is Trump letting a wacky celebutard Nigger cuss in the White House? Why are MAGApedes excited about a dusky minority who likes to be 'controversial' and has an Iq under 90?  Why do White people, and Trump, continue to disappoint me? 
  
 	Somebody Shut That No Talent Cunt MILANo Up She Is Just Retarded And Has No Talent  
 A large Christian cross on the Greek island of Lesbos was torn down after refugee organization claimed it was offensive to newly arriving Muslim migrants.    
 	Local malcontent atheists probably had it on their hit list for a while. Migrants are just the excuse they needed. 
 		I always love how atheists never speak out against islam.  I bet it has to do with the fact that the muzzie would beheading them 
 Uk: Notorious, convicted jihad preacher Anjem Choudary released after serving just half of prison term  October 19, 2018        
 	Its the Uk. their favorite thing to do is kiss muzzie ass. fuck the Uk. If they ever need help for anything they can ask a muzzie 
 Beware what you buy on e-bay because not all items listed are quite as they seem. They sell webcams that seem like high quality cheaply priced cameras but it is a ruse. They have lots of high comments because by either retarded people or bot accounts. You can't list a camera as 1080p when it only has a max resolution in the 200s and one frame per second. I hate liers. 
 Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
 	Jewish isnt a race  
 		oi dick head jewish isnt a race! Your clearly a thick cunt  
 			The education levels on here. Jews are an ethnicity. Specific genetics markers passed down by the mother. Judaism is the religion. You can join that. But you cannot just become a Jew. That's Why they have particular facial features that you lot stereotype ffs. Google it. Now who's the thick twat? 
 					Lol Getting cross because Jews are an ethnicity? :) 
 							You sound very upset now. Almost crying. Genetics experts disagree with you. Are you cross with them too? And I abuse back those who try it on with me. If you can't cope fek off to Twitter and report naughty people for your hurty feeling. Typical snowflake socialist. 
 								Wow. Job jockey?  
 								Wow. Job jockey?  
 goodbye valery jarrett    
 	see thats a sand nigger cock sucker right there 
  
 	of course the dad looks like a faggot  
 Taylor Swift was part of the me too movement last year. She destroyed a mans career because he accidentally touched her ass during a photo. She went full retard a long time ago.  
 We can’t upset Saudis because we need them to buy our bombs so we have jobs to give to refugees when the Saudis bomb their countries with our bombs. 
 	Who, in the Us, should give a fuck if the Saudi govrnment killed a Muslim Brotherhood reporter? 
 			Let them blow each other up. Who cares? It will, eventually, even spill over to Israel.  Trump is not responsible for the Eu and the flood of "refugees", which are nothing of the sort, into Eu countries. 
 				Let them blow each other up with third world weapons (rocks & sticks), not current year weapons purchased with oil money. Let them blow each other up without American & European men sent to help out whichever side Israel is on. Let Israel defend itself without billions in aid from America & Europe. 
 				Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 				Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 Debate? I don't debate dummies 
 	Oh, no come back from the Nutzi faggot Lulz The pussy mutes ;) 
 Rt :    Full Story: Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laquan McDonald.  
 Rt :    Full Story: Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laquan McDonald.  
 	faggot 
 Portland Antifa attacking an old man because he was driving on the road.  This is why Heather Heyer is dead.     "Portland Antifa Attack Old Man For Driving" by   
 	I see that your account was suspended on twatter. that's good enough for me. So, thank you for the follow and happy to follow back! Welcome to free speech zone 'Merica! 
 		Thanks. Fucking leftists at Twitter. 
 			You're welcome. I hear you loud and clear on the leftist bullshit of twatter What I can't stand is to see the 'big' people come over here crying about their twat account. wtf do they think we're here for? At some point you have to get the whole picture, prioritize your freedom over followers and embrace the departure from censorship. 
 Poor thing. It must need acknowledgement in it's life. Must spend it's days feeling like an insecure cunt 
 Some Australian govt workers resist anti-White indoctrination requiring to admit "White Privilege" compared to aborigines. If being biologically different & having average 100 Iq compared to shockingly low 60 for abos is a "privilege", then is one created by nature. But jews demand it means proof of Whites somehow cheating.    
 		fun fact 1: until the 60's abos were classed as native fauna fun fact 2: on one side of our coins we have the head of the queen and on the other side we have pictures of our native fauna question, whats on the fauna side of the $2 coin? 
 If I pitched  as a comedy sketch and told you about a character called  and if I use actual quotes from him you’d reject it altogether as it would be too far-fetched that a network news program would allow such a monumental rube to be in front of a camera. 
 If I pitched  as a comedy sketch and told you about a character called  and if I use actual quotes from him you’d reject it altogether as it would be too far-fetched that a network news program would allow such a monumental rube to be in front of a camera. 
 Got kicked off Twitter for calling Pelosi a hag. Hello Gab! 
 	Refugees welcome. Remember, on gab Everything Is Personal. if you get triggered, you lose. 
 		I Totally Was, faggot 
  
 	And what is the Christian God all about?    Romans 2:11   Leviticus 19:33-34   Acts 10:34-35   Colossians 3:10-11   Galatians 3:23-29 
 		Since you seem keen to embarrass yourself in matters you don't understand please do go on. 
 			I was a devout Christian for almost 20y. My understanding is fine.  
 				And yes I think you were never truly a Christian, also you are a faggot who lacks all conviction.  Isn't there some traffic you could play in, faggot! 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Prosecutor: Christine Blasey Ford Doesn’t Know if Polygraph Was on Day of Grandmother’s Funeral    
 	Has everybody signed the petition to defend Kavanagh ,& donate what you can? He does not have $1 million in go fund me. He has 0. 
 		Wherein a stupid submoronic Maga Cuck wants to start a GoFundMe for Cia rich kid and Bush 9/11 lackey Kavanaugh. These Cucks are So Fucking Stupid it Hurts! 
 			I'm not quite sure I want to go hard against Kavanaugh. I hear that a lot of people are seeing this Kavanaugh case as a smear to destroy him and his family. This includes a lot of women. 
 				I will go hard against Any Bush lackey, especially one who was Carrying Bush'S Briefcase On 9/11. I though "Make American Great Again" meant clearing these Criminals out of government -- not elevating them to the highest court! 
 					What if he’s there to Expose It? The document dump was pretty big and people will comb thru it not about kavanaugh   He also wanted to investigate Hillary for Foster & other stuff. Especially how Hillary got the documents from Rose Law Firm.  There’s More To Know, do you want to?    
 						Sorry, I'm not into Q Comic Book Fan Fiction. 
 							Trump 3 minutes After Q = not a conspiracy   And Him wanting to investigate Vince foster & rose papers was Not From Q!       From Msm!  
 								The deep state Hates Trump but Trump loves the Deep State.  W exposed the deep state more than All Other Sources Combined  Q is part of the deep state  Suck My Fuuking Dick You Fuvking Dill Weed Cock Wacker   Jared is a friend You Are A Fucked Up Piece Of Arrogant Cunt Juice Fermented On A Radiator Till Alcohol  
 lol 
 	That's parody, this is a Real stamp issued by the bog wog Bolshevik Irish government 
 		if it was issued by the irish government under communist rule, then the jews issued it, retard 
 This! Anti-American born to Illegal Aliens wants to be The Ca Senator For Illegal Aliens !     
 	Let the illegal beaners dilute the beaners already here. Viva La Wetback 
 The Uk has gone full-on retard mode      
 Nicolle Wallace’s Violent Fantasy Life: ‘Wring’ Sanders’ Neck, ‘Punch’ Trump’s Face   
 	I’d like to slap  some respect out of that cocky cunt  
  
 	Good! The Gop needs another obedient nigger for their sugar plantations! 
 Common Constitutionalist: Redneck Dictionary  Artery : The study of paintings  Bacteria : Back door to cafeteria  Barium : What doctors do when patients die  Benign : What you be, after you be eight  Cat scan : Searching for kitty  Cauterize : Made eye contact with her  Coma : A punctuation mark  Dilate : To live long  Enema : Not a friend.   
 	fibrillate: to lie to your parents when you come back from the bar drunk. 
 	fibrillate: to lie to your parents when you come back from the bar drunk. 
 	In situations like this look for a jew first 
 Speaking as an outsider - it does amaze me how easily the American public (including a lot of "far right" people) are manipulated by the establishment.   One petty sex scandal seems to throw every skepticism of the system aside and harries the sheep back into their assigned voting pens (look up kosher sandwich).   It's rather disappointing. 
 	Did anything like 'The Frankfurt School' come to your country? I was there in the late 70's & early 80's under Soviet control but did your populace avoid the brainwashing? Americans have lost 15 Iq points b/c indoctrination doesn't take that much intelligence & our politicians have to appeal to this dumbed-down society we live in. 
 			"Democracy overall is a sham that must be abolished." 
 			No offense taken; I'm old enough to have felt the imposition of the Frankfurt School in my state & the consequences in the younger generation is detectable; they are going to have to be deprogrammed to be literate. Just wondering if your culture went through the same mental engineering beyond the Soviet era. 
 				Well.I'll put it this way.   The Soviet era did some damage - chiefly to our faith and some traditions.   But the American (or Globalist) era is corrupting us incomparably more.   Hollywood & Consumerism destroyed more souls than Gulags & Bread Lines ever could. 
 					I understand the Hollywood part but how does 'consumerism' manifest & do damage there? Just the commercials on television or something more? 
 						People trying to find happiness in luxuries and spending.   Valuing money over everything else. This is a dreadful poison that is omnipresent in Western soft power.   It causes men to commit suicide, girls to become whores and children to grow up without making genuine friendships. 
 							Ayn Rand's Utopia   Selfish autonomous hedonism. 
 					Soviet-ism makes people wish they could live better   American-ism makes people wish they were dead 
 				 
 			Democracy is bullshit. We're surrounded by idiots and psychopaths.  
 			Democracy is bullshit. We're surrounded by idiots and psychopaths.  
 	nah, that's not all it does and quitting caffeine wouldn't be a substitute for it.  For me, it gives me massive paranoia and I don't yawn or sleep for days.  I got off of benzos earlier this year.  I'm still trying to figure out how normal people sleep.  Would be cool if I had a baseline sleep level to compare it to, but I don't.  Anyway, Trazadone isn't worth the side effects. 
 			Tricyclics work on serotonin but also have an antihistamine effect.  Can't think of a nastier thing to snort. 
 				They have a gayenizing effect too 
 					Dude, that's just jail. 
 					Dude, that's just jail. 
 Lol. You're just jealous because I would fuck every Nigger on the planet except your mom. 
 1/  Put any leftist retard into a mosque or any gathering of Muslims where a prestigious imam is speaking - they will learn that a good servant of Allah never takes non-Muslims as friends, and they only move to Western countries to Infiltrate and Subvert Our Governments. 
 Obama lied about his Birth Certificate Obama lied about Spying Obama lied about Benghazi Obama lied about Obamacare Obama lied about The Iran Deal Obama lied about Irs Targeting Obama lied about Fast N Furious Obama lied about Hillary’S Server Obama lied about Syria’S Weapons Obama did not lie about Transforming America.  Why is this traitor walking free? 
 		Nigger is not in power -- He is Gone. Have some perspective. Coons get obsessed like this. Try being White and Male.  
  
 	Fuck that useless nigger whore. If it comes to that, I quit. Fuck you, you can tax $0 at whatever rate you want cunt. 
  
 	idiots vilifying the south.  look at haiti.  look at every nigger overrun area.  - the south lived in the shadow if haiti massacres. north did not have majority nig populace. lincoln was a pos warlord, piss on him. 
 Are you saying Kanye West isn't /ourguy/? 
 	That cannot be real.  Anglin has to be trolling at this point. 
 		I"m talking about the "we love you! nigger for ambassador" part Btw 
 and about the most retarded tripe i have ever had to hear from the other room! 
  
 	Pretty sure after the 30th time its not really her poor choices in men and more her being a insufferable cunt 
 Why is it everytime I start to get comfortable with Gab, I run into a bunch of racists? I guess that is what the  button is for. The Kkk was created as the racist enforcement arm of the democrat party.  It is sad to see Any Trump followers clinging to racial stupidity. If the apostle Paul can bring a balless black man to Christ in the first century, We can do better 
 		Did you say something? No, didn't think so. 
 		You need to grow your balls back and stand up for your race, white man. You sound like a faggot. 
 Remember back when nobody used to be able to read and write except the clergy? And that obviously only drew the elite of European men? What a coincidence that this meant being bound to celibacy and not allowed to reproduce, wouldn't you say? 
 	Well that was in the west whilst in the east with the Orthodox church you had everyone being theologians and even the Priest could have kids . That saiddd maybe that is why the Latin Rite had them destroyed . 
 		 lmao the church is Jewish because it didn't allow polygamy and divorce and promoted celibacy until marriage. Typical white sharia faggot that blames his problems on women and the fact he can't get a partner instead of Jews.  
 Kike shill faggot tries to promote a Twitter clone where free speech isn't allowed and anyone who disagrees with or criticizes Jews is banned 
 Whatever the flaws of the Republican Party as it stands, they are the only force on Earth capable of stopping our mortal enemies, the Democrats. We must help the Republicans to defeat the Democrats in order to earn our place in the power structure. If we turn on them, then we do not deserve the opportunity. 
 	Ably said. Participation in mainstream politics does not preclude metapolitics. It is fine if one thinks elections can never yield positive results, but there is no sense in the self-fulfilling pessimism of keeping out. Every rightist should cast a ballot for the best candidates available in each election, and then, if that does not work, we can say we tried our best. 
 		What I said was perfectly self explanatory and evident. Be less of a brain dead retard and maybe you'll figure it out.  
 Time for another Operation Wetback 2019  put bounty of $300 bucks for every illegal turned  in & pass new law of Auto Deport . ITs time to get them out of here . Build the Wall.  no more bilingual education . Shut down all Spanish tv & radio . 
 Well answer the question twat waffle lol 
 I totally agree, get out you traitor cunt, live with the nigger 
 white people should not Ever help Africans.   
 		Fuk these nigger lovers give em hell emily i got your back.  
 Oct 08, 2018   Whoa, Buddy: Special Education Teacher Tweets About 'Killing Kavanaugh'    
 	First off No One with pink hair and fake wild eyebrows should be teaching Any children especially retarded children. Her scary appearance alone would frighten most children. Calling for the killing of AnyOne should be reason for dismissal from Any job and followed by a court ordered psychiatric evaluation!    
 Dude. Google "feathering in photoshop." Dear god learn to photoshop before it's too late. 
 	Psst. Hey faggot. Learn to read. I said earliest memes. It’s ok. Be a good faggot and go hang out with the other retards.  
 it's not magic. it's God. very simple. kinda the same way einstein all of sudden thought that time would stand still -- even go backwards -- if he went fast enough on that train.    "Magic is just science we don t understand yet" 
 		well, then the guy he stole that idea from got from inspiration. ;-) doesn't really matter which human said what -- they're only human, y'know. 
 			Oh, so we got screwed out of 1,000 years technology advancement because Edison was good at marketing and Tesla wasn't - so I guess it's the will of God?  There are Many instances in the Bible where the Jews are Punished for not doing what God wants. How is it so difficult for some people to understand, maybe we need to get our shit together to Deserve His blessings? 
 				who said we didn't? but He knows you're still a fuck up and loves you anyway.   kinda like your mom.   and, tesla, well, westinghouse hired him so you weren't screwed out of anything. in the end, tesla screwed tesla. 
 				whadda need more tech for anyway? the next gen facebook?    ugh.   man doesn't know how to use the tech he's got. 
 				whadda need more tech for anyway? the next gen facebook?    ugh.   man doesn't know how to use the tech he's got. 
  
 		maybe it cant work now but wait a few decades and we'll see what happens after Ubi implementation. and anyway, the anarcho part means no state and so you're free to not appreciate in our communist region if you don't want to. just move elsewhere.  shit will be produced using robots not human labour.  
 			Gab isn't communist so you need to pay a tiny little bit per month to get the 3000 word limit.  Musk cannot undo reality. Just like that Cortez twat in Ny cannot make reality go away on her desire for universal healthcare - her plan, and even Sen Sanders' Medicare for All plan, would cost $40 Trillion dollars. Just For The Healthcare. No amount of defense cuts, no amount of tax increases, can generate $40 Trillion dollars needed to provide every American (and they want to give it to non-citizen illegals too!) with the same healthcare.  Ubi is just more slapped on top of that!  TrillionS of dollars to give people an unearned income.  At what level? $5000/yr? That's a joke. $10,000/yr? For Everyone? $20,000/yr? Everyone put in poverty so we are all equally miserable and deprived.  All of us in rags, all of us living in government supplied gray concrete hovels.  That's not a socialist paradise, that is a perfect depiction of hell. 
 I can’t believe this fucking retard is serious. How tiresome.  
 Fucking idiot is an agoraphobic cunt 
 Yes, indeed, Molly, because Harvey Weinstein, Bill Cosby, Anthony Weiner, Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, R. Kelly, Matt Lauer, and Charlie Sheen are all die hard Republicans, right? 
 	All Democrats are Retarded and devoid of Facts!  Democrats are human sewage! 
  This little queer is so in love with me he is using my Picture he got off of 's Yt Page and trying to copy My Id smh gotta be an obsessed little faggot 
 Gab was developed by Andrew Torba and his team. They have invested their time, money, and energy and built Gab from the ground up.   Their work deserves to be rewarded with success.   Therefore, to all the lolishills and the others working tirelessly to tear Gab down (especially those who whine about "muh free speech" because Andrew won't let them post child porn):   Invest Your time, Your money, and Your energy in building Your own platform, where you can write the Terms of Service and take all the risks for the behavior of the people who post on Your platform.   Do something instead of complaining. Build something instead of tearing something down. You want to post loliporn? Build a platform where you can do it.   But realize: You don't get to make the rules. You don't get any say in the Tos. You aren't risking anything if Gab goes down.   Abide by the terms of service or leave.   It really is that simple.   Btw: If you Really want to post your cartoon child porn somewhere, get all the pictures you want to post, walk out into the middle of a busy freeway, and post them on the front of speeding cars. 
 	People have invested their time and money into Gab, so stop being an unrealistic bitch when the selling point of Gab is free expression/speech. Psychophant bitch. 
 					And all you are is a stupid bitch. That's all you will ever be, a piece of trash. 
 									"muh leftist muh leftist muh leftist" I think they really botched your circumcision. 
 									They're so easy to spot it's pathetic. Cc: @a  
 									They're so easy to spot it's pathetic. Cc: @a  
 These Are The Monsters I Must Deal With In My State. God Help Me. 
 		Gee, Carmel.no need to be so reticent. We are all friends here, are we not? Please feel free to tell us what you really think. Carry on. 
 		She is most certainly not my friend. 
 		She is most certainly not my friend. 
 New Q: Mission Failed   Lori Colley    
 	You're a stupid faggot 
 The future is now, old man. 
 	Nothing makes me feel like an old man more than thinking this generations ghetto music is pure, unadulterated shit.  Get on board the synth and fashwave bandwagon you worshipers of the juden forced nigger music.  
 God the 90s pop music was fucking bad, but to day it's mostly for retarded people. You don't need to sing rely good or play the guitar well or be a talented musician in today's world because there all faker then Milli Vanilli. 
 	What does genetics show?  Isn't White a genetic idea and not a social or historical construct?  But yes, history shows the ebb and flow of civilization and population displacements and migrations.  All of which still doesn't change genetics.  You agree if you are mixed race, you are not white, right?  A nigger in Sweden isn't a Nordic part of the White race. 
 30 seconds.   Just give this ole Texas grandma an octagon and this ratchet raghead hoe for 30 seconds.       
 Stop Third World ShitHoler Invasion.    No To Islamic Fundamentalist In America  
 	I can imagine some Sand Nigger in Typical Full Black Garb, Squatting down Next to a Couple of Bags of Garbage, & some Brit comes along & Throws a Bag of Trash on him, Thinking he was one. The Bbc News would Spin it as a Racist Attack on islam & Arrest the Brit, unless the Muzzie Killed 'em 1st. 
 Lmfao.the entire arena is full asshat.shame you’re presenting a picture as ppl r filing in.you’re such a pathetic used cunt 
 Chelsea Handler: My White Privilege Makes Me Feel ‘Very Gross’    
 	The crazy train just kept running over this cunt over and over and over. 
 An  Protest 
 	what is an Npc other than ugly 
 		I hear Ya Captain,  Not only Ugly,   But to disguies the Creeps,  Is Flat out Retarded @!   Ahhh, your Honor,  this is the perp - Get the Hell Out @!  
 The Un?  Wow a joke just like socialist retarded fools 
 Nbc News stated that President Donald Trump called Robert E. Lee incredible but Trump was actually referring to Ulysses S. Grant. President Trump first pointed out this hilarious snafu, and Nbc for the record was forced to issue a retraction.   Why does the mainstream media  much like Antifa  focus so heavily on Civil War imagery and Civil War-related controversies? Especially at a turning point moment in American history, when President Trump reports that people are coming together behind the economy?   Nbc also made the week’s second most-egregious blonder, with MSNbc host Katy Tur getting the name of the Florida Republican candidate for governor Ron DeSantis wrong six times.   Correction: An earlier tweet misidentified the general President Trump described as "incredible" at a rally in Ohio. It was Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, not Gen. Robert E. Lee. An attached video clip lacked the full context for Trump's remark. Here is the full clip. pic.twitter.com/NZHj3Q2dHL 
 	Because they're a bunch of cunts. Thank god for Gab. If I said Cunt on twitter, I would be blocked in some way, shape or form. 
  
 	White nationalism: Get out of our country.  Nigger nationalism: Gibs me dat! 
 			'we're fighting'; you haven't done shit. what branch of the military did you fight them in?  
 				We're fighting them on the streets dumbass.   You people are in deep deep denial.   What do you think these people stand for who continue to call these rioters "peaceful protests" ?   Who is it that's saying "Civility can't happen until we gain power."   Is this us?   But no you'd rather put all your energy into us.   Why is that I wonder?   You haven't done shit. Your generation were Handed the greatest economy and civilisation the world had ever seen and squandered it and don't want anyone to look at you and spit.   You deserve everything you get. 
 					have you been in the streets fuckhead? I doubt it; I was; with an axe handle at 70; didn't see many of you young fucks there. 
 							you shut you pie hole, quit whining & actually contribute rather than being a whiny little bitch blaming other people for why you're an asshole. 
 											So if Trump loses, he's a loser? He's a winner b/c, unlike your useless ass, he stood up. 
 Mike mac the Google Plus bottom feeder made another account calling the Iron Patriot names behind his back . Typical retarded fucker Mike Mac is .     
 Memo to all my Twitter followers. if you want to read All my content free from Twitter censorship and shadow bans, please follow me on Gab. The link is in my profile. It's Time we made a move. Twitter is anti-free speech. 
 	agreed, on gab you can rightly be called a zionist cunt without the immediate ban following 
 	agreed, on gab you can rightly be called a zionist cunt without the immediate ban following 
 Just listened to family members talk about how their pastor told them racism is a sin and all those who are, saved, regardless of their color, are their brother or sister.    Need I say more about these teachings and their implications? Or will those without common sense come out of the woodwork? 
 		Born again types are idiotic. Many of these modern/western sects are.  But I would urge you to look at the Orthodox Church. It was the foundation of Byzantine (longest empire ever). They recognise ethnic and racial differences. This is real, oldest Christianity in the world. 
 		The Orthodox Church refuses to associate with racists. I get wanting to believe a romantic view, but it’s time to wake up to the lies you’ve been force-fed 
 		The Orthodox Church refuses to associate with racists. I get wanting to believe a romantic view, but it’s time to wake up to the lies you’ve been force-fed 
 God, I hate this mulatto bitch!  What a narcissistic, attention-seeking cunt to announce your pregnancy at somone else's wedding?   Horrible, nasty little bitch!    Read on Uk Newspapers   
 New Poll: Gillum virtually tied with DeSantis in Florida governor race      
 	Nigger 
 New York Times uses "Becky" racial slur to refer to white women once again    
 	Nigger Shiksa. 
  
 	Lol faggot on a girls bike. no surprise 
  
 		Ellen is salty because her insurance wouldn't cover her addadicktome.   
 Kanye to campaign for Trump 
 	This is what happens when faggot niggers like Don Lemmon disrespects his own race. Does he also hate his White boyfriend? I'm just curious . 
 		are you a faggot like most brit men? or are you a wannabe faggot like the rest of brit men. blah, blah, blah, the brits are fucking assholes and next time your faggot ass needs saving, We Aren'T Coming. 
 So why are you so jealous of white people that you have to be so racist?  Obviously I understand your jealousy simply because I know I am superior to you since I am not a despicable filthy Racist like you!  You obviously feel inferior and understandably so.  Your intellectually capacity is quite low.  You are obviously morally degenerate by pushing filthy images around as that is the mark of the Retarded lower classes like yourself.  Other races Iq are always lower.  You epitomize this inferiority complex!   
 	So treat all liberal Democrats as they treat you.badly.  
 	 
 	 
 Strangle Spangle from redneck country with No Brains or cojones.Impotent above and below your Waistline.  You Are A Wasted Piece Of Shit ! 
 	That's me. Look At Me. Im Amazing. 
 		Look At Me,   Look AtMe<<<<   Im   @Qkd)Q@#K)DQ0dslldlsls 
 	You really should have watched the video Loki. U Ruined It Idiot! 
 	You really should have watched the video Loki. U Ruined It Idiot! 
     2018 to 30 Evil Globalist Nwo Want Your Kids !   -kill God human sexuality\fam\culture for Ai Mind\Matrix robot humans   Comprehensive Sex  Education Agenda                    Unesco -  Evil Purpose       Intersex Genders !   God Human Gender Chaos\destruction    
 	Well that's the only reason I'm glad I didn't have any kids, they can't be raped by Muslim paedos.  Though if I'd had kids the oldest would be about 40 by now, the youngest 30.  
 		Well I didn't have any kids so that's hypothetical, I'd have had them in my 20s and I'm 60 now.  Every time I got close to a girl some cunt fucked it up so I gave up on love at 35, 15 years later I met Maria and she was refused a visa four years later in 2012 so fuck life!, I look forward to dying. 
 1/ The fact that Robert Bowers was a member of Gab is not an indictment of Gab, in and of itself.  But it does point out the stupidity of Gab as it pertains the "free speech."  Gab keeps saying that "free speech" is "white supremacists can flood you with their message on every post and thread, but you can mute them."  That's how terrified Gab is of looking like Twitter. 
 	Let's assume that Gab stopped being for free speech. Let's assume that they blocked everyone that You think should be blocked. Let's further assume that absolutely Everyone on the internet did the same.  Do you honestly believe it would make a difference in what happened today?  There is madness and evil in the world. If you close your eyes to it then you'll always be surprised when it surfaces. As long as people are talking, there's a chance that you can change minds, open hearts.  You can take everyone else's freedoms away. You can give up your own. It won't make you safe. It'll only make you blind to the dangers. 
 		How is anything I said "de-platforming"?  Also, before you answer that, I don't care if someone is "de-platformed."  The First Amendment doesn't guarantee you a "platform."  Only retarded faggots think it does.  Are you a retarded faggot? 
 I was never banned from Twitter or Facebook.    I had voluntarily deleted my accounts as a protest in support of Free Speech.    But after today's events and the blame being placed on the Gab community, I created a new Twitter account with my old Twitter handle thinking I wanted to go defend our community.    So I followed a few of my favs and read my timeline.  It made me sick what people are saying about us.  I don't even know where to start.     
 	They only have lefties who are brainwashed retarded on Twitter.  They cannot intellectually debate, only character assassinate.  They are complete Npc's and have no intelligence.  This is a Fact and none of them can actually understand what a Fact is!   
 sand nigger is a sand nigger  
 amy fatass is a rabbit faced nigger lovin skank! 
 Facebook intentionally releases identity of 50 million conservatives.   On Friday, September 28, 2018 Facebook said that an attack on its computer network made the personal information of nearly 50 million users vulnerable. With personal information, criminals can sell it on the dark web, takeover or open new accounts, file fake tax returns and more. 
 	And yet the lying cunt Ford had her Facebook disappear. 
 Some stupid retarded old toothless white bitch saying shit about me right on my face in the bus. Next time she ever opens her mouth, I'll beat the retarded off her.     
 Welp, Robert O'Rourke has Los Angeles county in the bag so it’s like pretty much over for Cruz: 
 	That's good news because Vader didn't think I could hate Lebron "Ebonics" James, the Nba, and professional athletes as a whole more than I already did.   And now I hate them all even more.      
 		dumb nigger 
  
 	Must be a retarded lefty!  Did your mother make the Wrong Choice! All Democrats are human sewage! 
 Prime Moron in Canada  
 	Good God! 
 		fucking faggot 
 "Rule all over this under you"    Anyone? anyone out there know what google translate lost from this sentence? 
 			The dude is a psycho.  
 					That explains a lot, including the shitty english he tends to use.  
 					That explains a lot, including the shitty english he tends to use.  
 >you don’t like people who don’t want to unite with niggers and muslims  You mean Jews ? They use nigs and muds against White Goyim. And these shitskins are too stupid to control themselfs.  Who created Naacp, the "main nigger advocate organization" ? 
 This is really an interesting study in just how far homosexual & trans-gender mental illness can take you. Hollywood could make a movie off of this one.    'Death Wish Xiii: The Tehran Flying Experience' .lol 
 	        - "Lucy Vallender used to be called 'Laurens', and says she is finally 'true to herself' after a sex change [in 2010]. The 28-year-old is now married to a Muslim man she met on an online dating site- he did not know she was once a man when they wed". 
 		Retarded 
 She says: "If you breastfeed your sons, you are training them to be rapists when they grow up. You're basically teaching them that they can touch a woman's body whenever they want. If you oppose rape, stop breastfeeding boys!"   Her profile says: "Scholar. Activist. The first openly Lgbtqia+ Muslim Imam(ah), fighting for intersectional feminist social justice."   I said:   **speechless** 
 	Shaykha is just another ass backwards muzzie Pos. 
 	You use the term faggot as if you think it's bad or negative to be gay?  Kinda weird  
 		So anyone who is against using the term faggot and who doesn't see being gay as negative must therefore be gay!  Lol. Are you really thatnarrow minded ? 
 Yes! 
 	I support the conviction of whoever made this retarded boomer meme that I see every day 
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		Speak English sand nigger lover  
 		Shut Tfu.  I'm speaking for the Dnc.  If you don't like it run away and vote red!  Scum like you have bno business in the Dnc!  Omg!  Please leave!  Vote red fucker! 
 		Shut Tfu.  I'm speaking for the Dnc.  If you don't like it run away and vote red!  Scum like you have bno business in the Dnc!  Omg!  Please leave!  Vote red fucker! 
 just happened to catch this Juan Williams guy on Fox.And he spews this shit with a straight face! Incredible! 
 	He Is A Lying Nigger For THe Left. 
  
 	When a monkey fucks a nigger 
 Check out the invaders wearing new shirts with feminist propaganda on them.   It’s almost as if this is a carefully choreographed push to get women to side with third-world invaders, and to create more controversy when they have to be stopped by force.   Whoever is behind this is hoping scores of them will be killed while cameras roll. All in time for the election. 
 	The Future Is Female t shirt on WETback  Wtf   
 Georgetown Professor Says White Gop Senators Deserve 'Miserable Deaths' - Calls For Their Corpses to be Castrated and Fed to Pigs  via  
 	What in fuck is that thing? Is it even fucking human? Some kind of nigger jew half orc breed. 
 Don't steal precious gift from your descendants. Don't race mix.         #14Words 
 				It is not wise to speak such things. Not even jokingly.  
 				It's true though 
 				Another Christian I guess. doing the bidding of his jew god. Do not assume that I have come to bring peace to the earth; I have not come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to turn ‘A man against his father, a daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. Matthew 10:34-35 
 				All enemies of  Europe and Holy Mother Church must be slaughtered! We will destroy your Synagogues, Temples and Mosques and build death camps on top of them where we can exterminate you Jewish parasites. Your women will be given to Meds to help breed the new man. 
 				You've gone of the deep end sparky.  
 				You literally believe in fairy tales 
 				and don't give me that Muh Escoteric Ancestor Nature Religion bullshit 
 				and don't give me that Muh Escoteric Ancestor Nature Religion bullshit 
 Flake: Trump’s Family Separation Policy ‘Simply Is Un-American’    
 	Just gonna leave this right here. 
 		They will do Anything to demonize or fault our President. 
 			democrats are the lowest form of life on the planet. Trump was preceded by a faggot muzzie and a rapist 
  
 	Only a faggot would try it.  
 	I'm happy to hear this, but I don't have confidence in Trump's judgment. We could end up with someone worse.   Besides, if Trump starts making good decisions in Oct/Nov, I'm going to be suspicious that this turn in strategy is just a cynical ploy to get disaffected rightwingers back on the Trump Train. He could continue to screw us over after the midterms.  
 		Oh, but Q said don’t do shit, trust the plan, the white hats got this. So, looks like we’re good? 
 	how worse can he do this is what i wonder naow. i thought of ivanka ! he might do it. 
 	If she comes out as some sort of resistance thing I'm gonna be ticked. 
 	I initially rationalized the appointment as 4d chess to get that evil fucking invader out as Governor. Obviously not the case, as it turned out.  Hopefully it's a personal scandal or something like that. 
 	Did she  someone?  
 	Did she  someone?  
 How to scare a Democrat.     
 	You can always tell a republican they're the good looking ones 
 			Why, because I asked you if you were a nigger lover? You did say a big pack of niggers was good looking.  
 Gina Miller has compared Brexiteers to terrorists, urging the public to reject Brexit ahead of a protest march this weekend against the Uk’s departure from the Eu.   people wanting a democratic vote upheld are now terrorists! from day one of the campaign we got constantly told a vote for out is a vote to leave every thing.   two years later and the tantrums are still going on and rhetoric like miller spouts is deliberately divisive and inflammatory.  why is a unelected, failed business bint pontificating on what is best for a country she hates!         
 Gina Miller has compared Brexiteers to terrorists, urging the public to reject Brexit ahead of a protest march this weekend against the Uk’s departure from the Eu.   people wanting a democratic vote upheld are now terrorists! from day one of the campaign we got constantly told a vote for out is a vote to leave every thing.   two years later and the tantrums are still going on and rhetoric like miller spouts is deliberately divisive and inflammatory.  why is a unelected, failed business bint pontificating on what is best for a country she hates!         
 What was your 'red pill' moment? Mine is posted below. 
 	911 did it for me, but I believed the bullshit right away.  Many questions after that.  But when I had a nephew tell me he was a Retarded Democrat I had had enough!  Then every rabbit hole had a filthy Jew attached.  The inversion became extremely clear then!   
 I will let you know if I get hit again with that fairy gay faggot tranny porn shit. 
  
 	Canada is a frozen shithole full of idiots 
 		Cowards with a fem faggot leader 
  
 		I was just thinking this story has holes so big you could drive a truck through them. 
 		 At least a van!  
 		 At least a van!  
 *Wee Paddy is in the English class at school*  Teacher : "Paddy, I want you to give me a sentence containing the word 'contagious'  Paddy : "My Mammy says she won't let my Daddy mow the lawn anymore, because she says it takes the cunt ages" 
 	all i have to say is look at snoop's wife.and then kanye's. look at kimyes money vs snoop and snoopette.  
 		She’s a nottie.  
 		yeah, she looks like you slide your dick into that and she is stealing it for herself. 
 		Don't Hate The Player,. Er,. Well I Hate Him Too, But, Hate The game. 
 		Don't Hate The Player,. Er,. Well I Hate Him Too, But, Hate The game. 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 Are you seriously criticising the Rocky Horror Picture Show?  Not only is it a well-crafted piece of musical theater, but it- as something that will probably be banned soon enough for making fun of trannies- was never shown to children as originally created. Unlke the faggot shit nowadays. 
 Juan Williams says there is no real separation between Fox News, Trump administration      
 	Juan Williams is a fucking retard who eats lead paint chips and refused to let his wife buy a gun after she was Carjacked. 
 Aye, yo, wth?   Just because I thought that "Columbus Day Joke" was funny.   Gives no license - for all y'all Nazis, to think that we are friendly.   Fyi: 'dark humor' is not the same damn thing * as you ! 
 		Wow, .commas, periods. thought process. sentence structure.   Oh yeah, that fucking bowl on your head, like a the mental ward you're obviously sitting in . times up for your Free Range time, btw.   Didn't name you specifically.   Also, I never had contact with your account but, you keep trying. 
 			You dont have the moral high ground on lecturing people for their racism unless you unequivocally oppose the glorification of White men who owned slaves. What part about your hypocrisy don't you understand? 
 				My family didn't own slaves. Whole argument: mute point. 
 				So you unequivocally denounce George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and any other founding fathers who also owned slaves, right? 
 				History class today? I'm not doing your homework for you, find your teacher. 
 					Hall pass time is up. 
 				Hall pass time is up. 
 				Translation: "my work day here at the Jidf is over. Done dealing with the goyim all day. Can't wait to jerk it to Israeli Nazi concentration camp porn" 
 					You are desperate for sex. stop signaling .no thanks, thirsty ass 
 				You are desperate for sex. no thanks, stop signaling,  thirsty ass. 
 		Normie cuckservatives are just liberals that think they are right wing. 
 		Normie cuckservatives are just liberals that think they are right wing. 
 Lol, Ok. Alrighty then, whatever you say. I mean, it's your story and you can tell it any way you want. (Rolls eyes.) Nothing really surprises me anymore.  So.whatever 
 		>men today are responsible for what men 100+ years ago allowed women to do  >women are not responsible for what they themselves do today  > is just like  guiz! teeheee   The absolute state of  
 			The blame game isn't working well for you.  Besides you blaming women for a failed patriarchy (Because Jewish supremacy is a failure) blaming white women for Jewish feminists pretty well has you going "Your own way." I laugh because Mgtow is a feminist movement and truth hurts,  right? 
 					Maybe it is a woman's fault.   Your mama 
 					Maybe it is a woman's fault.   Your mama 
  
 	Nwa = Niggers with an attitude . making family movies . what a fucking scam . he is still a nigger with an attitude  
 Undocumented Shoppers 
 	Bwahaaaaw  
 			Just prepping for the Nfl 
 			Those 2 Guys in the Background are Jews. 
 				Jews who really love shoes. 
 				It's  the usual suspects out for a casual day of breaking and entering, looting, etc.  Strong work living down to the stereotype!   People are soooo fucking selfish and stupid.  
 				It's  the usual suspects out for a casual day of breaking and entering, looting, etc.  Strong work living down to the stereotype!   People are soooo fucking selfish and stupid.  
 Whenever nay saying faggots say you can't best the govt w force, lookie here! A gaggle of cameras and nigger flesh and they're still trying to decide how to cope.       
 Trump = Jewish   Trump = Zionist   Trump = Israel First   Americans = retarded 
 Common Constitutionalist: Redneck Dictionary  Artery : The study of paintings  Bacteria : Back door to cafeteria  Barium : What doctors do when patients die  Benign : What you be, after you be eight  Cat scan : Searching for kitty  Cauterize : Made eye contact with her  Coma : A punctuation mark  Dilate : To live long  Enema : Not a friend.   
 Common Constitutionalist: Redneck Dictionary  Artery : The study of paintings  Bacteria : Back door to cafeteria  Barium : What doctors do when patients die  Benign : What you be, after you be eight  Cat scan : Searching for kitty  Cauterize : Made eye contact with her  Coma : A punctuation mark  Dilate : To live long  Enema : Not a friend.   
 After only 2 episodes of the 11th season of Doctor Who, user scores are beginning to drop when compared to critic scores. Same old story whenever a show goes woke. 
 	It isn't woke, tho. It went lieberal bullshit. Female doctor and last year had nigger assistant. Fuck them, not interested. 
  Michelle Obama: [    ] George W. Bush is my 'partner in crime'       
 	Trump fucked these,he had his own way.If that cunt had won the election the Us would be going the same way as the Uk.  
 	So dressing as a muzzie suicide bomber or Ms-13 member is out?  
 You are successful? How wonderful! And in a White country too! I am so pleased! Now, if you could transfer your success to your African homeland. 
 		You mean Trudeau? He does indeed. 
 				They already are. 
 				They already are. 
  "This guy"? You mean your alt account? You've got to be one retarded fucking Nazi to think that you "roasted" me in any way by spouting a bunch of left-wing racist conspiritard bullshit. 
     Is Jared Kushner the Jewish Messiah?  Know More News 
 	He's the nigger in Trump's woodpile 
 Stfu  faggot 
 Not. 
 	I dispise evil. 
 		Yeah right, lying Muzzie trash!   
 		Jay is borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. What a dumbass. 
 		Jay is borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. What a dumbass. 
 Stopping his Removal for Justice | The True Npc Way  
 	They are 0 for 2 with this whole stopping a plane to save a Muzzie crap. 
 Want to see how retarded our universities have become, this is a must see. ! 
   
 	Based nigger Smiles Near computer 
 Hmmm ‘I’m delusional ‘. he-he.  Ok nazigurl. You got me.  Now would you leave me alone so I can get back to running the world With my fellow jooos? 
 	This faggot keeps tagging people and asking to be left alone.     I am sure you would like to continue to make your completely fallacious statements without anyone to smash your bullshit . Not happening, little bitch. Run along back to your safe space. 
 Alyssa Milano Thinks Trump Uses Cult Force To Control Americans.      
 	Jonny tells his dad after school, that his teacher told him that he was to ask his dad to tell him the difference between a cunt & a vagina. Dad pulls out a dirty mag with Allyssa Milano centerfold, & circles the cooch and says  that’s a vagina ok dad what’s a cunt? Everything outside the circle . 
 Some fucking retarded Qanon boomer loses his shit and commits a shooting at a synagogue   We need a solution to the boomer question, Now 
 I see that weirdo Richard Branson was moaning about Brexit today 
 	Suing the Nhs for millions proved youre king cunt branson  
 		My scenario is best case within possibility space.   The 'revolution now' scenario is a pipe dream. 
 					Well it's good to know that being able to bitch about liberals on the internet and being able to clean out your vagina with bathwater is more important to you than the survival of the White race. You and everyone else who refuses to admit that the time to take up arms has long since passed deserve every bit of what's coming. 
 						You're dumb and you're going to get yourself and others arrested for futile and pointless gestures. 
 							And you'll applaud it cuz you're just as much of a shitlib as all the people you claim are destroying America 
 								It's sad what happened to the guys who went to Charlottesville. but predictable. 
 														Leftist retard 
 	Some pussy down voted without comment. 
 	Some pussy down voted without comment. 
 If it's gonna be democrats or fuckin cunts who are gonna keep their 1% of dumb cunts on top ruling the world shitti and passing all over the dying and starving what does politics help of you cunt Jew inbred Rothschild swine rule forever  
 If I thought I'd get viddya in prison I'd fake almost anything except nigger love. 
 	 
 		bye faggot 
 	I Always tip 20% or more regardless of who is serving. 
 	Why I don't give to go fund me or anything else for that matter! 
 	People who get caught lying about this should do serious time. Plus be made to wear a sandwich board telling the public their crime towards society. These lies are worse than illegal weapons. 
 	Right.I tip based on the service. 
 	Right.I tip based on the service. 
 Just a reminder 
 	This was Not Stevens. People actually need to verify their sources before posting. Come on, we’re better than this.  
 		You just keep at it dont ya good little muzzie sympathizer  Now go fetch bitch  
 		Yes as you keep saying. Yet you have utterly failed on every occassion to produce one single anti-white post of mine. Saying other races are ok too is not being anti-white. Only in your mental brainstem. And it's no use pretending I'm Jewish to hide your shock. Most normal white folk feel the same as me :) 
 			Your self-proclaimed "adequate literacy" has declined to a new low. I acknowledged your claim of non-semitic heritage, & your insistence that your anti-White hatred is not instinctive, but self-hatred resulting from internalization of systemic semitism. Why do you insist on mischaracterizing this as a claim that you're a member of the Tribe?   Sad! 
 					Your open admission of your befuddlement (& your grossly inadequate vocabulary) is appreciated.   But your continued feeble attempts at prevarication are pathetic.   Every post of yours is a vitriolic, incoherent attack on anyone who dares to express any positive White identity.   Cite a single post where you have attacked a non-White for their identity. 
 						More big words designed to confuse and hide your inability to back up your claims. I have never attacked anyone who expresses white positivity. The only twats I attack are the ones like you who come to Me with your hatred of other races. You're confusing me attacking you for being an ignorant twat with the white race. You do Not represent the white race. 
 							I appreciate your open admission that toxic, hate-filled semitism has so distorted your "thinking" that you reflexively misperceive Any form of White identity as "hatred". and any form of non-White identity as "good."   An interesting pathology. 
 								Lol Now you're going into full blown socialist brainstem meltdown. I have this effect on the Left. Repeating yourself endlessly hoping that it becomes true. Clear sign of mental illness. Bet you call me some naughty names next. Yes? ;) 
 											Omg faggot I actually hate you and wish I could kick your face in. 
 Seja o mestre do seu coração e não faça do coração o seu mestre.  Be the master of your heart and do not make the heart your master.  - Heisei Shimpen Gosho - 
 	Don't tell me what to do 
 		I bet you're not faggot 
  
 	Yep.Obama was the Low Expectation President because he never had a private sector job in his life, and did not understand basic, fundamental economics. Remember his "new normal" speech trying to convince us that his C- economic and job growth was something to expect for all time!  Worst President in modern history. 
 		Hes the worst  terrorist faggot in the world  
 Whites are more focused on the work.productivity higher.still in many jobs at slave labor rates.the masses can out work Whites by unfair economic systems. 
 	I was at a bus stop and 3 black men were waiting there with me 2 in their 20s one over 40 they were arguing over who did the least amount of work while at work. One wearing a security guard uniform bragged he would sleep most of his shift. 
 			These three men at the bus stop, I thought it's was clear. You see when I said "three black men" black was describing the men. So what is "black" is the three men.   End of lesson. 
 					And when I asked what is white you couldn't give an answer. And you see how simple it is to answer the question. But because you are even more simple than the answer you could not answer a simple question, simpleton.   You may want to stop eating lead paint chips, just a thought. 
 							You keep threatening me I bet you would piss yourself if you actually had to fight. Mommies basement playing call of duty doesn't make you a warrior.   Our forces?   What, you and your 2 buddies who's dicks you suck shit off of?   Stating a fact is not racist, so again you don't have an argument. Is my stating their approximate ages ageism? Saying one wore a security guard uniform security guardism?   Because you are a racist everything is about race. 
 								Everything is about race. Only liars and Jews say it isn't.   Nigger lover. 
 3 years ago:   What goes around, comes around, Motherfucker    
 	seems like an investigation is in order. They may just find that the guy is a cunt with a stupid mouth or he was drunk. but it still needs looking into. 
 Top Congressional Democrat: We’re Going to Investigate Kavanaugh If He’s Confirmed  The House Will Have To (Video)    These subversive Communists are using the same exact playbook they have been using for the Russia Lie. No real evidence what so ever, just a manipulative feminist Cunt reading from a script accusing an honorable man of a ludicrous claim. Of course he is guilty in the eyes of these Cultural Marxist indoctrinated swine. In their eyes whites and especially white males are the enemy.  At the same time they are alienating even more of their base, some of actually coming to their senses and seeing how evil and wicked these dishonorable swine are.    
  
 	I'm an Alabama nigger an I wanna be free. 
 Muslim Cab Driver Shouting "Allah!" Beats 62 Year-Old Jewish Man in Brooklyn Street (Video)  via  
 	I've been assured repeatedly that the Mooslime invasion was done totally at the behest of Joooooos.   Are the people saying that liars or propagandists? Or maybe they don't mean Jews when they say Jews? Or did this raghead not get the memo? 
 Stem education practices  such as the traditional way of teaching math   produce patriarchy, heteronormativity, white supremacy, Eurocentrism, (neo-)colonialism, able-ism, classism, labor inequity, anthropocentrism, and/or others, the professors claim.   
 	Without Stem we get nigger infested Africa.and not even Africans want to live in Africa. 
 Much as I'm an advocate of free speech I am amazed at the out and out racists on Gab. Hopefully, as it grows they will become a smaller minority. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
     a few years after the formation of Daddy Cool saw arguably the most successful Oz Rock band of all time emerge.   Ac/Dc - Thunderstruck    
 	dead faggot 
 		Well I presume that this is mostly a particular retard complaining about Jim then, most in the alt-right will likely cut the guy some slack for having HaPA babies.  
 Or a faggot like you?  
 Us Professor of Pakistan studies  thinks "entitled white men" should be slaughtered. She also hangs out with deadly Taliban terrorists who masterminded the slaughter of Us citizens. Well done Christine, you are such an inspiration! 
 		You spell cunt correctly this way. (Muhammad, Allah, Muslim, Jihadists) Don't quote me on that  
 cnn= crazy nigger network 
 	You never go full retard 
 Don't let these   fool you .they are not like you. They are pure trash pretending to relate with you on moral issues when they are 100% immoral themselves. They will sometimes claim they are Christians, but ask them to elaborate and they vomit out nothing but heresy. They will chant with you against the liberal opposition coming out of  but applaud them for putting clinics in minority areas. They believe in  and . They even support  for the elderly, and underdeveloped.   A lot of them are even Scottish Rite Freemasons who's great, great grand fathers were a part of the Order of the Golden Circle that opposed the early Gop founded by   and assassinated Lincoln. It is because of their Freemasonic ranks that many of them got skipped up in ranks in the military, and police .the ones seemingly more honorable because of that really cheated.   They Are Not Your Friends!  
 	Btw, you sound like a super faggot. I bet you love sucking nigger cock.  
 Get The Fuck Out TheRE And Vote Red ! Our Survival Depends On It ! Fuck All Faggot Liberals , TheY Should All Eat SHIt And Die ! 
 AllisonSchummer     exec    
 			And the Pos is a ziopuppet as well 
 i usually dont do this, but im going to mute you, you just come across as your average Murica loving civnat troll faggot that we just dont need, good luck at the rahowa, go eat a bullet 
 	Exactly why I quit watching. Ffs they can’t even leave that one alone. You wouldn’t believe how appalled fellow Whovians were at me when I said no way would I watch a female Doctor Who. I was even called anti feminist. I replied Damn right I am 
 	Know what, I've never seen a Dr Who episode in my life, but i know i would despise anything of this season i would have the misfortune to see. 
 	I notice in 90s campaigns the company ran had the Pc groups up front and  the white men in back. The problem with it was the white guys were dirty the others be had clean clothes. 
 	Black James Bond, feminist Doctor Who, it's time to start up a new space colony some where (whites only). 
 		Richard Branson, Elon Musk or Peter Theil are on it 
 		Richard Branson, Elon Musk or Peter Theil are on it 
 	Way to go, Limey idiots!  Get your act together and your justice system in line!   
 	Way to go, Limey idiots!  Get your act together and your justice system in line!   
 			Russian bots 
 			I hope. 
 			I hope. 
 "The concept of a ban button for you as a user would be simple: if you ban someone from your Gab content, they can no longer comment on your posts. They can still view your public content, because it is public. They can still quote your public content and give their own commentary to their own followers."   - I like it. 
 	Allowing them to use Quote is how I got slammed one time with nothing but Trash Porn by them attaching the shit to every one of my Posts.so that even though I had the person Muted every one of my followers had to see the shit and it wasn't just one Post it was hundreds .No this is a dumb ass Idea !   
 		Do U think new users are going 2 want 2 stay here when they get slammed with this trash? Do you honestly think your Potus would come here & get this type of trash & not have any control over it? That is why we don't get people like  here! I should attach 1 of the sick pics to give U an example of shit i see All day ,but i won't stoop that low That shit is Not Speech !  
 			The new users who are smart enough to understand the tranny porn spammer is a psyop will not be ran off by his stupidity.   Backend features were recently added to kick the tranny faggot in the teeth. Are you still receiving their Bs posts daily?   No need to send me an example, I was targeted in the original spam list and got sent every one.   If you see them send me a name. 
 Future  plays a game of Frogger and loses.    
 	Spic 
 		You are right. 358 times the Jews have been expelled, only once has any final solution came into play and it did not even do half as much as the Jews claim. We should have killed them all off millennia ago. All of it is just a symptom of our growing weak and soft. We have become wrapped up in delusions from the end of the Enlightenment. It's time for new Order. 
 				That's actually an accurate representation for how well the final solution did. 
 						"Nazi Larping" 1. Not a Nazi, I don't believe in National Socialism. 2. The Nazis did not invent anti-semitism. it goes back more than 1000 years and not all of them were white. 358 times they have been expelled or killed. I shall provide the list and there is a source for each time in the list.    
 													Exactly! That is what you keep saying. because you're a fucking retard who is upset that I did not answer your question in your preconceived notion of how I should have answered it. so you continue frothing at the mouth trying to prove. "No! Really! I is smart. Me no retard!" 
 dont fuck with me tonite ppl im all hopped up on Truth    
 	Feeling some 'Brain Power'? 
 		Yeah but i just snorted it like 10 minutes ago so it takes a while to really kick in when it does ur gonna see nigger bashing the likes of which mere NPCs have never imagined possible  
 Does Elizabeth Warren have no advisers, no adults to protect her from this kind of self-harm?  But this is what happens when Trump gets in your head.  Time and again we have seen this.  Look at the entire media.  He forces you to blow yourself up  And it's Glorious. 
 	Faggot piano music makes major bad decisions seem palpable 
 Ha ha ha   is so retarded that he would have to work hard to be upgraded to the rank of stupid people. 
 Nancy Pelosi Aims To Take Away Firearm Freedoms In Six Ways   
 	"Nancy Pelosi Aims To Take Away Firearm Freedoms In Six Ways"  Isn't that how she takes nigger and spic dicks too? In six-ways? 
 If you believe that, you do not have Republican values. We don't need your vote.   And this is where we part ways. 
 		Do you fuck your mother with that mouth? 
 		Fuck off bitch, I'll rip your arm off and shove it up your ass. 
 		D'awww look at the little troll. Were you too liberal for 4chan and they ran you off? 
 		Fuck you and die. kikesucker. 
 So according to Wikipedia, my country's law is so retarded that a 15 year old can legally have sex, but if they describe it in their diary, they are committing a crime, because it's considered pornographic content.  
 	Fun fact: If a teenager sends another teenager nudes both teens can get into trouble. One of them will be charged with creating and distributing Cp and the other will be charged with having it. Fuckin dumb as shit.but then again so is sending nudes in the first place. 
 	Fun fact: If a teenager sends another teenager nudes both teens can get into trouble. One of them will be charged with creating and distributing Cp and the other will be charged with having it. Fuckin dumb as shit.but then again so is sending nudes in the first place. 
  
 	This could not happen with out a state. How? Because without a welfare system in which people are shielded from the consequences of the their anti-social behaviors they will either not do stupid things or they will die as a result. 
 		Neither is being a faggot in high heels. 
 Dave Hogue is a Design Lead at .    
 	david hogue is a faggot 
 	"Pret a Mort" In tonight's episode Poirot has to sove two mysterious deaths in quick succession. But which one is due to the filling and which one is due to the bread. Only a practical sandwich experiment can solve the issue for Hercule, a quest which leads him to the Thai red light district.  
 		what . feed it to 2 different whores for $10 each. 
 		That was not what I meant.   $6 Obviously. 
 		ten Dollar ! 
 		You're not very skilled at this negotiating, are you?  
 		10 Dollar. 
 		Including tips? 
 		10 
 		10 
 		Okay, stop calling it cultural marxism. It has Nothing to do with marxism. Nothing. It's a slander campaign used by retarded alt lite faggots like you to conflate the economic left and liberals. 
 Read Me And Please Repost: This is really an unbelievable time to be alive. Gab is under attack once again by the liberal media over a maniac who shot up a synagogue. When will liberals take responsibility for their own personal actions and stop blaming everyone around them for the worlds problems? Stop blaming inanimate objects and cyber space for the actions of insane people who commit horrific acts of violence in the real world. @a needs to stay the course and fight these people with everything he has. He also needs our support. This is a liberal media take down of  occurring in real time. These liberals simply will not live and let live or leave good people alone. This is not an alt-right or Nazi website. This is not a den of hate. This is a free speech website, that is all. Think about how badly these sick people want to control everything. Think about how hard they attack free speech and anything that is different from the narrative they spew 24/7. Today is a very important date in the history of Gab and will be benchmarked as the day Gabbers fought back against the insanity of liberal media and the lies they tell the world without punishment. This is not a call to violence in any way. This is a call for action to get your voice heard and illuminate the lies of the left. Now is the time to make a stand and say no more of this bullshit. It is time to brainstorm ideas and come up with a plan. We are 800K strong. Andrew, how can we help?   
 	Fuck you subversive trash. 
 		Shut the fuck up. Has the thought occured that he deleted his posts? That faggot is just another subversive piece of trash now fucking kill yourself. 
 Soros Funded Transports for the Filthy Zombie Spic Horde invasion of America. Those Boat Transports of Zombies are also Funded by the Globalist Jew World Odor. 
 The definition of a thick cunt would be wanking off thinking all accounts called Wolf are a bloke called Sean.  
 Wake up White Man 
 	Yeah, start with the faggot on your left. 
 		On a scale of 10 to 10, how MadOnline are you right now brainlet? 
 					It is a good thing that I have you properly focused on Me. :cool:   +1 (Neo) 
 						 
 								 
 																			Well, you don't seem to know much.   Newbies like you need to know who to pick their fights with here at Gab. :) Lol!   Most Gabbers are smart and can immediately smell a damn rat. :tongue:   +1 (Neo)              
 I don't think it's funny either. 
 	Dumb Cunt Wears A Strap On !   No Respect ! 
 I kinda like the new shit but then again I'm a zoomer faggot so yeah  
 I kinda like the new shit but then again I'm a zoomer faggot so yeah  
 Rt :    Manchin Wanted to Use Opioid Funding on Personal ‘Governor’s Helicopter’   via  
 	He took the Big Farma cash and they flooded the district with all the reject hillbilly heroine.  
 	He took the Big Farma cash and they flooded the district with all the reject hillbilly heroine.  
 Tracee Ellis Ross to host 2018 : 3 fun facts about the emcee  
 	Nigger 
 Right wingers are vile retarded terrorist pigs. 
 		You’re the retard following trumpyou’re so stupid you make Down syndrome patients look smart  
 Anyway,  I am beyond fed up with Alt-Right personalities licking Trump's balls and spinning this bullshit narrative that somehow the Gop is secretly on our side 
 	I wonder if this was their plan from the beginning. In 2015 the alt-right seemed unstoppable. The only thing that could destroy the alt-right was co-option by the Gop establishment, just like they did with the Tea Party. Then all of a sudden you have Ricky Vaughn as a leader of the alt-right, supported by Trs and The Daily Stormer, trying to merge the alt-right into the Republican party as the "hard-edge of the Gop". 
 		There were a lot of people taking credit retrospectively.  Nobody voted for them, they had no influence.  They are only coat tail riders.  Tfb, typical faggot behavior, trying to stick their dick up someone's ass. 
 	quite often, those that are seen as internet Nazis have the intellectual advantage and talk fact.  It's the " nice " people who run, block etc after picking a fight 
 	If only Germany would have invented anything between 1933-1945 we'd have a strong case.  Shucks.  
 		I learned today Germany shifted the automobile from being designed to handle all roads to being designed for engineered roads. Quantum leap from buggies to what we drive today. 
 		Post later when you find it in History please.  
 	Sounds like Israel. 
 	Sounds like Israel. 
 just thought that being a nice neighbor id ask a few questions and seeing I hardly know you then this is a truly plausible question to ask better yet no question just will leave this here and make of it what you will  no need to send me a reply its either you or someones busting ya chonie's have a great day     
 	it's obviously a parody you fuckin retard 
 Fuck off twat  
 Actually Julia today is my day to mock you, enjoy your suffering and let you know that the worst is yet to come.   Similar to yesterday and tomorrow. 
 	Why is her fellow tribesmen upset with her  
 		She ran her cunt mouth a bit too much and blamed her fellow jews for Bad Orange Man instead of fellow white people    
 	How about Nigger ?  They haven't accepted that yet, but that's what whitey calls 'em and that's what they call each other. 
 Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol   NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
 		i would prefer to live in fucking congo before israel  
 			Imagine having the choice between living in a 100x scale Kiryas Joel- but with more inbred and retarded Jews- and a real country with plentiful Fn FALs and thik West African hotties- and choosing the former. 
 	Me when someone accuses me of being extreme for wanting to murder everyone in the federal govt: 
 	Me when someone accuses me of being extreme for wanting to murder everyone in the federal govt: 
 Idiots . Rangemaster Could Have Brought You Down Like A Muzzie In The Sand-Box For That .   
 Behind him is his Muzzie Girlfriend.  Figures. 
 Is this where the Nazis congregate these days? 
 	The only Nazis is you fucking faggot ass Liberals trying to shut down free speech! You fucking weak ass, pussy! 
 		If they scream loud enough about peoples harmless drawings then other people won't look for their *ahem*" collection.  
 	Torba knows this, he is afraid that (((someone))) will start a spurious lawsuit anyway with the intent of just bankrupting him. 
 		Because ((("liberal"))) judges devided that the First Amendment should have categorical holes. 
 		Yes.  So please my fellow animeposters, just let this issue die, we have hundreds of other places we can get lolicon hentai from, some people only have this place to talk about politics. 
 		Maybe Torba just remembers what happened to Mathew Hale.  Wise 
 		Nobody even posted loli hentai. 
 	"drawings cause pedophiles" is the "video games cause school shootings" of gab 
 	"drawings cause pedophiles" is the "video games cause school shootings" of gab 
  
 		Jesus Christ.ya gotta be kidding me.and yet another biased agenda.#VoteMenVote 
 			No more biased than yours. 
 				Seriously.since I believe Every  U.S. citizen has the right to vote.tell me exactly how that’s biased.can’t wait to hear this bullshit. 
 					You have an opinion, and believe only your opinion is valid. Textbook bias. Jesus.Smdh 
 							Yep, you certainly are a clueless cunt. Roflmao at you, having just proven I was right 
 Unfuckingbelieveable. I swear these people could get away with murder. 
 	I'm not even surprised. It's Orange County. That's why they pull the stunts that they do there. You can bet your bottom dollar that this nigger knows not to pulll this shit in Sampson or Moore county, for example.  
 Reminder: Today is another day that  45 did not end . The information has obviously gone global, so a very strong chance   knows about #Q. Especially with all the Pathetic Msm hit pieces. But, he hasn't ended it.  Telling!  
 	Were it true why bring attention to it? The Msm buries true news by not reporting it. The real truth is they played you like an accordion, knowing attacking Q would bring him more Q-tards under his spell. A grand illusion to tranquilize the masses. 
 		Prove that #Q is fake, cupcake. You can't. All you have is blather.  Weak Sauce. 
 			Tell me when Q's first prediction came true again? 
 				Maybe I'll consider it right after you prove your assertion that #Q is fake. Maybe. 
 					Proving every one of his predictions wrong is proving he is fake you retard  
 Remember I said I have the pic of their Uv party where the guests were nude?   Look, it's the little monkey face cunt herself, and Mr take-out-his-front-teeth-Podesta 
 Remember I said I have the pic of their Uv party where the guests were nude?   Look, it's the little monkey face cunt herself, and Mr take-out-his-front-teeth-Podesta 
 What do you call this Eddie?    
 	Masked anarchists in Atlanta, Georgia carrying railroad ties in support of protests in North Dakota 
 		These people are domestic terrorists who placed railroad ties on railroad tracks in Atlanta in order to sabotage America's infrastructure 
 			why am I Not surprised? niggers and nigger lovers 
 A recent report reveals a large amount of money that W.K. Kellogg donated to left-wing, pro-socialist organizations with the help of the Clintons and George Soros.  
 		I never ate it.  I used to eat pop-tarts when I was a kid, but never cereal. I curb the carbs now too. 
 		Did your mom serve your pop tarts with mtn dew? 
 		No. Lol. I'm not American 
 		No. Lol. I'm not American 
 Kavanaugh on track for confirmation. Flake: 'no additional' corroboration. Collins: 'very thorough' Fbi report     
 	Trump probably told Flake he'd punch him so hard he'd correct that nose if he didn't confirm. 
 		Or mess up his faggot hairdo.  
 This is getting more and more bizarre now. "Alien Dna". Fan of the X Files? We have some Neanderthal Dna if that's what you mean? What your parents had to create you is between you and them son. Can't help you there. Live long and prosper :) 
 	I think this is his mother 
 		said the cunt who touches up little boys yeah Carter told me all about it  
 		said the cunt who touches up little boys yeah Carter told me all about it  
 Toledo, Oh. Inner-city public nigger schools rated F. The response is surreal.  
 @a  Gab Fam:  The House of Saud is the 2nd largest investor in Twitter.  [Here is Prince Al-Waleed meeting with Jack Dorsey]  If you have been kicked off of this platform, please support Senator Rand Paul's Bill to end arms sales to Saudi Arabia. 
 	Jack being a faggot meeting Arabs? I hope he doesn't get flogged to death. 
 Cowardly Faggot Eric Holder Whips Up Democrats: When They Go Low, We Kick Them    
 				Super-rich elites aren't all Jews, nor even the majority. Jews aren't always Zionists, and Zionists aren't always Jews. Many Christians are Zionists. There are Muslims who are Zionists. The super-rich are often deranged arrogant sociopaths with huge egos and mad plans for world domination. Jews are being used too. They're often the useful idiots. 
 					No the majority of the super-rich elites are Jewish. Sure you have a few Hillary's who are not but they are certainly shilling for them. At least those with any actual power. I am not speaking of celebrities and the normal rich. And no Jews are hardly being used they are not idiots. Not the elites anyway. 
 						Not according to Forbes.  
 							Out of 50. 10   But that's simply billionaires the elites are made up of millionaires as well. And here is another list of Jewish billionaires  
 								The vast majority of millionaires aren't Jews either. You think every millionaire in China is a Jew? What about Japan? Korea? You're outdated. The world has moved on. The money has moved to Asia. 
 													Dale, you sound like a cucked faggot  
 	Methodists, Presbyterians, Southern Baptists (blacks), Unitarians, evangelical Lutherans, hippie churches.  I wonder if these people have ever even read the same bible I read.   
 		Oh! Great point. Same as when you look at many of the others protesting. Nigger sows are the ones doing the yelling.  
 dude you have no political understanding whatsoever.  we don't often get a chance to expose Lying Feminist Whores - and the kikes who push their destructive agenda - on a National scale and this faggot totally failed to capitalize.  he cucked and cried like a Bitch. 
 According to the Earth curvature charts of Globies, the State of Florida is missing over 21,000 feet of curvature from east to west (north and south is a lot more), yet Globies still think Earth is a Ball. Hahahahah   The only curvature they can see is what Nasa projects to their minds through videos or pictures manipulated with virtual reality, Cgi, PhotoShop or with a fisheye lens. 
 	Gullible Npc! You have no actual pictures of the flat earth.  
 		You should learn how to apply Npc.   We have millions of pictures proving Earth has a horizontal horizon.   You on the other hand, can't post just one regular photograph showing earth has a curved horizon. 
 			God Himself is going to jap slap your dumb ass when you stand in front of Him. 
 				If you prove Earth has curvature by your own established charts, you can slap me.    Start with the  21,000' of missing curvature over central  Florida. 
 					I have already provided the evidence in easy to understand YouTube videos. So, if you still don't understand the science behind basic shit like gravity? Well, I guess you are willfully ignorant to facts. 
 						You haven't provided anything that matters. You can't even prove Earth's landmass have any curvature by your own established curvature charts.   What information your charts do provide when applied to any sizable landmass is that there is no damn curvature. Chew on that!   What a pathetic theory. 
 								Don't be a Globe Earth Dummy, 
 									Forget it, you are lost in your fantasy Discworld. Enjoy the physics of the astral plane that was never mean to fly friend. 
 										You are lost in Disney Land,   Disney Presents: Nasa on Thin Ice | Buzz Aldrin and the Masonic Moon     
 											Done with you, fruit loop. 
 											Maybe try some 'blood over intent' cults or perhaps head to the secret entrance to 'inner earth' maybe. 
 												How about you just go have a suck and join CubeSports.com 
 													Muted for one month,,, Shh. Your wackiness is interfering with mine. 
 														Next! 
 									. 
 									. 
 My Facebook page was just taken down, don't know why. I pretty much just posted what I do here.        
 		I still have my YouTube, Hopefully this platform and others (minds.com) can remain operational.  I am so small, I assumed I was under the radar :) 
 		I'm a one platform kind of Buddhist. I used to love  but they turned into shadowbanning below board weasels so now I'm here and  is going to be the new pulse of the planet. Back in the day if you didn't like something you changed the channel. People bug you, mute them. they really piss you off block them it's so simple. 
 		I'm a one platform kind of Buddhist. I used to love  but they turned into shadowbanning below board weasels so now I'm here and  is going to be the new pulse of the planet. Back in the day if you didn't like something you changed the channel. People bug you, mute them. they really piss you off block them it's so simple. 
 It’s so hilarious to watch Durbin just now argue against Kavanaugh’s judicial record. All this time spent of that worthless twat Ford and at the very last minute he wants to act like a senator. What a douchnozzle! 
  
 		 
 		 
 	Hahaha!1 Lol, she hover-handed that niglet like a faggot at prom! Hahaha Lmwao 
 Cunt 
 Breaking: Hundreds of U.S. troops are on their way to the border to help Homeland Security and National Guard troops as a caravan of thousands of invaders moves north. 
 	Source please? 
 		"President Trump tweeted Thursday morning that "I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!"  I'm so grateful President Trump is taking a tenacious stand on this invasion which is a genuine threat our country. Amen. 
 			A tweet is not an official source. When he signs the Eo, let me know.And if the Eo does not say this wetback vermin is to be repelled and refused entry with any force necessary, it doesn't count 
 	Gab was no-platformed how? 
 		Did you see Torba's last post? 
 	Jews did 911!  Muslims are the Jews proxy army!  It was so America would fight filthy Jew wars!  Jews are Liars!  Quit believing any Jew media bullshit!  Whatever a Jew accuseth, they are guilty! 
   Gab seems to be a a bit like the wild wild west with mud roads and rain-filled gullys; where barking women and brawlers can accost you as you try to navigate across the first street. I loved my known Twitter neighborhood. but I can make it here! 
 	Maybe it would help to take a look around you and the ground you are standing on and read the Us Constitutions "Bill of Rights"? 
 		Disgusting jewess dyke 
 need to get that nigger to a gym asap  
 Obama Says Politicians Lying Is Something ‘We Have Not Seen Before.’ Here Are Three Of HIs Biggest Whoppers    
 	This Muslim Nigger Lies Every Second He Speaks.  
  
 	The Cunt Is DIsEASED Gnarly Dna     The Parents  Know She Is DIsTURBED 
 and don't try and back track. you're a faggot + rapist + the devil. 
 I am reporting all antisemites to the Fbi! 
 	Report me, you philosemitic faggot  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	We Don'T Want A Block Feature! 
 		Trust me, I'll only abuse you if you deserve it. Others have a right to know how retarded you are. Fortunately in your case your noisy user name already let's them know. 
 Top Neocon: Facebook Censorship of alternative media is only just Beginning!   * Lots more to come.Yet!    
 		Alex Jones was threatened by Thug Fag Boy Marco Rubio! He is lucky he didn't try to beat Alex up.let's just say it would Not end well for SoyBoy!  
 Sweden's plan to counter the problem of migrants failing driving tests is to allow new Swedes to not have to speak or read Swedish.   '20% of driving lessons in Sweden are in Arabic as migrants fail them in Swedish'   
 		If you switched retarded to delusional, then I would agree. Not that I am saying people don't have some level of retardation, just that their delusion of everything going well is allot stronger than any retardation they might have. It's almost like a written rule that everyone wants to avoid rocking the boat, so no one says anything. 
 My goal for this week is to get  to block me as many times as  did on Twitter. 
 	Idk who that faggot is, but, let's do this! 
 	2nd Amendment says nothing about ex-convicts or lunatics like you. 
 		fuck off nigger faggot 
  
 	sadly, they want us to take action instead of stepping up to the plate and not putting themselves in harms way.  These retard kids have no thought process other then victimization. it won't go well for them  
 Obama was 10x the President than Trump will ever be!   Trump only dreams of being as successful and as great as Obama! 
 	*sigh*   Another troll. Go watch some football, kid. Were you real, I would toy with you as I do all Lefties. 
 			Hear, hear. 
 			The date is indeed a dead give-away. 
 			The date is indeed a dead give-away. 
 Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch call for Un to investigate killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.      
 	And how many fucks should we give that this sand nigger was killed? 
 all shitskins are rape culture, weather it's a nigger, sand-nigger or a taco nigger  
 There are quite a lot of films about Soviet atrocities but you have to watch international films from places like Finland who were invaded by the Russians. "The Winter War" for example. Russians didn't invade western Europe, the Nazis did, so they are the main focus of our films. 
 	That is incorrect!  Russia invaded Poland in September 1939, they sent men to the Balkans and into Romania in 1940.  johann you’re talking utter fucking bollocks again. 
 		They didn't invade western Europe idiot. The west was not at war with Russia. That's why Our war films don't have us fighting the Russians. Finnish war films do. Maybe films from the Balkans and Romania too. The point was why Our film industry has us fighting Germans ffs. 
 			You are the stupidest and most ignorant cunt on Gab.  Poland at the time was made up from what is Germany today and what was Germany prior to 1919!  That is Western Europe you utterly fucking stupid cunt!  Get your head around that fact you utterly bizarre Proto-jew. 
 I thought heroin was supposed to send her comatosed.  Perhaps she couldn't sell her rotten cunt today so her dealer has cut her off. 
 Makes police look absolutely ridiculous. Criminally ridiculous. Really. The flailing retard having an epilectic seizure needed a full round of bullets fired into his writhing frothing body.  Dafuq did i just watch? 
 face book link .hmmm .never stop doing or being what you are   if you wanna loook on face book knowing they  cant be trusted or googel   is why im  im on Gab i will look,and be my normal self on line or in real life ,no camera is going to make me do anything i wouldnt normaly do   thats the only why you can win overload them    i take drugs im An internet Insulter so what.i run an insult room .on a program called paltalk   .you welcome to come in and say what ever you like   I Will All Ways Be Freem In Soul Body AnD MInD .Peace .Come To Paltalk.The Room Name Is.room owners cori shes a cunt cunty shes a cunt too.   me im just a wanker Bollocks is my name and stuey the bals northern wanker but i love him .hes as gay as me just wont say so ,,,,seee you in the room 
 Go off    
 	There’s a good reason this one is allowed to continue to use our oxygen.right ?  Right ? 
 			 
 				guess that beats being married to a boomer widow.  
 				Boomer's were my parents generation and I am almost 50 now. So who are these geriatric 'Boomers' who are Trolling innocent youngsters online? Lmfao   
 				Boomer's were my parents generation and I am almost 50 now. So who are these geriatric 'Boomers' who are Trolling innocent youngsters online? Lmfao   
 When a nigger talks all that comes out of his/her mouth is shit. A niggers penis looks like a big giant piece of shit. 
 It's strange she's so scared of this, since its never happened.  How do I know it hasn't happened? Because it would have been the top news story on every network for weeks, and Emma would still be appearing on every daytime chat show crying about it. 
 	Who would recognize her? She looks like every other man-hating dyke out there  
 Are you a Nazi?   This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab.             
 	The Nazis Lost Decisively TheY Were Crushed. If The Stupidity Continues History Will Repeat Itself. 
 		If conflating the law and morality wasn't stupid enough for you, check out this faggot conflating "who wins" with morality. 
 What? You mean on the land Israel captured from Muhammadans when they tried sneak attacking with combined armies twice, and lost both times. That land is Israeli now. They very kindly let Islamics there govern themselves. I'd have kicked the lot out 45 years ago for complicity. 
 	hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 When one has nothing to offer but insults (fill in the blank with the first thing that comes to mind) ____________________ 
 	Cnn is faggot central! 
 Msm can bite me! 
 	who is the nigger guy on the right? 
 I'm thrilled that conservatives have found new heroes in Lindsey Graham and Kanye West. I think the two together represent the dual foundation of principle and intelligence that guides the conservative movement.  
 	At this point it's no longer enough to have checklists of what Trump promised real Americans, and what was achieved.   They now need to be side by side with what he didn't promise (at least publicly)- to incite more wars and spill more American blood for Israel, and to free more nigger and spic criminals and spill more American blood for Kanye And Kim Kardashian. 
 The fact you believe Nigger women to be 'top-tier' is most-amusing to a White male. We never touch such garbage, nor do you Niggers. Through your own women, you Know Niggers are fugly. You are just angry that you know Niggers are considered the ugliest race upon the face of this planet, whilst my race is considered the very standard of beauty. 
 >: Backwards, poor boring shithole.   >: , rich multicultural paradise. 
 	Real Man with real Women vs. a jew faggot and his nigger boytoys.  
 I'm tired of these niggers being shoved down our throat, 24 hours a day. You have a homeland ethnostate, that isn't being invaded. I don't fucking care that your people are too retarded to feed yourselves. Fuck off to africa 
 Update:   Jackson Cosko who leaked Senator’s personal info to the public is not an intern but a paid fellow staffer of Congresswoman Shelia Jackson Lee, who lied about him being on her payroll. Cosko, now arrested, faces 50 years in prison, and I’m sure will be singing soon.     #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam     #1A #2A        
 	Put This Nigger Shiksa In Jail. 
 Why isnt there a decent Pc port of Final Fantasy Tactics?   Also, why isn't there a decent Pc port of Final Fantasy Tactics with really awesomecool fan-made storylines? 
 	Because Square is fundamentally retarded when it comes to Pc ports. 
  
 	An she's either an inbred dyke Or lives a traditionalist jewish wifu/was married off when she was 8  
 Fuck democracy. Go ahead report me Fuck Democracy May Your Democracy Die FuckER!  this is a republic you rube  
  
 	yes Hillary, Obama and Jarrett were so "civil" the night Stevens was raped, tortured and killed in a prolonged death and three American Soldiers killed   We've never gotten an answer from any of them what happened that night   Yes Hillary it Still matters 
 		Hillary did nothing, Obama was supposedly having a cocaine party and then went to a Las Vegas Fundraiser the next morning after barely a comment on what the hell happened. If HIllary has been elected and a similar situation, Muzzie Brotherhood/Sisterhood Huma would have made the decision - So Scary  
 Cunt 
 		Skinny no more. 
 		Skinny no more. 
 this makes my blood boil  
 		isnt that the truth 
 		isnt that the truth 
  
 		faggot 
 The great cultural Marxism lies and deceptions. 
 	A Chinaman Is A Gook 
 Elizabeth Warren really upset American Indians by claiming she was one of them because of her heritage - her approximately 1/1024th heritage, to be clear.   Love it when the Left eats their own. 
 	Shit I fucked an African American chick once! That makes me just about as much of an African American as She is a native! Fucking Retarded Pocahontas! 
 Southern born Rebel ! South Carolina !   Fuck that Nigger ! 
 Islam is not a race.   Uk: Stepfather called racist for complaining about stepdaughter’s assignment to write about converting to Islam.    
 	It's not a race and it's not a religion either. It's a bunch of gross freaks that are ugly and sick and retarded from inbreeding. Part of their jihad is olfaction assault, muslims stink worse than pig shit.  
 		Hay Gestapo I Hate Lgbtqp  Bc U Worship Ppl That Do This Makes U The Same As Hitler ,Mohammed . See I Thought The Ss Died Out A Long Ago. Hate Mongers Like U Bring The World DoWN To A New  Low CLAsS Of Hillbilly Bs. 
 it works ! hammer, hammer, hammer . 
 	Urban Dictionary.hmmm.you mean Nigger Dictionary! 
  
 	You want everyone to be shown a photo of a Nigger terrorist who murdered White babies? Did you just seriously suggest this? 
  
 	Otaku penguin, basking in the radiance of his waifu 
 		indeed. and if there were less whorish, fat, nigger fuckers and 3rd wave cat ladies, i would be one of them.  
    
 	So She Is Saying That 4 Billion Men Are All The Same ? Bold STATEMenT Retard 
 Earlier this week, Eric Reid wore a  shirt and said: "We're going to continue to hold America accountable to the standard it says on paper, that we’re all created equal, because it’s not that way."    
 	Nigger 
 He was arrested in a state where it isn't legal with enough pot hidden in his car for 2,500 "personal" uses.  The Jury convicted him of trafficking.  
 	Buck Sexton is a glow in the dark Cia nigger 
 Coven of witches convening in Brooklyn next Saturday to hex Kavanaugh   
 		Yup 
 		Naturally when you don't have even a honest just reason to challenge the appointment they bring in the wich doctor's and Voodoo Magic and hexes and curses and then try to claim they are rational people while they belittle Christians for praying for a person's soul as they try to use curses to punish a soul     
 		 ppl think elite people being deeply devoted to satanism is all just a joke they don't eat human flesh or torture and sexually Vampirise little  kids and babys or sacrifice them to Baal that's just a story Alex Jones made up . information leaked out of The Dnc server's that Seth Rich was to lose is life for leaking but that was just the Russians there's no death cult  
 		John podesta's not a pedophile Tony podesta's not a pedophile they don't have millions of dollars worth of creepy fucking artwork that they have in their houses with statues of Jeffrey Dahmer's victims that's all a joke those pictures aren't true 
 		John podesta's not a pedophile Tony podesta's not a pedophile they don't have millions of dollars worth of creepy fucking artwork that they have in their houses with statues of Jeffrey Dahmer's victims that's all a joke those pictures aren't true 
 Why? We care more about some Nigger and his protesting of the police by disrespecting the nations flag, but the nearly century long molestation of our children by church officials that we hold in high esteem and trust totally, they get a free pass? Where do you draw the line? Is it words?  What of the Children? What damage to them? Where do we stop? When do we act? 
 This was was everything the mentally ill left wants. It's time to remind the Socialists what side of History they're on. 
 		Obamasshole is married to a faggot freakazoid in womens clothing.his name is michael 
 	one more crutch-crazy- cunt of a crusty ass black man who whines instead of improving himself, his life, his fellow black people who are the Reason so many white people are scared of and avoid black people. White flight happens for damned good reasons. Chicago. thats a Black Run City! where the fuck are their leaders? Skimming money and hustling. the loop 
 Tucker Asks Jorge Ramos How Many Caravan Members He Was Taking In.  "You don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals  Someone better tell that to Mollie Tibbets and Kate Steinle   Things got awkward fast after Fox News host Tucker Carlson asked Univision anchor Jorge Ramos to state exactly how many caravan members He planned to personally take in.   Ramos, an outspoken immigration advocate, spoke with Carlson remotely on Tuesday from the caravan in southern Mexico. The Fox News host’s question came after the Univision host made several comments defending its members, including insisting unequivocally that none of them were from the Middle East.   How many of these migrants are you taking in personally into your home and are supporting once they get into the United States? Carlson asked.  I think that’s a great question and that’s precisely the kind of question that people like you ask when you don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals, responded Ramos. It has to do with nations. And what we have to understand is that these refugees are not a threat to the United States. I know that in Fox News   Before you attack Fox, this is a simple question, Carlson interrupted. How many are you taking in?   After a back and forth that included Ramos stating that immigrants’ desire to come is really a love letter to the United States, the Fox News host pressed again: I’m asking you a very simple question  How many of these migrants are you personally taking responsibility for? How many are going home to Jorge’s place in Miami at the end of the day? And please be specific.   I think that again this has nothing to do with individuals. I wish I could help all of them, responded Ramos.   How about three? asked Tucker.  After another dodge, Carlson told Ramos: I could count on you to do a stand-up next to them but probably not to help them, I noticed.   People are very upset about the migrant crisis, Carlson told the audience after Ramos had signed off. Not upset enough to help personally but upset enough to demand that you help. 
 	I can’t stand Ramos. how Tucker keeps his cool during these segments is amazing.  
 		I have had the same thought. I believe the urge to slap some sense into borderline retarded leftist would overcome me before I could stop myself. I admire their restraint.  
 	What? What kind of retarded shit is this! You hire on merit of skill.  
 Six Children in Minnesota Diagnosed with Rare "Polio-Like" Disease Since September. There are only 5 countries where polio has seen a comeback,  Nigeria, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Kenya and Somalia   
 	One of Obama's muzzie shit holes. 
  
 	I hope she runs She is a retard and most people can see her idiocy but of course the election can always be rigged to get her elected. If social media and msm continue on their path of shutting down Free speech and propaganda with no one in govt. holding them accountable the subterfuge can only grow. 
         @2sense                    
 		Exactly! libtards don't want to look into the facts about their nigger pets. 
  
 	"I always have and always will cast my vote based on which candidate will protect and fight for the human rights I believe we all deserve in this country," she wrote. "I believe in the fight for Lgbtq rights, and that any form of discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender is Wrong. I believe that the systemic racism we still see in this country towards people of color is terrifying, sickening and prevalent." Cunt 
  
 	Shoot a dindu nuffin Spic and they cry. The Guy is a hero Mr.Dunn, I salute you.  
 Nobody was ever physically assaulted 4 their political beliefs in America before the sore loser democrats called 4 violence vs. their political opponents! They all need to be Arrested 4 inciting violence & civil unrest against political candidates! End this abuse by extreme left wing activists Now! 
 	Jail the Nigger 
 Cuck Norris needs your money 
 		He lost his hair dressing  job for kicking a woman. Maybe some islamofascist manimals will hire him as a jiggilo?  
 		He lost his hair dressing  job for kicking a woman. Maybe some islamofascist manimals will hire him as a jiggilo?  
 		Moron! You're saying Tommy Robinson has been putting his own life and those of his wife and kids, been attacked and sent to prison for his beliefs for years.just to sell some books? Let's see you write a book about your Nazi ideas when everyone knows who you are. See how you get on lol 
 				It's like with me mate. They know I'm not Jewish but unless you hate Jews you Are Jewish. It's the socialist mental illness again. Affects National ones and non National ones the same. Tommy doesn't hate Jews and supports Israel so he must be Jewish lol 
 						Here he is, Mongo No Lie. Not happy I met a gorgeous black girl last weekend who is way out of his league lol 
 								Correction! Only you and your ilk don't find any black girls attractive. Because attractive black girls don't want the likes of you. More left wing jealousy. And most of my girlfriends have been white. Only dated 3 black girls in decades :) 
 															Here you go Science man, Pew Research. Since they don’t distinguish Jews, I’m going to say majority of the white men married to black women are Jews giving you a Megan Merkel.  
 	"For forty days the flood kept coming on the earth, and the waters rose and lifted the ark high above the earth."   Better build an ark, homos. Brendon has the chops And the Mtn. Dew. 
 			What was that you were saying Np-(muted). 
 				"Got ya!" Wait, that only works if you're seen as important or the point of your pen had sting. You actually just fell into the same shit can that was getting laughed at.  Even funnier when you see one try out one of the new automatic responses 
 				It's funny that he said he would flood this place but only posted like 10 things at the most. 
 				It's funny that he said he would flood this place but only posted like 10 things at the most. 
 Liberal megaphone and guest speaker at the democrat national convention 2016, has teamed up with a satanic coven to hex Kavanaugh and get mud in her lady-parts. This might not play well if we help it get out there.   .3 weeks until the election. 
 	My brother is a wiccan libtard. They are imbeciles. Closet-Christians, white lighter bitches. Unfit parents. 
 		I never understood the whole wiccan thing, It starts with the premise of 'rejecting your retarded religious superstition' and ends with adopting an infinitely more retarded religious superstition. At least Christian women don't tweet about mud in their vaginas. 
 I love it when a Retarded lefty female goes to Africa to prove Blacks are no different, gets raped, and comes back to blame it on a white guy!  All lefties are monkey brains! 
 this faggot really likes his hillary fan-fiction. 
 gab needs more jews, they can unite against radical islam spreading across the world 
 		Catholics Have Hunted Tortured And Murdered Millions Of Protestants!  Check "Mary Queen Of Scot'S!" The Whole Irish Troubles Are Because Of This!  The Wetback Invasion Is Actually A Catholic Invasion Of A Protestant Nation, By Force. And To Make It All Worse  Is It Is A JEWIsH Plot Check "PROToCOLS Of Zion"  Back To U 
 Rare Earth   Get Ready   >     I Just Want To Celebrate  >     (I Know) I'm Losing You >  
 	Stupid Fucking Nigger 
 this faggot had been watching too much power rangers before going out to harass women  
 Torba, I am now 100% For Gab's proposed "Disassociate" feature.    I was on the fence about it until last night after I was doxxed by some psycho that I triggered more than 4 months ago who decided they were gonna dig into my life and "expose me as a charlatan" even going so far as doing a freedom of information request on me.    Nothing was really exposing in my situation, but I can just imagine what could happen if someone had a post go viral and their stalker decided to post a dox that exposed someone's kids' schools or other personal identifying information at the optimal time of visibility.  A user can act must faster than the  in protecting their personal data with that feature.    Sure, it may be used to silence dissent, but securing the safety of Gabbers personal data from predatory practices is critical.    @a, @e,  
 	Find out who he is and we'll go visit the faggot  
 Ai researchers are working on a neural network to automatically detect "abuse" on Twitter. Now, why would they be interested in this?    
 	Fuck you dick licking child raping sand nigger muzzie faggots. 
 		Yeah there are a few people that I like using it to communicate with so i understand. But I am hoping to take their users from them. I noticed even the non whites are getting banned for shit cause they do nigger shit & get ban for it on Live all the time. Fb is pissing everyone off & i wanna be there to tell people theres another alternative. Then when they get here, Theyre on our turf. No tattle tale buttons & they have to be exposed to the truth. 
 		Yeah there are a few people that I like using it to communicate with so i understand. But I am hoping to take their users from them. I noticed even the non whites are getting banned for shit cause they do nigger shit & get ban for it on Live all the time. Fb is pissing everyone off & i wanna be there to tell people theres another alternative. Then when they get here, Theyre on our turf. No tattle tale buttons & they have to be exposed to the truth. 
 So.when does Dr. Ford's perjury trial start?    
 	A lying cunt is gonna be a lying cunt 
 Miss Piggy and Basic Thot 247819 were arrested while protesting the fact that the very Fbi report they were calling for didn’t deliver the results they wanted. 
 	Can I please have a large slice of fat cunt going Reeeeeee 
  
 	 you are propagating lies, taqqiya is not for the purpose of spreading Islam. Your post also misrepresents maruna.   
 		At least your Usb sticks tell the truth. you just can't help yourselves. 40% genetic defects and a sand nigger IQ70 will do that to ya. 
 Hi, this is my first post, please don't ban me 
 	There is only banning here if you post fairy gay faggot tranny porn, etc. 
  
 	Women have assumed the authority of equality but not the responsibility; they've allowed the Zionists to weaponize them & we draw the red line after the Kavanaugh debacle; no more bullshit or you go to jail like the big boys.  
 		*laughing* you didn't have to get nasty about it but since you had your head up your ass to far to see it the 1st time I posted it, women didn't give Trump the vote. If I can sacrifice by wearing a uniform & put in harms way, women can consider their role. you're just an emotional cunt in your 'reaction'. 
 Equality of opportunity, not equality of outcome. 
 		Dc, which planet is your favorite? 
 		Dc, which planet is your favorite? 
 	Yet  idolatry continues in .   The Wooden idol on the right is from the  .    is the evildoer, the belligerent, the attacker, and the destroyer of our native  cultural heritage.   Therefore we have Zero tolerance for  in any of its forms. 
 		It's called  and if you have zero tolerance for it , you have zero tolerance for civilized society or rule of law thus no tolerance for Western civilization .   
 			I would say that rule of law derived from a Christian faith is inherently European and may not be suitable for none other. Bluntly put,  paganism is divisive and there is neither time for nor strength in that. Unite or die .  
 							1) Christianity is again weakened by tolerance of evil, including that of paganism . Spain fell into 800 years of darkness by allowing their nation to be converged by the heresy of judaizers who betrayed both church and state and only recovered their sovereignty and power of faith after uniting to conduct a great purge.  
 								 In order for Christendom to be saved , the purge of all evil must ensue , especially the worship of false idols.  
 																		Oh but it is. Run along. 
 																		Oh but it is. Run along. 
 Here is what's happening: A few weeks ago the Us government passed a bill to appoint an Ambassador to counter anti-semitism woldwide. Now after this shooting they are going to push to criminalize antisemitism in the Us. Most of your government and the deepstate are jewish. You will never again be allowed to criticize your government. Bingo! 
 	I Lived in Rotterdam, The NETheRLANDS; wE Have 50 Pc Of Muslims,the main problem in Rotterdam is islamic population like in Antwerpen (Anvers), not Jewish who are very very few (less than 100 000 in Holland on a populations of 16 millions inhabitants) ! 
 		Who opened the floodgates into Europe? Your Governments! Who is in top positions in Your governments and in the courts. Muslims? 
 			Hey, you don't know anything about Holland ok ? 
 				I am a white Dutch South African you bloody retard 
 		Amen to that 
 	Huh? 
 		Good eve to both of you 
 		both.are you seeing double? 
 	Into her campaign,  I agree. 
 	Josh Hawley, Republican, gets my vote! Claire can go to Hell! Hillary and Obama ass kissing, leg humping bitch! 
 	Thank you for the heads up! What an impression to visualize: I wont put up with porn, nazi-socialist crap. Block/mute.  
 	Thank you for the heads up! What an impression to visualize: I wont put up with porn, nazi-socialist crap. Block/mute.  
 	Thank you for the heads up! What an impression to visualize: I wont put up with porn, nazi-socialist crap. Block/mute.  
 . 
 	This stupid, lying cunt now has almost a million dollars from GoFundMe for playing the victim. Well, I hope her practice pays off.I hope she's stalked and victimized every day for the rest of her disgusting, worthless life! I hope she Never feels safe. 
 Don't hurt yourself pork chop. 
 	scary pussyhat sucks sand nigger cock 
 Oh, so now Robert DeNiro got a bomb, too.   Riiiiiiiiiiiiiight.   Cnn would have you believe some right winger is so angry they sent bombs to all these politicians.Soros.And DeNiro?  Why didn't Madonna get one? Joy Behar?   Sure.not buying this bullshit. 
 	Yeah.  That makes it look like some retarded couch potato antifa group.  I can see it now.  Fat f#@&'s leaving chetto fingerprints all over the evidence.   
 What are you doing this November 6, 2018 ? Well these Guys will walk through the Us Borders if the Democrats Win.   Is This What You Want?   If Not Then Get Up Your Ass and Vote.   Vote Novermber 6. 
 	 Mr. President It Is Time To Declare Martial Law!   .@SenBobCorker             ?                                                                                                                              @                                  @1956ffemt     
 		you guys are retarded if you thinks that dems want open borders.we don't. but in the spirit of those who came before us we'd like to offer a legal way to citizenship for the possibility of a better life. just as they did when most of your ancestors migrated to the Us from other countries 
    These women are psychotic.   Really. 
 		this isnt the average cunt that gives a shit what you say. Fuck off. 
 Shit  For  Brains  Fucking Lefties  Prevent A  Somali  Rapist  From  Being  Deported  From  The  Uk    
 		Me too mate  
 		Me too mate  
  
 	operation wetback 
 	operation wetback 
 	You can suck all the nigger dick you like, I will not tolerate some nigger muzzie saying he's superior. 
 im a super big liberal. I detest Trump, and I detest most Conservative values. But what I can't stand for is the censorship of opinions because of a single man's actions. Gab is being targeted for no good reason, and companies are pulling out without any legitimate reason.  
 		Maxine is a Racist Retard like all Democrats!  Democrats are the human sewage party!  
 In That Case, All 'Conservatives' Must Be Journos:  Get A Real Job April, U R NOTHInG But Fake News: April Ryan Says Us ‘Not Safe’ For Journalists  via  
 	Especially in nigger areas 
 According to the Eu commission Europe has room for 3-4 billion "refugees" 
 	I never thought I would hear something more embarrassing than Löfven, he commented that we have room for many more people cause large portions of the land are empty of people. Yes there are large swathes of land that are "empty", because Swedes like their nature and we don't have a desire to live packed like certain countries. This logic is just retarded as fuck 
 		The Sierra Club, an environmentalist group in the Us, sold out nature for $100M on the immigrant question.   
 		That was an interesting read, how the club went from being against immigration to becoming an American hating leftist shithole.  
 		That was an interesting read, how the club went from being against immigration to becoming an American hating leftist shithole.  
 		Ok. Seperate: Yes. Equal: No. Good concept, just failed. 
 			Separate but equal would have worked.  If all the liberal lies were true, it Would have worked.  Except it didn't. It failed.  Because Niggers Aren'T Equals!  Probably should have just sterilized them all in 1870. 
 Dead Nigger Cunts Means Less Abortion Good For The Country 
 You say retarded shit.That was the point.  
 I got old lazie spar that no good to me she can  have mine if she want it not have look a right cunt  to do swimming  
 Violent  Mob attacks reporter at tolerant Dnc Rally for talking the Truth about globalist terrorist George Soros funding the Democrat Mob Party of Hate. #1776RealNews     
 	Is there any doubt that all Democrats are Npc's?  All Democrats are brainwashed retarded monkey brains! 
 Lena Dunham Says Daniel Tosh Is The Most Misogynist Person In All Of Hollywood    
 	I used to watch him religiously but felt he was getting Pc. I may need to go check him out if that fat incestuous cunt dislikes him. 
 	Donny - Want To Give Them A Punch To Their Heads And SToMACHS?  Get Out And Vote Red!  Turn the entire nation and every city and state red!  That will do more to make their little weenie heads explode.  Get All your friends out and ask them to get their friends out to Vote Red In November - Nov 6 is closer than you think!   
 	They're actually conservatives but you need to rip these fags to shreds 
 This lady is 3 cans light of a six pack. She needs to fade away. But then again, maybe she's the best thing the Gop can have for the mid-terms and the 2020 Presidential elections. She is good for a laugh.   
 	Revolting Witch reminds us how fortunate we are to have Pres. Trump  3 am Calls Huma would be answering those with the Muzzie Sisterhood response.  
     many of you have seen em but not tried em   they are delicious   baklava 
 	What kind of jew nigger treats are they? 
 2 Lying Witches have a Discussion   Try Not to Throw Up . Warning    
 	Fuck Cnn! And put the nasty old cunt in jail! 
 	The Romans paid Jewish scribes to write the Jewish faggot man/god tale so you are the moron for believing it. 
 Maybe Explain every sentence more clear, so the Stupids can absorb the fact that this is the greatest President Ever.     "Chain migration is bad.  What I want is merit. We have great car companies entering our country again. This hasn’t happened for 35 years. We have companies going to Wisconsin with a massive, massive plant.   We need people coming in, but we want them to come in on a merit.   We want them to come in on a merit basis." 
 		I’m always bitching about the Uk not having a Churchillian Backbone.  The Us has allowed the same thing.  Muzzies & Mexicans breed like rabbits and take over jobs in swarms of their relatives.  The local Walmart had 3 Muzzie sisters working Custo Service - no one else.  One of the McDonalds has all Mexicans who speak nothing but Spanish  
 	Real men do"nt vapor ! They swallow ! 
 	Real men do"nt vapor ! They swallow ! 
 	 
 	I see he also had to go to the dentist to pull a damaged tooth. That anesthesia can be annoying afterwards. 
 	 
 	It's way too embarrassing to tell everyone how he really broke his hand.  
 	Probably a leftist scumbag posing as one of us. We don't call ourselves Nazi's and we certainly don't introduce ourselves to worthless alt Lite wastes as such. 
 Limbaugh on Khashoggi: ‘Where Was This Concern for Our Ambassador and Three Other Men Brutally Murdered in Benghazi?’  
 		When I said, "Raise your hand if you're glad he's dead!", even this faggot agreed with me! 
 After eight years of having a presidential nigger tell white what to think, bound to be some blowback.  
 	pls elaborate 
 		Order a fajita and a fresh enchilada  Shot that parrot cause he used to chirp  Can't eat Chinese cause it makes me burp  Went from bar to bar I got rejected  My fake Id, it was disrespected  Got records in London  Quit my job cause my boss is a faggot  One more thing that you should know  Mca.is a desperado 
 The Dems Are Radical Communists.   Dems Think TheY Are Above The Law .Can Do Whatever TheY Want.Disrespect Gov"T Officials.Block Free Speech.Be Violent.Be Vulgar And Obnoxious.   Time To Kick TheIR LIBeRAL Asses To The Curb,,,,,       
 		being proud will solve the problem of those retards. I say it's time to stand up and be tough and woop there asses when they cause retarded scenes like that. Other wise there ganna stomp all over you. 
 I do, every April 15th   Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger  Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger 
  
 	He wants to get nigger criminals out of prison because he's a nigger and Blacks support Blacks even/especially if they're criminals. They loved Oj for killing a White woman. 
  
 		she s sharing that she never had good sex 
 		 who's  interpretation of " good sex "  
 		 who's  interpretation of " good sex "  
 	Yuck, I hate that cunt Anglin. She looks like a person we defend. oh wait Anglin is not part of 'we' anyway what do I expect! He's a creepy ghoul. :S 
 Rt LionelMedia    These particular words that are used are not selected accidentally but are chosen precisely to incite violence.    
 		basically list the entire Obama administration and mgmt of the Clinton foundation. all belong under indictment 
 		basically list the entire Obama administration and mgmt of the Clinton foundation. all belong under indictment 
 Sounds to me like Kanye is wrestling with feelings of Guilt after wearing that MAGAt hat? 
 	Guilt from not doing it sooner . 
 		Funny how Kanye cannot produce any support for his claims that people are giving him static over the Maga hat? 
 				Still no shred of evidence that anyone has tried to influence him into no wearing that hat like he has repeatedly claimed. 
 					  Just some quickly found footage of one example of Msm member doing just that  Tmz to be precise 
 						Really? I'll just take your word for it then. I meant Snl and the like- I'm sure that there is someone out there somewhere that may have done so- but I never specified this so.Touche' 
 				Try sticking with the topic being discussed. 
 				Poor little Kanye. Excuse me wilst I wipe my tears. 
 					You of course have no obligation to support his position or express sympathy. However your making spurious claims that basically no one has tried to influence him not to wear a Maga hat or to convince him to cease supporting Trump. That is patently false.  
 						Word for the civility. 
 							My pleasure Steve we disagree on many things but i appreciate your Pov and the fact your always decent about it. 
 								The feeling's mutual there Brother!  
 									Excellent! take care Sir 
 									Excellent! take care Sir 
 Oh, so now Robert DeNiro got a bomb, too.   Riiiiiiiiiiiiiight.   Cnn would have you believe some right winger is so angry they sent bombs to all these politicians.Soros.And DeNiro?  Why didn't Madonna get one? Joy Behar?   Sure.not buying this bullshit. 
 		haha! 
 		Ha! 
 		Ha! 
  
 	fucking stupid goddamn nigger bitch! 
 White roastie still didn't get the memo that her vagina privilege does not trump the nigger privilege.    
 read the fourth political theory   h 
 		read encirclement by jimmy mason 
 		:)))) 
 		:)))) 
 							Actually it is Just Tight than that . your word is for weaklings. It does not matter . Truth is Not a Weapon. Hemlock? 
 															The Symposium states 'the highest form of love is between a man and his beloved' -- who was a Boy -- the queer was rightfully killed. Pedophiles have no say.   
 Democrats and its media pets may do well to end its incendiary tone-deaf rhetoric. Hillary lost. No amount of revisionism, deflection or hate will change the fact liberalism does not resonate for the majority. Fear-mongering, petulance, and temper-tantrums are just a projection of retarded coping skills. 
 	how about "Die nigger die" level.Lol 
 Rt Filfungi     Globalist Macron Lectures Pro-Sovereignty Visegrad Nations to Fall into Line with Eu   via    
 	Fuck that faggot 
 Now follow me again, faggot  
 rotflmfao!   cesar? 56 years old? sounds like a conservative boomer to me.   none of "bombs" actually worked? sounds like a conservative vet to me.   sent all of them to criminals in the Dnc just before midterms? sounds like a conservative p.r. stunt to me.   (so fucking retarded -- every jack ass is stepping up to the mic to take credit for finding a guy through a fingerprint.) 
 Like these Gifs? Visit ThePatriola.com       
 	what is sad is this retarded woman is most likely going to be elected 
  in action   even if wetback engineers didn't commit crimes they couldn't maintain 
 Lynching, Stompin' a whore Anything to do with hate crime That's what we responsible for Battin a fag Knifin a kike we're launching a war run through maternity wards throw niglets on to the floor We build drone technology to hunt and shoot niggers I'm good long as an old gun will kill a new nigger  
 Heart of French language is in Congo, French language doesn't belong to the French people, says Macron.    
 	Even the French hate the French, Cunt wants to give everything away even its language. 
 Chez Rosie O'Donnell wants military to 'get' Trump from White House . . Didn"T the Looony see Trymp with the MARINEs yesterday . 
 	What a pig she is. 
 		 Dyke chicks produce smegma too!   This bitch has got to be rank! You know she never washes down there 
 Immigration act that started mud flood became law in 1965. Boomers were born 1946-1964. Assumed power around 2000.  Each generation is more perverse since kike propaganda becomes more extreme over time. Lie built upon lie.  Polls show top concerns for under 30 crowd is faggot rights/feminism/racial equality. None of those are top concerns for older folks.  
 Congo: African Tribesman Attack Red Cross Workers Fighting New Ebola Outbreak  
 		They're Nigger Thugs. 
 who are you, nazi faggot ;) 
 I already buried my Father, so no; but, thank you for that.  In the future if you have something to say to me, have the balls to say it publicly.    Pussy.    
 	Funkly? 
 		What kind of nigger name is Tamera?  You sound like a pig 
 Democrat Faggot Professor: If You See Republicans In Restaurant, ‘Stick Your Fingers In Their Salad’    
 Unexplained Mist Surrounds The Holiest Of Sites; False Flag Precursor Event? Everything is holy in the eyes of retard ! Dry Ice is holy in the desert i bet ! Holy Shxt lol   
 	Oh well 
 		Hey jew@jew  talk shit like a dirty rabbi with a shave'n schmekel try to tell us the last word is not three letters jew.   Take a hike with a jew tranny dyke and see if you can file a lawsuit in the appropriate dressing room.    Jew punk you are a criminally unholy turd stain in the fabric of society.   Stretch a new hole. 
 	oh that poor nigger. He forgot that snitches get stitches and he decided to turn on his commie faggot friends because he's been bought by Trump for political reasons. LoL. Trump really fucking wants that black vote in 2020. apparently 13% of the population makes a giant fucking difference, but 60% of the population can be smugly dismissed.  
 Portland, Or overrun by left wing hate mobs last night.     
 		Um, which one exactly? 
 		Good point. Lol 
 		Good point. Lol 
 If that hurricane does affect Tallahassee, I really hope it reveals this man's poor leadership (Again). I'm sorry people of Tally, but the whole state needs to be reminded (apparently) that he doesn't have what it takes. He just can't be governor. 
 	Racist Faggot  
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	The feminist cunt is taking time out from being on her back with her legs spread to get ahead to get to a keyboard and spew her vapid inanity. 
 	You're an N word? 
 		I could guess Filipino but I'm gonna go obscure and guess Micronesian. 
 		Lol Filipinos are pretty good people tbh and you guys have a cool meme president too.  
 		 
 		 
    > > > Kavanaugh Confirmed < < <       ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Yes 50 ~ No 48 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~   Sen Murkowski Votes > "Present" ~ Sen Daines > Absent, Didn't Vote            > > >  < < <                  #1A #2A                            vs   
 	Sen Murkowski= Rino Cunt    
 Sure, there are a lot of immature and stupid ppl here.  But that's bc there are a lot of immature and stupid ppl in real life.  And cursing or name calling has nothing to do with "guts."  If we had to communicate here like we do at work, it would be retarded and gay.  For example, I couldn't have even said that. 
 The government send us to war to fight Muslim countries    The Muslim council has gone made about a photo of British soldiers having a photo with Tommy Robinson, the very same Muslim council that said British soldiers are fair game for jihad attacks     Ive just heard that some of them soldiers have been sacked     
 				Look calm down, take a chill pill    I’ve said what I’m against Muslims that are doing disgusting things to children and killing in the name of Islam     Like I said I know what the Jews are doing Soros, Rothschilds ect ect    But where I live Muslims are rapping and killing girls in Telford    we all have different agendas 
 						   really    First of all the Saudis penned a deal for Muslims to be spread all over Europe in a deal for oil, Britain got the raping Pakistani Muslims    Now the Soros’s of the world are trying to get a new world order importing African Muslims all over the western world    Just when you think your educated and make yourself an utter brain dead labour Muslim loving party 
 							What is the name of the deal Saudis penned?  The left are the ideals of Marx who was a jew.  The jews are communists and have spread the idiology throughout Europe in whiich tge mongolising of Europeans through breeding with musrays n blacks is achieved.  Kalergi had the means via aschmel Rothsschild  
 							To do this   thhe jews who were boksheviks n trosky implemented it in the Ussr first.  The Saudis had fck all to do with it you moron 
 								Wrong again you triggered snowflake 
 							The mass migration of Muslims into western society isn't by accident or anything to do with war zones this is an orchestrated invasion with domination as their goal  
 								our only alternative will be civil unrest  
 								our only alternative will be civil unrest  
 FreeZoxee?  Competitor arises to Gab.     Not sure how it works or why anyone would sign on.  Gab is fabulous.  Nothing better.     
 	Maybe we can convince the Nazis to migrate over to there?  
 		Yes, Bye-bye fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches! 
 Lying Nigger Shiksa. 
 Why do these stupid people go to 3rd world shitholes for vacation while pregnant?   
 	Because they are retarded and don't think, they just react like the good Npc's that they are. 
 The Kanye effect     
 	So fucking gross 
 		Nigger worship  
 I am a retired Truck driver and this bloke should be getting his Cdl revoked for being a Retard . Everyone that goes through Cdl training should know about "Bridge Height Clearance"    
 Cats are not pack animals. They must hate sharing their space with an ugly bull dyke and 5 other cats. 
 Some retard will marry her.    
 Hey , I was born and bred in Brooklyn, New York by a Puerto Rican mother & an Italian father. Ask me if Gab is "Muh White Supremacists Safe Space"! I Dare You!    White Supremacists Still Have a Safe Space Online    
 	White Supermacist-is code word -for Faggot 
 Please!Take the time to listen.   Hurricane Michael was an act of weather terrorism.  The panhandle is critical to the election.   They are keeping the information of the damage from us.   We are at war, and being attacked.   This information is very important.                                                                                                   @studentoflife                     
 	i'm in Florida Our news has shown the damage It levelled several cities like an atom bomb was dropped The fact that it increased speed so close to land is unusual also Hurricane Leslie active since September 23 and is still on the move that's an unprecedented almost entire month its been moving by all logic Leslie should have petered out in those cold waters 
 		We have a Soros/Obama/Clinton endorsed Socialist Sand Nigger running for Governor  
   Update breaking news.Demonic Satanic Lying Cunt Blasey Ford  Ex Boyfriend  Tells All And Breaks Silence!  Sent from my iPad 
 No irony here.Lawyer for little  Doxxer says:   "We all need to take a deep breath," said Stolarz. "In this political climate everyone wants to jump to conclusions. We need to put the conspiracy theories aside and focus on the allegations. Jackson Cosko is innocent until proven guilty, and we intend to challenge the charges."    Lmao.Oh just like Brett Kavanaugh you mean?        and just like that."Innocent until proven guilty" is back on that table now?   --------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 	How Bout We Just Let A Conservative Redneck Take Him Out Behind The White House And Whip His Nazi Brownshirt Lookalike Ass Til He Can'T Remember Who He Is Let Alone What He Was Doing. 
  
 	half nigger muzzie faggot and moron 
  
 	 
 			I wish I could debate the Jew bastard.  Jews are too retarded though to actually debate. 
 (((perverts))) are lurking on Gab. Porn should be banned! 
 	yes hello 
 		the Only thing I block on  . . perverts I call a faggot . . a faggot . . a perversion . . allowed to fester . . they Will infect shaming is still a great weapon . . worked for centuries without moral boundaries . . what are we ? . . a free-for-all society ? I boycott all movies etc . . with faggots last fucking thing I ever wanna see . . is some dudes naked ass 
 	 Now, it's reduced to Blather. Repeated failures to prove that  is fake. Over and Over. And Over! Just Drivel, now. Desperate. Micro-Flatulence. Pathetic. Sad. #Q   
 		Q is a fraud!  Support Trump, not some stupid  letter of the alphabet who is Wrong over 50% of the time. 
 				You're as pure as the driven.snow. I get it. A victim.  Gfy. Moron. 
 						   Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q  is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives.      
 						   Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q  is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives.      
 if you're red pilled in every way except you think jews are better than muslims then it means you're lime pilled And Let'S Thank The Jews To Be Something We Should All Aspire To And That'S BeING Filthy Stinkin' Rich 
 		Reply is that what you call it when that sand nigger cums in (your) ass?  
 This trouble making Biatch needs to be deported Asap! 
 	This Muzzie wanna be Pos will feel the wrath of American Patriotism soon.Enjoy the show 
 A very important statement by Richard Spencer on Heel Turn.    Spencer describes the problem of the alt-right surrender to Movement Conservatism.     
 	I've never liked Spencer but I will say that his takes have gotten better in certain areas recently. He at least understands that pandering to the Gop isn't a solution, and I agree with the Npi data on Whites becoming a minority in 2031.    
 		Greg Johnson's written a big article slamming Spencer over at Cc.  It's a good summary, but Greg's idea that hailgate was the end of the world is very questionable. Greg should stick to archivist, not activist.  
 			Here is the article by Greg Johnson. Read it and decide for yourself. I agree with some of it, some of it is objectionable.      The part about heilgate smacks of ill-will. One can place some blame on Richard Spencer for the seig heiling debacle at Npi, but to not even mention who actually did the heiling when that person is known personally to Greg Johnson is absurd. You can blame Spencer for inviting that individual, but Spencer didn't know that Enoch was going to organize heiling at the Npi event.   Who am I talking about? Mike Enoch of course. Greg knows that Mike Enoch did the heiling, and still supported Enoch long after the event. How can you have a problem with Spencer and not with Enoch for the exact same incident? The answer is that you can't and the incident at Npi is being used battering ram against Spencer. The amnesnia in the rank and file about Mike Enoch's role in the Npi heiling incident is one of the queerer things about the alt-right. Proof that Greg Johnson supported Mike Enoch after heilgate below.      Of course you can go around saying "don't purge" and then write polemics that if successful will have the exact effect of purging. 
 					*speech where Mike Enoch instigated a round of Roman saluting. 
 					*speech where Mike Enoch instigated a round of Roman saluting. 
  
 	I find you keep posting in the wrong channels, I mute you. 
 		Figures it's a whigger ! 
 fuck the filthy Marxist cunt . . . .  
 Rt MagniFieri    I came out as Lgbt in the 90s & lost family & friends. I was called faggot & beaten to a pulp. Surgery required.  Coming out as a  supporter is 10x harder. I'm called Nazi & my life is reg threatened. Still closeted out of fear of Liberals.    
 		Im shocked that aids sack is still walking upright 20 plus years after the fact. 
 Oops! Ocasio-Cortez Accidentally Announces Soros-Activist Who Confronted Flake in Elevator is Illegal Alien   Ha! Pretty much proves just how stupid Cotez really is       
 	well. This Cunt Is As Stupid As They Come. She Needs To Take A Long Walk Off A Short Bridge.  
 Why don't you take your meds you dumb stunned fucking cunt 
 go gas yourself you Jew loving faggot  
 Just a friendly reminder that when forced to increase diversity the Nyfd essentially eliminated all Iq related standards.    
 		why u hatin on bbq waycis 
 		why u hatin on bbq waycis 
 the nigger kneels but more than likely those white girls have already fucked nigger cock. 
 That’s weird.   Why would oppressed refugees carry a flag from the country they’re fleeing the oppression from?   ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  And why are they all men?                            #1A #2A  
 	This mirrors exactly the migrants into Europe.     
 		These aren’t Refugees or qualified for asylum 
 			They are invaders. Let us call a spade a spade, or in this case, a spic a spic. 
 A whole fucking shit ton of those niggers were following me. I mean like a bunch. I was racking up nigger followers non stop for like four days straight. Than one day they just vanished.  
 These cucks will be the first under the sword when the demographic balance of this nation tips. 
 	That's right, because the left has no use for them once they get into power. Then, they will simply load them into the cattle cars for "the good of the state". Why do you think they hate Us so much? We won't submit, we won't willingly climb into the cars, and we will never, Ever give up our guns. Ever. 
 		& not a nigger among them. 
 	look, we wouldn't have a percentage problem with whites is men would just stop with the judging by looks and just marry white women no matter how fugly and have kids.  
 Stop being a nigger wit dat fakenews. 
 Everyone who will call 855-557-0111 and ask the dude who anseers if he is a dirty stinkin Sand Nigger goat raping camel fuckin animal and see what he says! I've done it 3 times and he keeps hanging up on me . 
 Home Secretary unveils the biggest immigration reform for decades. I smell bullshit     
 		Nicely put  
 		Nicely put  
 Now do the same but with a Nigger or a Jew in the photo and wait the reactions. I predict the Fbi will be chasing the author in seconds. but against Whites? all is Ok, move on. 
 Liberal Writers, Activists Attack ‘White Women’ Over Kavanaugh   [I Don'T Know About You But I Call This Type Of 'Journalism' As *Incitement]     
 	The thing that struck me most from the Sarsour meme going around yesterday, was her specifying that she's attacking the 53%! What an overly entitled cunt of a terrorist! Minorities are fucking minorities. 
    check the bmj 
 	Get yourself one of these posters for the wall.  Honestly, it will change the way you think.   
 		Guinea pigs are so noisy.  For brain and body where you need a bit of both I used Hooded rats, not the retarded flesh globules of wistar white rats.  The hooded's will take your eye out :) 
 "Pro free speech" A lying faggot that claims to support free speech because he wants to view himself as a free speech advocate, but who in reality is too beta to survive in a free speech world 
 	Shit, at least he hated Trump    
 		It said he disliked President Trump meaning he is a liberal Pos.  That transcends ethnicity! 
 		It said he disliked President Trump meaning he is a liberal Pos.  That transcends ethnicity! 
 Adam Ant - Puss 'n Boots (Video)    
 		faggot english 
 Sorry, sorry! I meant to say National Socialists faggot boys; I didn't mean to offend you with the commonly accepted shorthand, you little queer. 
 	Hey just to confirm, you are a racist right? 
 	Hey just to confirm, you are a racist right? 
 : Weil ihn ein Angestellter eines Schnellrestaurants bittet sein Tablett wegzuräumen, schmeißt ein Gast mit einem Getränkebecher nach dem 21-Jährigen und versetzt ihm einen Schlag ins Gesicht    
 	Nigger raus ! Gilt auch für Sandnigger. 
 	Yeah but didn’t you hear? Niggers are gonna help Trump save America, all the cucks say so. For real, that video was crazy tho. They caught the one nigger on fire and than they grabbed a whole different nigger and bashed him in the head and threw him in the fire too. I never want to live around niggers.  
 Police refuse to investigate Muslim Supremacist Senator Ellison's alleged sexual assault and beating of a female and son.     Sources say that Ellison is protected by Sharia and the Quran and these allegations will not effect his campaign for Attorney General.     Somali Sharia advocates praise Ellison for his restraint and mercy shown by not killing the woman. 
 	keith is a muzzie twat 
  
 	they actually thought some ordinary faggot nigger could run this country. smfh.  
 The Redneck Vasectomy     After their 11th child, an Alabama couple decided that was enough, as   they could not afford a larger bed.     So the husband went to his veterinarian and told him that he and his   cousin didn't want to have any more chillren.     The doctor told him that there was a procedure called a vasectomy that   could fix the problem but that it was expensive. "A less costly   alternative," said the doctor, "is to go home, get a cherry bomb,   (fireworks are legal in Alabama) light it, put it in a beer can, then   hold the can up to your ear and count to 10."     The Alabamian said to the doctor, "I may not be the smartest tool in the   shed, but I don't see how putting a cherry bomb in a beer can next to my   ear is going to help me."     "Trust me, it'll work" said the doctor.     So the man went home, lit a cherry bomb and put it in a beer can.     He held the can up to his ear and began to count!     "1"     "2"     "3"     "4"     "5"     ( you'll love this.)     At which point he paused, placed the beer can between his legs and   continued counting on his other hand.     This procedure also works in Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana,   Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri, West Virginia and Washington Dc. 
 The Redneck Vasectomy     After their 11th child, an Alabama couple decided that was enough, as   they could not afford a larger bed.     So the husband went to his veterinarian and told him that he and his   cousin didn't want to have any more chillren.     The doctor told him that there was a procedure called a vasectomy that   could fix the problem but that it was expensive. "A less costly   alternative," said the doctor, "is to go home, get a cherry bomb,   (fireworks are legal in Alabama) light it, put it in a beer can, then   hold the can up to your ear and count to 10."     The Alabamian said to the doctor, "I may not be the smartest tool in the   shed, but I don't see how putting a cherry bomb in a beer can next to my   ear is going to help me."     "Trust me, it'll work" said the doctor.     So the man went home, lit a cherry bomb and put it in a beer can.     He held the can up to his ear and began to count!     "1"     "2"     "3"     "4"     "5"     ( you'll love this.)     At which point he paused, placed the beer can between his legs and   continued counting on his other hand.     This procedure also works in Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana,   Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri, West Virginia and Washington Dc. 
 Says the faggot who got triggered by a picture. Lol 
 A chip off the 'ol block.   
 	faggot with twig arms like Bogg! 
 	When they find out it was the nigger couple all along we'll never hear about this story again. 
 Breaking:   President Trump is using some kind of cult-like force to make us agree with him!    Imagine what a mess he'd be if he drank alcohol!        
 	Lol. What a clown.  She's beyond fucking retarded  
 	Not only was that a sickening segment of "media" it was a sickening display of retarded people for the nation to see.  And Don Lemon? What kind of drugs was he on? Or, was he just drunk again.  How anyone can remain a demonrat is beyond my understanding.  I'd be running like all hell was right behind me.  What a bunch of losers.  
 @a  I have been spammed with deeply disturbing images.  Freedom should not be confused with license. Other mainstream platforms technically ban porn, so it's not as though it is unheard of an oppressive.   I'm not opposed to seeing hot guys, girls. But graphic adult content should not be permitted. Please consider a ban. 
 		I like the Nazi porn here on Gab. Beautiful White girls wearing clothes, frequently their own country's traditional dress. 
 			The Third Reich was incredibly photogenic. Of the thousands of photos of Ah in existence hardly any of them are bad pictures. There are photos of him in a bad way but even those are powerful.  
 			The Third Reich was incredibly photogenic. Of the thousands of photos of Ah in existence hardly any of them are bad pictures. There are photos of him in a bad way but even those are powerful.  
 Melania Trump blasts pundits who obsess over her clothing: ‘Focus on what I do’   They only focus on anything that is negative.   We Love You  !    
 	Flotus could cure the ill and walk on water. This would still be reported negatively by the lame stream, they can't break the bias regardless of how pathetic they look. 
 		It warms my heart that Africans recognize that they've been blessed by a visit from an insanely sexy, important white woman. They're not playing by the faggot white westerner script. 
 I thought Gab was a platform for absolute free speech. Now that I see it isn't, this account will become inactive until current policies change.    The banning of "loli" drawings and plans to allow comment censorship through a quasi-block feature expose Gab's free speech commitment as a sham.   I will not participate in yet another censorship platform. 
 		I never argue with insane people Perverted people Twisted people Faggots Freakazoids Dykes  To the iggiebin you go .you loli porno pedophile faggot demokraut adult infant ! 
 What's the fetish with squirrels ya weirdo? 
 	oh the lil pedo deflector is having a lil rant haha half your wee group of retarded edl fanatics are on the sex offenders list, its the only reason they deflect it away to some one else. edl supporters facilitate the abuse of 1000s of kids constantly. yaxlet lennon has been implicated in grooming kids. hes a pedo. like you 
 Watch: 1300+ Hondurans Begin Organized Trek to U.S. Border   
 	George Soros and company bringing more democrat voters into America 
 		We need to stop this stain from spreading. 
 				Low Life Nigger Lover. 
 You’re free to leave at any time, sir. |  
 	Hey faggot transsexual anytime you want to leave you can , whore 
 well she wanted a nigger to fuck her and she’s pretty fucked now  
 Radio host Dave Ramsey:   "Money is like manure, it grows things when you spread it around;  when you let it all sit in one pile, it stinks." 
 	these commies always have this answer of 'just spread it around, just give the money away' so they can either a) lead by example and give away all their wealth and b) they can be specific about the utilization of this money by the end user. who/what will this money get spread to? more abortions? more gibs for worthless/weak people? or more dnc sex offenders? 
 		i still think anyone that believes in collectivism, even remotely, is a fucking idiot, whats worse is this brainlet is a 'financial advisor', who at some level subscribes to this retarded ideology.  
 Jordan "Lolcow" Reid tries to hide his name on Twitter like we don't know who he is 
 	Who is Jordan Reid?  
 		Jordan Reid is a filthy nigger that smells like shit. 
 a small group of people on gab, maybe 100 people total, are posting sfw and nsfw loli pictures. torba is Pissed. meanwhile literally the entire rest of the world is sexualizing real children. nothing from drew. but he's mad over 3 foot tall blow up dolls.    
 	I do not understand this comment. Don't really want to. This abuse of 5 year olds in the linked article made my stomach churn and blood boil. Children are Not to be characterized this way in any way, shape or form. 
 		A drawing isn't real? It is both a depiction and a precursor for real. It is like a 'safe-space' for the mind to be conditioned i.e. programed. Early porn was drawn on clay tablets by the Ashkenazim in Babylon. 
 			God women are fucking dumb. 
 				I am guessing that reading The March Of The Titans or The Culture Of Critique for example is beyond you. However, you should should grasp what real men write and present. Otherwise how can "dumb" women respect you? We have far higher male role models to follow. 
 							Yes, I hear often of European women and their welcoming nature from blues musicians who say "they are friendly to blacks where as American women are the opposite." 
 							the average woman is attracted to danger the same way children are attracted to fire, it's the same exact mindset.  
 						You resort to vile words and slurs. 1. I am ex-Rhodesian we fought like hell to defend our nation. 2. As an ex-Rhodesian I am very anti traitor politicians 3. I am not in Europe. 4. I am anti-feminist but capable of researching & discerning men who are sensible 5. I've no interest in Jews post-modern philosophy   
 							Meaningless, you learned nothing.   Even worse, because you practice it thinking otherwise. A good trick of the age. 
 								Ok what do you know that I should learn? It helps if you explain calmly. 
 								It is time to switch from drawings to real life. You instantly dismissed not only an example of white genocide but also it's horrific implications now reaching into your nation. You must have empathy for your own race In Real Life. 
 								It is time to switch from drawings to real life. You instantly dismissed not only an example of white genocide but also it's horrific implications now reaching into your nation. You must have empathy for your own race In Real Life. 
  
 	No fucking way 
 		Nigger maff  
 	Despite my strong Nationalist leanings I still love Ayn Rand. Not just her but Leonard Peikoff and especially Nathaniel Branden.   Her books are all chicken noodle soup for the souls of the lonely intellectuals who feel totally isolated in a world full of ignorant and incompetent people.   As Michael Tsarion said: ".reading her is medicine."   As much as I think we could benefit from some benign form of collectivism I just don't see it happening on anything other than a local scale.   People have become so psychologically broken that there is no hope for a large scale collectivist Right Wing revolution, that ship sailed in 1945.   Her work as well as the work of Nathaniel Branden is important because it will show you how to heal yourself, focus on self-improvement, the achievement of your goals and the development of authentic self-esteem.   This is what helps to rebuild a man's soul, broken by the toxicity of modernity, into a healthy and intelligent individual capable of taking charge of his destiny and overcoming the odds stacked against him.   I don't agree with all of her philosophy, but I think she is a must-read for anyone who feels lost in a world full of zombified masses and who is looking to break free from the insanity of normality.   She is one of the few female intellectuals who has completely changed my life forever and I recommend her to everyone who will listen.   I wrote an article some time ago explaining my stance on the Individualism vs Collectivism article, you should check it out.   It was one of the most difficult, yet rewarding pieces I've ever written because it really made me think about how my philosophy and worldview differs from hers and helped me to gain some intellectual independence from both her, her Objectivist school as well as the more Nationalist and Collectivist thinkers who I also admire.   Thanks for your thoughtful post. I always enjoy discussing Rand with those who have read her with intellectual maturity and experienced a profoundity of catharsis and personal growth that Rand so often inspires.    
 		This is just more Peterson tier "wash your penis" signaling. Individualism is for vaginas. Reconsider. 
 			That's a shitty strawman.   Regurgitating talking points from Murdoch Murdoch is not adequate when you are discussing philosophy.   This is one of the problems with everything being reduced to the meme.   Complex philosophical dynamics are oversimplified to a level that leads people to throw the baby out with the bathwater because one aspect of the argument was made into a meme.   If you have a legitimate criticism of her philosophy then attack it intelligently.   If you read my article, you will see that I have many criticisms of her as well and I certainly don't consider myself an Individualist. 
 				If your moral is genuine and resonates you don’t have to force it through superfluous narrative as in Atlas Shrugged.   Not only are there more sex scenes than necessary but all of them play out as a rape fetish and I’m aware that in her book the Fountainhead there is an actual rape. Showing that sexual deviancy and libertarianism and jewishnes go hand in hand 
 					What? 
 								Covington’s books are long but pages are thick and print is big. Problem with Quigley is his repulsive hatred for Germany. I think I ended up tearing the book in half. Did you know Quigley was Bill Clinton’s mentor? 
 								True. But Jews know how to get a book read by the masses.   Booklet. Not book.  Short words, sentences, paragraphs, chapters, & sections.  Millions of kids will read 1,000 comic books of 30 pages each, but not a 3,000 page book.  
 Wv - Police  arrested Juan Carlos DeLeon Zanas, 46,  attempted to abduct a 16-year-old girl.  A Kroger employee said multiple bystanders stopped him    
 	just Another wetback illegal doing the jobs we whites refuse to do 
 	  
 	  
 Nigger? You are clearly confused on what a nigger is. You must be a jew who fucks the real niggers. As in up your jew ass while you slander the white man.  
 Time to turn off Fox News lying Trump hating faggot is on! 
 	Bro. I'm on your side.  I can't stand Trump and want that guy out of office asap, but dude your posts are just as retarded as the right wing / alt-right guys. Tone it the fuck down. all you're doing is giving them fuel, b/c you look just as lame as they do.  
 	Whenever people try to play God, they come up with mutant monsters.    
 		We know that, darling, but they want it to be a happy pedo faggot world, and moms would shoot them in the face. 
 Islam = Violence / Rape / Pedophilia / Retarded Inbred Culture. 
  
 	Leave that nasty nigger in the jungle where it belongs. 
 Isn't that special!    Sarah Silverman: I Let Louis C.K. Masturbate in Front of Me  via  
 	that's one sick fucking stinky vagisil cunt folks. Std is for everyone that fucks her! 
 Can she be more retarded than ever. I guess no one explained why we have the Electoral college in the first place to her.    
  Senate Republican Leaders Explosive Press Conference on Kavanaugh Conf.  via  
 	Well, it’s concluded then.  Thousands of pages.  Seven (7) Fbi background checks   150 witness interviews   Not One shred of corroboration naming Judge K as the bad guy.   Then, a slew of ridiculous questions from the liberal retarded questioneers. 
  
 	Ford Is Nothing Other Than A Lying Sjw Cunt Commie Bitch ! 
  
 	Waters 1023/1024 so nearly full retard 
  
 	So, I was walking through the halls at my college when I see this rather large woman moving in my direction. Her shirt was too short to cover her gut, which was hanging down quite low. I shuddered. When I reached the end of the hallway and turned around, I was greeted by an even worse sight. I could see half of her butt crack.  
 		omg one time i was at Walgreens and this ginormous niggerpotomus with fat rolls in places where i dont even have places came waddling on up behind me so i couldn’t see her right away but the Stank of gorilla shit slathered in cocoa butter hit me and i just choked hard and went Omfg Did A Nigger Fucking Die In Here Holy Shit Im Gonna Fucking Puke and i spun around to cuss her out but my Dad picked me up and put me back in the stroller but ill never forget that stench  
 Also weed is ok fact, its other drugs that need to be banned alcohol should be banned fact, its a drug. 
 	Yeah how did banning alcohol work out last time? 
 		Weed kills brain cells, alcohol kills liver, kidneys and brain cells. The body produces new brain cells, so weed is ok fact. 
 			The body produces new brain cells? Explain liberals then. 
 					Trying to picture liberal brain cells committing sudoku. 
 						I'd prefer to see all liberals successfully commit suicide 
 							Save us a lot of time and ammo. 
 							If they voluntarily did that. Yes But they won't voluntarily Jump for Trump, so we best put on our fatigues & take care of business when the rioting starts 
 								Ok I’m in. 
 									I expected nothing less from you.  I was gonna save you a seat, but I don't have to now 
 					stupid/retard are different, then someone that has some of there brain cells dead. People that vote democrat are brainwashed, that is different then someone that has some of there brain cells are dead. 
 					If I ever need someone to tell me really obvious things with a delivery more dry than most science teachers, I know who I have to call (obviously not you, cause I don't have your phone number and don't want to). Had to write that part down before your autism flares up and you feel the need to point that out as well. 
 					If I ever need someone to tell me really obvious things with a delivery more dry than most science teachers, I know who I have to call (obviously not you, cause I don't have your phone number and don't want to). Had to write that part down before your autism flares up and you feel the need to point that out as well. 
 	The violence is real been verbally accosted 3 times.  
 		I'll say it:  lying cunt ! It was all an act and multiple people just proved it. I feel we can talk about this all day, but it's like 04:14 over here :') 
 	Oh, yes, those nigger sows will be wailing and weeping fairly soon. They'll ignore the fact that the nigger buck is responsible for a whole lot more violence than White males. 
 Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
 	Jewish isnt a race  
 		It's more complicated but it doesn't fit Carter's narrative. Problem with that nasty old cunt is he needs attention  
 		It's more complicated but it doesn't fit Carter's narrative. Problem with that nasty old cunt is he needs attention  
 This dude  is spamming me thinking he is actually getting to me. All I do is say one thing and bam back to spamming. It's like he doesnt understand how trolling is done. Lmao 
 	Oh, is that crying? LOLzy ;)  
 		Still with the LOLzy? You can't be an adult. 
 			All night long, honey ;)  
 				Have fun, monkey. Lmfao 
 						Keep dancing monkey! 
 						Keep dancing monkey! 
  
 		 
 		 
 Wait. Listen. Can you hear that? Listen carefully. it's the sound of  and leftist heads exploding across the whole country. Glorious.     
 		Did you know that there is a brand of gun oil named Liberal Tears? 
 		I did, actually. I really need to get some.  
 		Didn't know that, sounds pretty nice. Will have to write that down so I can buy that in the future. 
 		When I get the chance to launch it, will make sure to send you a few bottles for a review. Having my own brand of liquor is one of my many future projects. 
 		When I get the chance to launch it, will make sure to send you a few bottles for a review. Having my own brand of liquor is one of my many future projects. 
 What are you 15 years old you fucking retard 
 Americans believe in Magic! Liberals believe a supernatural "blue wave" is sure to rescue their cause. Antisemites believe that tiny Israel and the 15,000,000 Jews worldwide are controlling their lives through Plots. Then there are those Odd folks who follow Q, with its' hashtags and cryptic abbreviations. I'm puzzled, skeptical to a fault. Anybody? 
 	Being against Jews is not the same thing as being against all Semites. Therefore anti-Jew doesn't necessarily equal anti-Semite. I have problems with Jews but I love Sumerians and Canaanites and Phoenicians, which are all Semite groups. 
 		I would knock you out in one hit, you christian faggot sucking jewish dick 
 Dayum, nigger 
  
 		We haven't even seen the worst of it yet .  
 		We haven't even seen the worst of it yet .  
 Would love to see the cars people drove during their high school years. Here's my high school rides. 1957 Ranchero and 56 Studebaker 
 	wait, are you a boomer? 
 		Self righteous cunt boomer. Typical and predictable. You cunts ruined the white world and then you claim that your grand children are responsible. I can't wait till the boomers are all finally dead, due to old age. Would have been better if boomers were put in camps instead 
 The moment you feel compelled to ask your neighborhood Neurologist; How much does a Retarded Physical Gene affect the Mental Process?    
 Beware of Zotac! Shady Policies; doesn't stand behind its products     
 	Dumb faggot should.have stayed on top of his shit. What a waste of.time 
 So Amy Schumer says that white Nfl players are racist if they don't kneel withtheir black teammates. Here's my question; is every African American & every minority, on every team (entire roster) in the Nfl kneeling? I’m sincerely curious because I no longer watch, go to or follow Nfl games. But by her "logic" everyone who doesn't kneel are racists. 
 	Schumer is retarded 
 imagine hiring a woman in 2018 
 		well thank god some of them left the West Coast!  
 		well thank god some of them left the West Coast!  
 "I Vouch for  Becase She Is The Rightful President Of The Usa.and also, because I am an intellectually lazy twat with no ability to think critically."  
 	let jimbo suit up and fly to Syria. 
 	Isn't that a net gain when muslims kill each other?  Seems like a sell-correcting problem there. 
 		That’s how I see it.  
 		 
 		I like it.   
 	This guy's an anti-semite who cares what he says he's a f****** idiot. Muslims have been killing each other for three thousand forget about it. 
 	This guy's an anti-semite who cares what he says he's a f****** idiot. Muslims have been killing each other for three thousand forget about it. 
 And the award for best reply of the year goes to. 
 		Hypothetically of course, could a gang of fed up individuals tie her up in potato sacks and place her on an empty oil tanker bound back to Saudi Arabia in a hypothetical sense? Just hypothetically sayin' for a hypothetical friend. 
 		Hypothetically of course, could a gang of fed up individuals tie her up in potato sacks and place her on an empty oil tanker bound back to Saudi Arabia in a hypothetical sense? Just hypothetically sayin' for a hypothetical friend. 
  
 	In the Us, all we need to do is drop the muzzie in gen pop.it will be taken care of quickly  
 watch out the faggot ghoul doesn't get you 
  
 	Das heisst Nigger ia 
 Glad @a U got  sorted out these fuck wits didn’t get on2  which that  piece of shit had a account  or that silly twat the day B4 had a  account but nothing.  is everthing 
 Bette is kicked off the plantation. Wait until Candace Owens gets a hold of this 
 	Wait a second! White people can’t even say (literally) the N word anymore? Is it now the word that shall not be named? 
 		Hahaha First Amendment, doll face. say everything 
 			The word Nigger is so powerful because it is a Truth! 
 Even the most civilized nigger is never more than 5 seconds away from a full chimp-out. 
 We need to ban people calling for things to be banned 
 		You do realise you've just said "as Santa's post proves" hohoho 
 		You do realise you've just said "as Santa's post proves" hohoho 
 Confirming what we all know, anthony mundine is a turd.   Apparently he isnt Australian, you know, Australians let us all rejoice?   Wants an anthem just for his mob but turns his back on his own culture by being a disgusting mohomedan.    
 	Everything you don't like done by white people is automatically racist. Toaster on the blink, racist. Power cut because of a thunderstorm, racist. Got a hangover, racist.    This kind of racial blame shifting is so par for the course with these types of people, that they should rename this guy, Anthony Mundane. 
 		Lmfao "Australians let us rejoice cos' we are young and free" the classical opening lines to a white pride song, Anthony "punched in the head too many times" Mundine is just a lost soul looking for some attention. 
 			I thought five eyes was supposed to collect us the Chinese Ip not just an excuse to send 1500 marines and settle a Us base on Australian soil. Our retarded politicians don't even want Us nuclear powered subs or Navy with nuclear warheads docking, 
 			I thought five eyes was supposed to collect us the Chinese Ip not just an excuse to send 1500 marines and settle a Us base on Australian soil. Our retarded politicians don't even want Us nuclear powered subs or Navy with nuclear warheads docking, 
 Dumbass faggot 
 Leftists are such strange creatures. Everything about them, from the way they phrase things to what they say, is just plain weird. 
 	Hmmmm I guess that's why my cunt libtard sister doesn't speak to me anymore.  
 Australia Imam says If you don’t want a person to invade your privacy sexually,    In Other Words All Women Wear A Hijab To Protect Them Selves   Nassim Abdi who is a cleric with the Australian Ahlus Sunnah Wal Jammah Association, says he doesn’t justify abuse, but preaches that it is the woman’s fault if she puts herself out there & gets abused    Dirty Muslim’s 
 	So this sand nigger needs to explain why so many Muzlims live in non Muzlim countries and expose themselves to women that don't cover as they would in a Muzlim country. They are living non-Muzlim lives when they have the opportunity to move to Muzlim countries where the women are covered. So technically they are living lies and it's not about religion, it's about control. Low Iq Muzlims believe they actually have the power to control strong minded, high Iq populations through intimidation and control of women. 
 The Kanye effect     
 	I live in a "diverse" community, pretty peaceful neighborhood really.  I have a big garden in my front yard, out there all the time working.   Speak with A Lot of based black dudes.  It is enlightening.  Their children attend the elem school 6 houses up from me.  Even the Mexicans are getting based around here.  I encourage this. 
 		Cucked faggot  
 If you're going to slander me you sorry Sob please tell everyone what My Last Name is ,otherwise Stfu you cocksucking Faggot Nazi dick licker  
  Thought that name was familiar. great choice, that! 
 	I have a question Julia.as you look around your Man Made home,with Man Made Plumbing and then as you look out into the Man Made Street from your Man Made Windows.at all that Man has Invented and Created.how do you with a Cunt feel Equal? Cock Sucking? 
 All Hell Broke Loose When Loretta Lynch Made This Racist Attack On Trump   
 	Roflmfao lynch Is A Lying Criminal Obese Cunt That Looks Like A Football Player    Fucking Animal Degenerate Trash 
 Fb post.   Heads up everyone.   My husband is a lieutenant on a fire dept. in a large town just outside Chicago. He is on vacation and just received a call to come in. All off duty are on standby. All trucks are being deployed in preparation of the VanDyke verdict and expected riots about Kavanaugh. 
 	It was justified killing. Its just kowtowing to blacks 
 		Apparently the claim is he was on Pcp. I would have shot him too. Not going to let some crazy drugged up nigger loose to kill someone 
 	Black Beast nigger rapists. 
 Brett Kavanaugh's op-ed in the Wsj    I Am an Independent, Impartial Judge Yes, I was emotional last Thursday. I hope everyone can understand I was there as a son, husband, and dad.        
 	That article makes sense to rational and sane people. However, many on the political left are neither. They will only see that article as an admission of guilt and a sign of weakness.   
 		the retarded left. 
 Most people aren't even spiritually inclined and aren't interested in history except to support whatever ideology they've been brainwashed in. Most Christians don't have an understanding of their own theology or its implications, let alone the history of the church. The masses need to be shocked or shaken before considering anything outside their small-minded realities.   I see the various racially-aware groups as part of the chaotic resurgence of our Folk: in the current age, clarity is not yet expected. We never know which cognitive dissonance or shock tactic will awaken a somnambulant zombie from their slumber. We are all doing our part, in the manner we're most adept, for the audience we know best.   The racial awakening is essential, and is also somewhat easier than the spiritual, which by its nature is not well suited to mere words. Yet the spiritual is vitally important. The time will come. 
 	I can only speak for myself. Though I continuously learn and evolve my understanding, I do feel 100% connected to the transcendent.  Will speak to you - but not if you cuck to a Semitic death cult like Christianity. You Must shed it and connect to true , or just shut up, sit down, and go home. If you want to touch the truth, and feel it, if you want the gods of our Own  to speak to you, take your head out of your anus and realize that Christianity is a crock of horseshit designed to control you like the donkey you are. Don't be a donkey. 
 		when will you have a genuine discussion with a christian, and not just mute them? 
 			When will you stop acting like busy writers have time or interest in having conversations with internet randoms? What kind of moron do you have to be to think someone has gotten through life having never spoken to a Christian before? Here’s an idea. You read the pages and pages and listen to hours upon hours of discussions that I’ve released on your religion. I don’t have the time to teach each one of you individually. 
 				I tried listening to one of her podcasts once tbh. I made it 20 minutes in and had to turn that shit off. I don't know how you guys can sit down and listen to this shrill saxon ice thot scold you for 3 hours about how undereducated you are and how smart she is. 
 						I actually agree with Varg on dropping out of the system and living a simpler, rural life. He doesn't just whine about Christians all day. He also has like 8 kids. Carolyn has none. 
 							yeah but any he opens his mouth about anything historical hes so naive and full of half truths 
 							Yeah. I don't agree with him on religion (obviously) and he's just wrong about Southern Europeans. But I can actually find value in his work. The same can't be said about Carolyn. 
 								his stuff on living a more simple life is good, the environmental stuff is good, but anything he says regarding history/ religion should not e taken seriously 
 									Agreed. 
 									to give an example, in vargs video servants of Satan he claims the The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus was destroyed to build a church, now its true they did use the stones from it to build the crusader church, but what he leaves out is that a earthquake had destroyed it 2 centuries previously and when the knights reach the place they Record that it is in ruins 
 									to give an example, in vargs video servants of Satan he claims the The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus was destroyed to build a church, now its true they did use the stones from it to build the crusader church, but what he leaves out is that a earthquake had destroyed it 2 centuries previously and when the knights reach the place they Record that it is in ruins 
 Rt :    So you're saying they were paid.  
 		Just ignores the photo evidence of payments to protesters 
 		Just ignores the photo evidence of payments to protesters 
 Hitler, Hillary & Antifa   (the Hitler cowards will be downvoting this but I know there's way more people who will upvote - I'm not the only one sick of those idiots)   Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: Please click the star next to the Marianne's Corner Topic (bc you need a Pro account to do this to my name instead) as I'm moving away from adding additional names to this list as it's getting quite lengthy.  If you would like your name removed please let me know.  Thank you all so much.                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                                                              
 	the communists are trying to subvert the retard normies, as usual. and it clearly worked for this post 
     Seems he is calling you out here is his message :   Screen shot this.   I will beat him silly if he wants to square up legally lol   Hahahaha   Shill  What a fucking plantation nigger 
 Barack Obama said he would have won the 2016 presidential election against Donald Trump, do you agree?     
 	Not likely, you dumb ass Muzzie Pos!   
 So the press calls the first black man to preach in the Oval Office an "assault on our White house."    This is Exactly the reaction Kanye West and Trump wanted.    They're showing black people that leftism is their enemy.     Another trap was set, and the press fell right into it.     
 	A white supremacist woman and a transplanted Canadian twat trying to tell Black Americans how they really feel. Ok then. 
 Why do these racists demand that white people "stay in your lane" . Yet, they have No Problem telling white people what to do and how to think    
 	Eat Shit Nigger And Die ! 
  
 	Might be a kike. Anyway, did ya ever notice how these types are usually wimpy beta males and/or homosexuals?  Woe to this faggot if the shit ever hits the fan. His ilk will regret the day they ever thought about fucking with us. Personally I could beat the crap out of five of these Leftist pussyboys if they ever attacked me. 
 Proud of yerself? So many Words wasted on your Own feeble virtue-signaling. Your swastika boy scout badges were stomped to death in 1945. Get a Real cause! 
 	Go back and Read your own posts. Your "Look at me, I'm a Nazi!" shit is childish, like a little retarded boy.  
   
 	Flashing gang and white power signs! 
 		What kind of fucking retard thinks blacks are white supremacists and the "ok" sign is some covert signal?  
  
 	Oh my gawd. You Liberals Are Fukn Stupid    And then, she doubles down on the stupid . 
 			She must have thought the short bus was half price fare. 
 			She must have thought the short bus was half price fare. 
 You're gas lighting. He clearly is not calling for race mixing.  
 	Using asian women as surrogates. Now if the child is raised with an asian mother, that's a whole other set of problems.  Same as white women adopting nigger babies.  
  although a brave man, he should not have done what he did. Killing Jews won't further our movement, directly attacking the government will. We have pretty much been colonized by Jews under the name of the Us government and the Us government should be our target. 
 		Killing like 10 Jews isn’t going to do anything but give us better optics, retard  
  
 	Let's also kill this sand nigger 
 The cutest thing is the cat, the second on is that the dumb cunt think's she looks cool by surrounding herself with tools. 
 Sharpton After Collins’ Kavanaugh Announcement: Trump Base Are Like People Who Attended Lynchings After Church    
 	Nigger are always Vile!   
 The Brittany Venti audio/video leaks dropped. Holy fuck        
 	wtf lol 
 		Disgusting apartment and two freaks crying. That guy is autistic as fuck and Venti has the brain of a retarded 11yo. 
 	You found me out. I am 1/1024th Sephardic Jew 
 		Hey jew@jew  , it's no mystery what goes on here on Gab.ai.   Jew, it was suspect from day one and on day 21 there were jew jokers'n ass clowns raging hebrew boners and Mgm rabbi dick.   When you get a clue it's from your asshole and you can suck that shit off your fist guy.    Judaism is terrorism and you are a f'n criminal. Now blow faggot smoke up some more ass 
 	Just checked out your profile, it's a joke just like you.  Btw brah I know you're all hot & bothered but you'll never have me or any other Attractive Sexy woman. Now you can go back to your 40 on the front stoop of your "house" in the projects lmao  
 					But Are a whore lmao!  Did mommy leave you with cps when she ran off with that white man? Awe! Guess you don't get the best schooling in cps care huh? Awe  
 Andrew Gillum staffer fired after calling for Trump's execution, wearing shirt deriding pro-Trump states   
 	isn't this stupid nigger under federal investigation for some crooked shit?  
  @a c/c     There are obvious foreign trolls on Gab, posing as White Nationalists & Trump supporters.   They are currently trying to sow division, demoralize conservative voters, spreading anti-Trump/anti-Republican propaganda, and discouraging people from voting.   This is foreign election interference. Will Gab do anything about this? 
 	Hopefully no. We don't need any echo chambers. If your ideology can't withstand a little shit posting, then your ideology is trash! You political rivals will throw everything they can at you, and it will be you looking like an Npc if all you can do is spout buzzwords. 
 		You're already proving yourself wrong. You do not speak or behave like a normal person. You talk and behave like a fucking retarded lunatic. 
 I said over a year ago Michelle was going to run in 2020. I got told I was crazy.  Now Michelle is rebuking Hillary and Holder.  I'll see you next year when Michelle announces.   
 	Can you imagine that disgusting nigger sheboon lumbering into a meeting with other heads of state?  The Us would be the laughing stock of the world.  
  
 	cuz White ppl aren’t indigenous to anywhere we were made in a lab by an evil scientist dont u know Anything about nigger liberation theology?  
 :September30,2018 Why Did Obama Spend $36.2 Mil To Hide Certain Records In His Final Months? Now We Know  via  
 	Half Nigger Commie Pinko Faggot ! 
 Somali workers walk out of Minnesota bakery in protest of new dress code.    More than 30 Somali employees at a bakery walked out in protest Monday after the owner ordered female workers to wear mid-calf skirts after a woman's long dress recently got caught in a boot washer.      
 		Um.an alive one. 
 I’m starting to feel bad Pauli n appreciate ur willingness to not be a faggot n mute, or run. It’s a going to be a shame that I will probably hv to oversee ur camp stay.  
  
 		Was It Shaped Like LItTLE  Dick Durban Or Dick Blumenthal.  
 		Was It Shaped Like LItTLE  Dick Durban Or Dick Blumenthal.  
 Can't believe I just did this.   All you stoners in Wisconsin owe me, dammit ! 
 	fuck you, degenerate retard 
 The Left: You can love whoever you want   Also the Left: If you don’t love who we say, you are a bigot 
 	Ok, still not going to date one. 
 		you say that today; liberals will pass a law that requires you not only date one but marry one and have babies withhim-her-it   De Blasio Signs Bill Adding Third Gender, ‘X,’ To Birth Certificates       note the liberal 'actress' newscaster is reporting this with a straight face 
 			Ok, I'd like to know how? It can't make babies. 
 				oh contraire   liberals say they can do anything their demon minds conceive, even change God's natural laws not in defiance of  but of God Himself   Men having Babies Funds Men who want to be Biological Parents    
 					For the love of sweet baby Jesus make it stop! Enough of this fuckery. 
 						I've seen that guy on the top left fighting in the Ufc. 
 							Fuk u faggot 
 	Lol. You're probably right. 
 	Lol. You're probably right. 
 You're right on all counts. You're Still a faggot asshole. 
 		And there she is Daft Cunt herself Queen Avatar Queen of fuck all.  I counted 12 - 12 out of what 11k following lolz Where's my religious Queen? Which persona do you present to the girls' so that they send open legged photos to you? & pray tell why have u followed me when u wanted my departure so much? 
 	you must be a pedophile, a baby raper.  
 		lol go fuck yourself, you deserve to be insulted for being a cunt, a stupid cunt  
 To all the Muslim`s and Nigger immigrant`s in my country. I wish to suggest that you try this wonderful English port.Southampton! F*Ck Off BACk To Your Own Disgusting Sh*Tholes. 
 	You just invited more shit. Bad move. 
 	You just invited more shit. Bad move. 
  
 	Horrible faggot Owen Jones.  
 Retard Nation.  If you're just waking up. Welcome to the Idiocracy 
   
 	I don't mind when ppl long for the days when kids did this stuff, but they're always 100% the same ppl who, if their retarded kid gets injured doing this, are like "Omg, insurance companies should pay for this!  What kind of society are we?" 
 	I don't mind when ppl long for the days when kids did this stuff, but they're always 100% the same ppl who, if their retarded kid gets injured doing this, are like "Omg, insurance companies should pay for this!  What kind of society are we?" 
 Nasty little faggot ain't he? 
    Who gives a shit? We already went over this one like 3 years ago, and my opinion still hasn't changed! Fucking NPCs man. 
 	So big deal.Harry fucked a nigger 
 Why are wealthy liberal white girls holding the ‘black power’ symbol while begging to be arrested for their temper tantrums?   In what over-privileged, bratty alternate universe do these Hollywood elitists think they live in?   , sit down, clown.    
 	That's not "black power", that's "i'm gonna fist all you bitches". She's asserting her prison dyke dominance. 
 I can only do my best to convince them. You're right. I can't stop a retard from putting a fork in a socket, nor will I. 
 Sorry about all of the McCaskill posts, but she's a cunt and has no right to legislate against my, Or Your 2A rights. 
 I keep muting this retard wictor over and over, gab keeps putting his garbage on my timeline, no more muting , I will simply shitpost reply to all of his retarded garbage. Fricken spook. 
  
 	Mark Of The Beast  
 		is it? Wtf could be!  little faggot start his company in a closet in dormrdormroom? dormonu? Wtf Dude Lmfao Crazy! 
 Does this mean I can retaliate by putting up "Keep Nyc nigger free" posters, and without backlash? Heh, blacklash. 
 Facebook shareholders back proposal to remove Zuckerberg as board chairman      
 	That cunt isn't going anywhere as if  
 	That cunt isn't going anywhere as if  
 Last Evening I watched an old Errol Flynn & Ann Sheridan movie   Edge of Darkness about Norway resistance fighting nazi's to   protect their homes, it was a very powerful movie with Patriots   fighting fascist the same as we are in this country today!   They both quoted this one line I think is very apropos today!   "In These Times We Must Be Like Steel!"   What does that say to you personally? 
 	To me it says you need to stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 blocked and muted you fucking anime faggot  
 		I cover a variety of topics. Some beautiful, some ugly.  
 		I cover a variety of topics. Some beautiful, some ugly.  
 	I believe the Japanese and Chinese would disagree with you, the Persians had a vast Empire at one time, and were the Mayans taken down by Jews? You're so precious, child 
 		Whoa, where did that come from? I'm willing to concede a point if it is well made. You are saying that blacks are generally retarded based on Iq, I reject that because there is no way in hell any sociologist has ever got the funding to go over and test native africans 
   Lawless London : Teens Arrested After Two Police Officers Stabbed.  
 		It's bound to be a nigger of some kind. 
 Report: Professor offers students extra credit for voting, saying ‘We must show up for Beto’.    
 	Vote for the twat and get an A. How can any school allow this lunacy?   
 United Kingdom: 'Schoolboy, 15, given detention ‘for backing Ukip during classroom debate’'   
 		Asking a teacher to not be a leftist is like asking a medieval munk to question the Pope. 
 		The Jews are like Sjws, they infest everything.  
  
 	Why is that faggot standing in front of a giant rainbow? Looks like the rumors about Richard are true.  
 'We must love our fellow man as ourselves, yet you conservative Christians are anti-immigration' - how would you counter? 
 	No Conservative Christian is against immigration. The problem is in Illegal immigration. Say it with me 'Illegal aliens are not Immigrants.' 
 		I’m against immigration if we don’t have jobs for them. 
 			So your not against it if there is unlimited supply of low paid jobs for MS13 murderers and drug runners, child trafficking gangs. Radical jihadists. Islamic suicide bombers. Serial rapists, serial peodoiles. Fucking disgusting evil retarded spastic.  
 Some of you have asked about more info on this woman.   Here we gooooo.   Her name is Samantha Ness.@lookitsSammm She is a grade school teacher in Minnesota. You can contact her school's director at 651-423-8100.        #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam     #1A #2A     
 	Makes me wonder who is going to fill her canteen account in Prison with pink hair die and charcoal for her Eye brows. 
 		She better hope she has canteen or she'll be eating A Lot of nigger pussy! 
  
 	Win the midterms for goodness sake.  You dont bring the military in just before an election you retarded ape! Sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up   
 thank God that retarded ordeal is over!   libtards. commence hysterical crying & screaming. 
  
 		Are dogs better people than black people? 
 			give me a dog over a nigger anyday   
 	Looks like an amerimutt spic Mamzer to me. I only date blond hair, blue eyed women.  A mulatto kiled a Mamzer. No harm, no foul. It’s not like any humans were injured .  
 Welcome to San Francisco. This is Folsom Street yesterday (9/30/18). This is the California Senators Feinstein and Harris are working so hard to protect. 
 	The one positive comment I will make about the Muzzies, they don’t put up with this faggot ass shit and would throw both of these pole smokers off the top of a tall building nearby. 
 Sentencing Delayed For Brave White Teenager Who Defended His Racial Kin Against Black Savages At Charlottesville.     and others. Do Not forget our/guys/ left behind! It's important!     
 		Hell yeah, the south Will rise again pal .  
 		I'm a lifelong New Jersey goy but sure would love to see that. The southerners I've done business with (on the phone) in years past are warm, good-natured and decent people--something I can't say about the average person here in this diverse shithole called New Jersey. 
 		He is guilty of self defence and being white. The latter is a serious crime in charlottesville 
 		He is guilty of self defence and being white. The latter is a serious crime in charlottesville 
   LouDobbs, tonight bought up this smear tactic, an how Democrats, use it to spread dishonesty.  They will do it, as often as they can get away with it.   Please, watch this an pass it on. 
 	That fucking cunt need to just do a John McCain! 
 	That fucking cunt need to just do a John McCain! 
 Sadiq , fiddling whilst London burns . Twat . 
 	I have dedicate a whole topic for this muslim shitheel.     
 	He's always been on the fiddle. 
 	Partandparcelstan 
 	Fiddling with who though, we are all waiting for the abuse scandal to come out of London which will be far worse than any other city so far. 
 	Fiddling with who though, we are all waiting for the abuse scandal to come out of London which will be far worse than any other city so far. 
 Over 6000 cases per year and not a single police prosecution , well done Plod !   Babies falling victim to horrific Fgm in scandal which shames Birmingham    
 	the Brits are too busy taking muzzie dick up their ass 
 Awww did the little Muslim have to edit his Morom to Moron cause his Iq is so low .Lol everyone can see you edited your post you Ignorant Goat Loving Muslim , carry your camel Jockey sand Nigger ass back to Twitter where you Belong ,you Muslim Sob  
 	Bf are doing fuck all not one immigrant will leave Ballymena as a result of him stirring the shit . 
 		Peter Golding is a national hero, why oh why isn't he in the New Years Honours List? Better than Derek Half Nigger Haslam;) 
     Tommy Robinson Is Deceiving You 
 	A common theme with the islamonazis hiding as nazis is anyone who is leading the charge back against islam is controlled by the Jews. This obviously is of concern for islamonazis! 
 			? They are many more Muslims in our borders than jews now and in many cases in more political positions than jews in the west. 
 			 How did they get across our borders? 
 			Nwo>Un> corrupt politicans but we all know that. The question is they are here now and so our number one problem and jumping on patriots trying to confront that is illogical. Unless you are an islamonazi then logical. 
 			 I'm not jumping on anyone trying to confront islam or muslims. 
 			The jews have taken decades to get to this point and the Muslims will take us in 4 generations. Surely you cannot be thinking correctly giving people grief wanting to confront both instead of just one? 
 			 I don't understand what that sentence means "Surely you cannot be thinking correctly giving people grief wanting to confront both instead of just one?", in any case, I am one who wants to confront both. 
 			never mind just focus on both not one. this our reality now. Oh and islam is the original socialist (fascist) totalitarian doctrine and so get used to me calling it such. Hitler came along much later. Horse before the kart so to speak. 
 			never mind just focus on both not one. this our reality now. Oh and islam is the original socialist (fascist) totalitarian doctrine and so get used to me calling it such. Hitler came along much later. Horse before the kart so to speak. 
 U.S. Army Veteran and trial lawyer Kurt Schlichter has sensationally claimed that the mail bombs targeting the Clintons, George Soros, Cnn and others could be a leftist scam.   Ben Shapiro says anyone who suggests that is "deranged".    
 	Ben Shapiro again confirming that he's Controlled Opposition 
 		Ben Shapiro is a retarded moron himself 
 What we need is a statesmen. A true leader. A proper ruler. Who can free us from this economic prison by means of autarky.  -- What we got was faggot nonsense about the Capital of Israel and Muh Tax Cuck.    Source: The Flag Goes Back Up -- the Circle Remains Unbroken - YouTube   Address :  
 You can't make this type of fucking stupid up. 
 	that's a retarded bitch 
 Omg  
 		Democrats always accuse others of what should be done! 
 		Democrats always accuse others of what should be done! 
 Spend ten years in Auschwitz. My bitch love do race war, ooh. I gas a Jew, I forgot her name, yeah I can't let no cappies reign, rather go bomb the U.K.   My gulag make more than wage slavery. Your blacks still live in the trees. Still gassing Jews in Poland. Me and mein Führer sing Deutschland, ooh. None of this shit be new to me, shootin' the bourgeois, call it revoluty. Got a new Panzer, Party gave it for free. Fuck your fighter jets, fuck your bourgeoisie. Bitch, your army cracks like some French cucks. I'd rather fuck a black from the mud huts. They threw me out a copter, fuck that spic Pinochet. Now I fly a bomber jet. 
 I'm sure your illustrious massive brain is collapsing under the weight of your genius. You're an intellectual midget in comparison to me. You have the Iq of a retarded chimpanzee and the reasoning skills of an autistic child. Ironically your larping account is the epitome of your true status, minus the intellect. You are an ape. Muted. Lol  
  
 		No someone from Liverpool. They have a reputation for being workshy, thieving scumbags & complainers. They are white. 
 		No someone from Liverpool. They have a reputation for being workshy, thieving scumbags & complainers. They are white. 
 i think it's pretty obvious they spent more time having sex with each other than they did training to punch nazis 
 	faggot power! hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhhahahhahahahahahahhahahahahaa 
 "Profanity-Laced" Shouting Match Erupts Between Kelly, Bolton Outside Oval Office | Zero Hedge  
 	Oh fuck this is that Twat Watson again, starting to really dislike this Limey Lout. 
 It would be nice if Gab did #3, but I expect #2 before the end of the month. Torba damn sure isn't interested in defending free speech and fighting censorship to the point of putting his website or himself on the line. That's what the Aclu and Cbldf does, not Gab. Pussies.    So what will happen first? Will Gab. 
 	I had no idea what "loli echhi" was until I read Torba's response and he's right.  Nobody wants to look at your retarded child porn hentai.  And like at the faggot white supremacists, you're like "der, doesn't matter, it's free speech."  Too bad, nobody cares about your little baby whining. 
 	I just can't believe the stupidity of wanting radical racial/religious minorities. Did 2 World Wars kill all the people with any brains? Is every white nation in a retard contest? 
 Spent a lot of time this week at Rof Burghfield (where we clean the Deuterium off our Nuclear Warheads and re-pack the Uhe that sets the damned things off) According to the spasticated Lawyer Daggett that is Mark Lewis and the equally (but differently) spasticated Slatfascists they should have arrested me!   But as I keep telling them. they are chasing a zephyr. they have every single thing wrong.   That’s the funniest bit. overall. 
 		Lawyer Daggett has no soul, it is being tormented right now and when he dies his life-force will be given to his soul and all the pain that soul has felt as a result of his rotten life on this Earth will be taken out on it.  He will suffer, for eternity.  He is to be pitied, not respected. 
 		Rather like Jean Hatchet/Vonny Watts then? 
 		Rather like Jean Hatchet/Vonny Watts then? 
 To all you moron Jew haters. You're as stupid, dangerous, and Godless as dimocrats. Your wanton unyielding ignorance shames all humanity.  You are not welcome among decent educated people. I wish I could mute you all at once. My Lord Jesus Is a Jew. Stew on that. Eat it in fact. My staff will sprout while you grumble unto death. I truly feel sorry for you. 
 	*laughing & yawning* fuck you retard & you're idiotic voodoo. 
 					Lol you step in your own shit and blame me? That’s priceless. Do some more. 
 							I don’t think what i do really counts as a temper tantrum. I just think truthers are idiots. Evidently 71% of respondents are dumb 9-11 truthers. It’s no wonder average people feel smart around you folks. 
 								If a man doubles the life insurance on his wife 2 months prior to her murder it's called suspicious.  If a man doubles the insurance on the Wtc 2 months prior to 9/11 it's called lucky   9/11 The Day Of Coincidences.  
 											 
 	Lunatic 
 	hey, Einstein, do you support Islam by chance.  they fuck goats and camels,   you are worried about breast feeding.  too bad you were not aborted. 
 	They have thinking problems. They don’t do it correctly. 
 	What did I just read? Beyond ludicrous  
 	True 
 	That explains it. All moslem boys are breastfed. Who knew? 
 		That’s as bad as fruitcake that said people need to ask permission of a baby to change their soiled diapers. These nuts are either Mkultra experiments let loose on the streets or there’s a Top Secret Idiot Factory somewhere churning these morons out by the trainload every day.  
 T.I.’s Melania Trump Look-Alike Slut-Shames First Lady, Mocks Accent    
 	Skank typical nigger whore.Stupid nigger still lives on the plantation. 
 18 Usc 2101 Conspiracy to riot (what the Fbi is charging Rise Above Movement with) was passed in 1968 as a tool for the police to shut down anti-war protests.     They stopped using it because its a flagrant civil rights violation. Now they are using it against nationalists, based entirely on accusations from Antifa blogs. The Fbi = Antifa. 
 		and the Military Is Where All THIs Belongs. Not 17 Fking Intl Agencies.  
 		and the Military Is Where All THIs Belongs. Not 17 Fking Intl Agencies.  
 "I'll give you high marks if you can dig out photos of Winston Churchill, bare naked, attempting to seduce his (male) Private Secretary.  Or find us a pic of Obama taking Michael's erection up his back passage."  Sounds like you've got a special request from some faggot nazi that needs some new material, to me, there Pauli.  Better get right on it! 
 Redneck please.  The media and Fbi and Doj is monitoring this site for crying out loud. 
 	Not sure of the figures but I can say with a substantial amount of confidence that illegal immigrants are in general a benefit to our economy. There are the smart ones on the take which I despise but the humble workers do nothing but good for this nation. 
 			If you want to bring on some debate by all means, if you are here to just name call then there's nothing further to discuss. 
 					Why aren't you upset about Us global imperialism or the fact we have soldiers and bases in 120+ countries around the world. What about the military industrial complex? If you want something/someone to be angry at take a look at your own government. 
 						Muh Whataboutism 
 							Your view seems to be that immigrants are a major contributing cause to the decay of the Us standard of living right? If so, I'm saying, have you even considered it's unrelated to immigration? 
 													"'Legal' immigrants are not inherently beneficial by any standard", please elaborate. 
 That's what you came up with? Lmao wow  I guess I'd better cut off my dick and start defending retarded attention whoring e-girls now.     Dude you're gay, you've revealed yourself. Go pay for her premium content like a good little paypig. 
 just nuke it!     
 	U expect anything else from an Ignorant Nigger !   
 	The Gop are still mostly useless Cucks, yes.  But the Democrats are going full Stalinist. They have to be trounced in the mid terms. Nothing else matters in the near term. Why can’t people focus? We can return to trying to fix the Gop after the election. 
 		No need to be sorry. Just go sit on the sideline bench and stay out of our way. 
 			Is this a republican fanboy that would support his evil rulers just like a liberal would?     Is this what republicans want to do?  More retarded blind allegiance to the same never ending war party.   That is not securing the border? 
 Hinsehen !   Nigger was denn sonst. 
 	And Snoop is a low iq nigger 
 Benghazi Survivor Has Choice Words For Those Who Criticize Trump Over Khashoggi  via  
 	I have no doubt the hit was carried out by professionals. I only challenge who sent them. I believe the best chance is the Cia/deep state ordered the Ff hit. I also think Trump already knows who ordered it. 
 		Who gives a fuck if a traitor -- and yes the Sand Nigger was Judas -- was executed? Stop being a tool.  
    transgender jew back in court   another mortgage fraud thing 18 months   what will he come back next as the great  soprendo 
 	transgender lol, thta funny.  hes simply got huge tits on account of the fact that he is about 5 foot five, personally i liked the "short fat kid with  man boobs and in a pair of flip flops whilst standing on an idf tank" look 
 		also you get called a cunt if you question st tommy yaxley   passport and mortage fraud midgit 
 	By The Looks Of It That'S The Fastest She Has Ever Moved In Her Life 
 	By The Looks Of It That'S The Fastest She Has Ever Moved In Her Life 
     Faggot could only do that to a woman 
 Only a faggot would ask a faggot question like that, nazfag.  
 The "man" in this video, seen kicking a pro-life woman in the face, is named Jordan Hunt, formerly a hairdresser in Toronto.  He lost his job because this video went viral, but he deserves so much more than that.     
 	I hope this faggot prick went to jail! 
 "Tree fell down in my street, my neighbor decided to create this masterpiece."    
 		Sorry nigger you brought up preferance I didn't.  
 this is the dumbest politition in Australia , Matbe the world ,,, a piece of drift wood has a higher Iq than this retard ,,, I know "Retard" is a bit strong as its very insulting to Retards ,,,,,,,,, 
  
 		What's black and white and red in the middle? A zebra with a gaping hole.  
 		What's black and white and red in the middle? A zebra with a gaping hole.  
 British cops are joke anyway. They are there to protect third world sand nigger shit eaters and arrest British citizens  
 Cunt ! 
 Cunt ! 
 	Stupid bastard actually believes that by being seen with a white woman, he'll raise his social status.  Too stupid to realize that his skin color won't change !  Lmao 
 	That shit is Photoshopped, I wear glasses and spotted that Asap.  Look at her (R) shoulder compared to his (L). 
 		'Twould not surprise me. I am too busy laughing at the 'look at my White wife!' desperation to be 'accepted' by Whites because he hates himself and his own race so much. 
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 	Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away,, scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? or the fact i made u bow down twice. kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
 		nigger 
 Hmmmm, Stay Tuned.    
 	Keith's favorite breakfast is Egg Beaters served up with a couple of black eye-d peas 
 		Good one, Bubba! 
 				 He is one of many in politics that I want brought to justice! 
 				 He is one of many in politics that I want brought to justice! 
 Islamic rules are incompatible with British laws, claims Archbishop of Canterbury.   No shit Sherlock     
 	First Lindsay Graham, now this faggot grows a pair. I think they're all on drugs. 
 .bring back internment camps. 
 	Personally, I'd trade that molester faggot queen Takei for a couple nickels to Saudi Arabia where he can learn the meaning of keeping his shit eating slimy dick sucking mouth shut. 
 Guardian journalist's response to Huddersfield grooming gang convictions. What a scumbag. Apart from the fact there were no white men prosecuted, raped children are not prostitutes. 
 	Cunt 
 It is increasingly clear that Feinstein and Schumer were sure Kavanaugh would drop out after the story leaked. They never planned for the old dinbat to testify and they never expected Kavanaugh to go Gladiator on them   Once again, the lesson is you always punch back twice as hard. 
 	Punch back twice as hard and then follow up with a cunt punt. 
 Mike Allen:   French citizens 'flee' to Hungary to escape from criminal migrant suburbs. Hey is Viktor Orban a Hero or what?    
 		Not according to jews! 
 		Mars. 
 		I've made a special sky hook just for chickenshits send 100 bucks today & have it first thing in the morning! 
 		I've made a special sky hook just for chickenshits send 100 bucks today & have it first thing in the morning! 
 right, man i was on the streets at 13 handing out fliers while you were pushing middle age. Ive been in this a hell of a lot longer than you, you trump penis floater, muh constitutional faggot  
 	This white guilt ridiculousness is seriously turning into a mental illness at this point 
 		Yup nigga owes me for all those taxes I sent to Afri-hoobi-joobi land since the 60s when their Retard Fathers failed miserably and begged for help all bcause they have no ability to think at all.Why would anyone want offspring like that? 
 	she wants painting over with hot tar ,rolling in feathers and chuckinu up the M27 -piss off to Portsmouth ! 
 		not really --she is just a stupid bint with a big gob .But a little feedback might show her that not everything is as cut and dried as she thinks . 
 		not really --she is just a stupid bint with a big gob .But a little feedback might show her that not everything is as cut and dried as she thinks . 
 an uncomfortable percentage of america's population actually believes this.   it will be the foundation of the bolshevik left's escalation of civil war 2.0 
 	Beau went Full Retard delicious 
 Lawless in Portland - Insanity Deepens - Mayor/Police Support Thugs   "Portland mayor stands by decision to allow Antifa to block traffic, hassle motorists"    
 	He is such a faggot 
 I tell you the "man" is retarded ! Sorry to retarded folk . 
 Two states are whiter today than in 1940. One other state is within a percentage point today from where it was in 1940   The states are Mississippi, South Carolina, and West Virginia, respectively. If that's what white survival looks like, how to convince SWPLs to take it? 
 	Oh yeah, the two states that haven't succumbed to White genocide are the two most redneck states in the nation but ya know, let's not listen to them or anything cuz they're a bunch of retarded hicks with terrible optics 
  
 	Hmmmmm.I'm thinking.    Nope, neither are Americans so definitely a no.    Kudos to him on the Jew thing though. 
 		Now I'm confused. Obama is fighting for freedom. Oh wait, it's a Muzzie helping Muzzie. My bad. Not confused anymore. 
 Rt :    Is anyone even a little bit shocked that  was bullied backstage for wanting to wear a  hat on Snl?   Despite the Bs they preach, the left isn’t tolerant of any view that differs even slightly from their own.   You obey or you’re out. 
 		Never thought I would say this, but I'd rather have Kanye on my team than you. Mindless, groundless animus much? 
 		Never thought I would say this, but I'd rather have Kanye on my team than you. Mindless, groundless animus much? 
 Look @a , the little faggot is reporting me Lol ;)  
 And So The Impeachment Track Begins For Kavanaugh            Chief Justice Roberts Refers Ethics Complaints         To Federal Judges On His OnLY SECOnD Day Of Work   First 3 of 15 Anticipated Complaints Originating in the 10th Circuit Court        Don't Get Mad, Register Then Vote:  #2018 Mid Terms: T - 27 DayS    
 	Jesusfuckinchristonagodamnfuckincrutch  
 		Wow Jeffry - that was a long one - I've heard of run-on sentences but never run-on words.  From a review of your Gab page, I can see your vocabulary is a "thing" with you so I'll admit to being curious.  Do you actually know any other words than 4-5 letter anglo-saxon expletives? 
 			Not that its any of your goddamn business you fucking Npc wetback mutherfucking peecee asshole but I'll fuckin answer anyway:  Don't you worry your little head, or big head for that matter asshole.  Now, off you go, mind the gap between train and platform.   Buh-Bye. 
 				Oh.so you Do know more than 4-5 letter words. Thank Heaven. 
 				Oh.so you Do know more than 4-5 letter words. Thank Heaven. 
 Mounties, by Tom Rhodes. 
 		No faggot mountme lover, you eat a dick.lol! 
 A Nation of Law and Order: Lib teacher fired for Kill Kav twat   Liberal Teacher Fired after She Tweeted So Who’s Gonna Take One For the Team and Kill Kavanaugh?    
 Lord only knows why, but a video I posted 2 years ago is all of a sudden blowing up on Youtube for some reason. Maybe you guys will enjoy watching a compilation of protesters getting run over too.     
 	and of course in thee insanely arrogant and stupid nigger opinion their lesser lives than whitey couldnt be because theyre way less mentally developed than whitey and werent making a damn thing but grass huts and shrunken skulls all history while thousands of years ago euro buildin greece/rome/englend/etc . theyre flippin Crazy  
 What could the Trump Trash possibly know about philosophy.  They're the dumbest people in the world 
 		80? what new ones am I supposed to pretend to give a shit about. 
 		80? what new ones am I supposed to pretend to give a shit about. 
 Right. He Is A Worthless Nigger Drama Queen. 
 Who was that faggot witht he bots like 8 months ago i called him a Faggot so he had his bots downvote me to shit? 
 Why are these fucking hookers yacking about their relationships online? Yes, I am talking about you nigger venti. 
 	Oh please any twat that lets their daughter be raped by anyone needs killing  
 Rt :    Senator Susan Collins is the mother & grandmother of white women in America who gave us a Donald Trump presidency. The 53%.   She is a disgrace & her legacy will be that she was a traitor to women and marginalized communities. History will not treat her kindly.  
 		She's going to be used as a test case when we start stripping paper-Americans of their birthright citizenship, calling it now     
 			Ugly, vile twat  reminds me of the Goon from Popeye cartoon.  
 .the Based Nigger Moment has infected Gab, Ds, and I'm sure Trs.  .the alt-niggers  
 Conservative Chick:  Joy Behar: Republicans ‘only interested in retaining their white power in this country’ (Video)    
 		They vanilla oreo's, white on the outside ignorant as fk in the center 
 		They vanilla oreo's, white on the outside ignorant as fk in the center 
 Jesus is a Jew & judges your life, were you an antisemite hater or did you live a life according to God's laws? 
 		There is no salvation outside the Gospel of Christ, so shilling for a false religion like Islam and Judaism makes you a heretic. Anathema, get lost.  
 		Henceforth: The . 
 		Henceforth: The . 
  
 	I just got banned from facebook for saying the 14 words 
 		You need to tell them before you leave to suck on this nigger lovers. 
 Meet Dave Hogue, a design lead at Google.   Remember: we’re supposed to believe that there somehow isn’t a Leftist majority at Big Tech companies - that’s just a crazy conspiracy. 
 	Faggot  
 Ha ha. There are men right now rotting in prison for false rape charges despite not only zero evidence, but exculpatory evidence. A nigger killed a white man, the jewish Da released him because the nigger claimed he was called a nigger. Keep fantasizing that justice or evidence matters. 
 Pagans are subversive    they care more about pretending to be Harry Potter than whites 
 		Eat a shit squirrel in the woods like a faggot 
 Watch: Moments after a jury issued a guilty verdict for Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, hundreds took to the streets, celebrating McDonald’s justice and taking a stand against police brutality.  
 	The Democrat Chicago Solution. It works so they are not going to fix it. Damn giant killbox.  
 	The Democrat Chicago Solution. It works so they are not going to fix it. Damn giant killbox.  
 Ah, so a sand nigger admitting to (bragging, actually) raping White women is not evidence?  Only a Zog conviction counts? 
 Why have they not just put this faggot in general population at a nasty-ass pen?       Over and over again this happens. New priest asks altar boy "What do they give around here usually for oral and anal immorality?" "Hmm, Father. Usually a candy bar and a Coke-" 
  
 		 
 		 
 Race-haters on Gab poll. What percentage are shills to damage pro-white causes?    (For added clarity:  Hate is understandable, but ineffective, and a naive too, imo. Know your enemy, but be strategic. Nonstrategic vitriol drives potential sympathizers away. In fact, vitriolic hatred is what a shill might do to taint a movement.)   I don't usually use the word "racist" because it's overly used. I'll use the term "race-hater" to refer to someone who just spews hatred publicly and tactlessly.   Are race-haters on Gab shills that want to taint the otherwise cordial race awareness dialog? What percentage do you think might be shills? Or are they being genuinely vitriolic?   (e.g. You can like in-group preference and ethnostates while not hating others. You can fight wars and not be driven by hatred.) 
 		You're a spic cuisine approproator. 
  black, trans, disabled, and 17. progressive stack level 1000. an sjw god. 
 	DIEversity, one more mind fucked kid ruined for life, "another happy customer served".   What does it say when a victim of the truly evil actually feels "empowered" instead of used?   If the powerful, unnamed, deep pocketed interests in this world wanted Americans to be male or female, physically fit, informed, & educated well beyond what public schools offer, and it served their financial interests for our people to be thus, where would that leave all the people who spring up to take an "identity" when it gets created out of thin air by dirty moneyed facilitators of the powerful?  I would weep for such broken people, but my heart filled up long ago. You are a means to their end Aaron Philip, you are the hood ornament to their demented perverse thinking. A headlight that illuminates their dark path, a proof that their insanity is made manifest. You poor child.  
 		lmfao, I was more on fuck the black trans retard level, but yeah. very well said. what kind of society are we in where we thrust the weakest of us to the front of the line, and held up like they are the peak of human evolution. one Emp and they wouldn't last a day.  
 This is how it's going to go, you make a statement and somebody disagrees with it and you have a conversation with them, if they attack America they have to deal with me, you send them on to me because I will destroy them just on philosophical basis, if somebody scares you you let me know 
 		This is how it goes knucklehead, you don't like it, my limit of giving a fuck was destroyed about 10 minutes ago, do you want to debate me let's discuss the issues and we should start with why being a Jew makes me suspect in this community 
 			  - It's starting to look like it's fake. 
 			 - He's got lots and lots of gabbers enraged, so it feels orchestrated to me. 
 			 - He's got lots and lots of gabbers enraged, so it feels orchestrated to me. 
 I'd love to see this man face a firing squad - only equip the shooters with M134 Miniguns!   Eric Holder Rallies Resistance Inside Trump Admin: ‘We Support You’    
 	I'll need just 5 minutes in a locked room to take care of him.  5 minutes. 
 		Not even 5 minutes. walk in. Bam. walk out. 5 seconds and that asswipe nigger is toast 
 I got off Facebook because it was a huge waste of money.    "After months of emailing, he finally had a scheduled appointment with a Facebook executive on October 3, 2018. However, after he raised more than $600,000 in support of Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, Facebook canceled the meeting and deleted both of his pages. To add insult to injury, Kolfage had over the years dropped more than $300,000 in advertising on his pages."        Facebook lets about 3 percent of your followers see your posts. If you buy ads, that numbers goes up to about 25 percent maximum.    The best way to screw Zuckerberg is to ensure a red mega-mega-mega-Maga-tsunami in November.    Big Tech will be blamed, so all these psychos will have their faces rubbed in their own manure. They're going to be hated by everyone. Since Zuckerberg and Dorsey can't bear criticism, they're going to drink until their livers explode.    Watch it happen. 
 		He sucks the dick of the Saudis and is a Rabid zionist constantly pushing for us to overthrow Assad. You are a silly boomer faggot that sucks on Jew cock.  
  
 	Kushner's people killed Jesus. 
 		That meme is retarded on so many levels, lol 
 What a cunt no wonder why The late Show is such garbage. 
 What a cunt no wonder why The late Show is such garbage. 
 It took me a while, but I finally remembered where I seen that goofy bastard before. 
 	Oh I get it. He's a nigger 
 A new study finds that a person’s chances of being involved in a fatal police shooting is higher in states with the highest rates of gun ownership, compared to those with the lowest.      
 	Then why do you ignorant fuckers Always report that the nigger shot was unarmed? Liberal socialism is a form of mental retardation  
 Kav Protester 
 	Your first cunt  
 	Your first cunt  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Eye-popping detail.   
 	I told you all Trump did not make the money himself. He is an incompetent. His father was the steering hand behind All his "deals." Even lil Don Jr would admit his father is a retard in private. 
 Well whoever u are u are a fine example of what is wrong in our society, your shallow mental pscycie  is hard to imagine in a human being in contact with logic or intelligance.:or is it u are a silly boy who knows no better? 
 	She looks terrible a typical dyke marxists which she is.  That all the country needs a sodomite/lesbo leader.  Not to mention her hatred of christianity  stop wadting your votes she has no chance of election but will split votes from Ukip putting lab/con back in. 
 	The nigger actually said " the proof is in the eating"  
 A Message From Oregon Police Chief Danielle Outlaw     
 	This Outlaw Police Chief was recruited from Oakland Ca!  Not even kidding! 
 		Tempe Az is in a similar situation. Once upon a time was a peaceful, fairly crime-free suburb of Phoenix. Now Both cities have "female" Police Chiefs in the last 2-3 years, crime has skyrocketed. Tempe's Pc was recruited from El Cerrito, Ca, a suburb just north of Berkeley in Northern California. Yes Tempe has a liberal faggot mayor as well. It's only a matter of time when they tell the good ones on the police force to stand down (and there are some Great guys on there.notice many have taken retirement in the last couple of years.hmmm).  
 Beautiful. This is how we make the world a more equal place for all people. Please repost, spread the word of god.  
 		Because niggers still have an 85 Iq when that data is included.  Are you a dumb nigger or just a troll? 
 merrick garland is a kike, Btw, so we dodged that bullet. Clinton and Obama have been loading the court with Jews, that's the reason for the hatred of Kavanaugh, he's not a hook-nosed subhuman. and when that old cunt dies, we'll get rid of one more jew 
 Cory Booker,   An accuser says that you sexually assaulted him in a men's room.   Should we believe him as quickly and completely as you did every Kavanaugh accuser?   Should we staunchly support him and parrot his accusations as fact, as you did?   Hypocrisy thy name is Democrat. 
 	Booker Is Gulity Until Proven Innocent !   Fucking Dumbass Nigger ! 
 Neil Patrick Harris Reveals That  Made Disturbing  Advances When He Was a Teen  
 	Not gonna lie, I'd rather cut my dick off before banging that nasty hideous Whoopi. 
 		I lost all respect for Ted Danson when he started banging that ugly nigger bitch. 
 "Tree fell down in my street, my neighbor decided to create this masterpiece."    
 		Sorry nigger I dont care about what you look like. Also I dont want to know about your venereal diseases, slut. 
 Muted goodbye. Twat 
 I'm getting really Pissed.Nobody seems to care that my Cat was targeted with a Bomb in her Litter Box.   and now Creepy Joe Biden gets one too!       Of Course I've had Kitteh undergo intensive Rehab for her Latent Liberal Leanings, so I don't expect we'll see any further Developments Developing on that Ground, weather it's overt or clandestine.          --------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                       @1776Ninja             
 	Did that bad kitty kill Soros, Barry, Hilliary,, & Robert?  Oh meeeow!  
 		I got the boot on Twat a Looooong time back. I copied & pasted a verse from their satanic Talmud &  next thing U know I was Locked Out without warning or Reason Given! I've been here ever since & Never Looked Back! Hello again!  
 		I got the boot on Twat a Looooong time back. I copied & pasted a verse from their satanic Talmud &  next thing U know I was Locked Out without warning or Reason Given! I've been here ever since & Never Looked Back! Hello again!  
 There are only a few dozen mudslimes in the entire British Army, Why should Any soldier be discharged for being in a photo with Any British citizen?       
 	Tommy is not "any British citizen " in this context .In this context he is a politician duping "our lads " into an unwise act for his own advantage . 
 		You made an account to be a twat, you're a twat fuck off!  
 Stopped sounding retarded @_the_Mad_Pirate. If you cant Glorify viokence then 90% of our Movies & Literature would be illegal & banned. Stop Spouting off with your stupid Boomer Bullshit. You sound like an Sjw Sperg ! 
 well I am smart enough to tell you, To go fuck your self, And you can tell Carolyn what ever you want to yourself I not your nigger Kike  
 now your gettin retarded  
 I joined Gab because I love free speech. I am against the Alt-Right, Nazis, and racists, but I don't think any speech should be censored except for speech calling for violence. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Since Gab is one of "our" platforms I think you should bring this message to Gab. I'm seeing too many Gabbers acting like . Gab is approaching half a million members and real opportunities do abound so long as we do not put the same old mistakes on replay. Stormfront is Fucking Pathetic.     
 		Odin was Cunt who got gut fucked by Monks.  
 	could you be more retarded / 
    The Democrats last attempt to screw us over before the midterms.  them out.  the funding. 
 	Tribalism doesn't always work all the time 
 		hopefully there attempt will backfire. 
 			We'll find out November 6th 2018 won't we 
 					Preach it brother! 
 					Sister, but yeah check out the Huston Tx, rally today. Just this morning they had over a 100,000 people camped out and the building only holds 13,000. 
 						Yeah yeah yeah 
 					Yeah yeah yeah 
 					Yeah yeah yeah 
 	Several people are shadowbanned here on Gab, so yeah.  
 		Unfollowed and muted , fucking retard 
   Update breaking news Another Lying Cunt Bites The Dust.Lying Whore.Stormy Daniels defamation suit against Trump dismissed  Sent from my iPad 
 You seem upset.   You should come find me.   I could help you calm down. 
 	You are such a coward.  What do you mean come find you?  Why not man up and come out to play.  Any time.  5 East 22nd Street, Nyc.  Let's go. 
 		Are you two nuts? Going after each other over politics in name calling on a social media outlet is one thing. I get called out daily on Gab for being a 'faggot, nigger loving' Libtard. So what? I'm from Brooklyn. I can verbally 'kick-ass' on Gab with the best of Trump supporters. But violence? Putting out your address? That's a whole 'nother level of nuttiness.  
 Oh great, the nigger is here. What do you want? 
 German father charged for protecting his daughter against sexual assault by migrant    
 	This is what a Jewish Run society looks like. Jews put dumb morons in positions of authority and pit them against the populace. The retarded asshole police then try and intimidate the populace into not even being able to protect themselves. Jews = Harbingers Of Death, Rape, Disease, And Plagues. 
 Democratic Candidate Criticizes Agriculture Industry, Suggests Workers Transition To Renewable Energy Instead      There is a bright lady there. 
 	Wow! Bitch Is More Stupid Than Just Stupid! No Wonder Her Idiot Tribes People In Africa Are STARVInG NoW, Nigger Don'T Like GOIn' InTo De Feelz To Workz! 
 Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
 	Actually Jewish isnt a race and you can convert.  
 		That's it! Dig yourself deeper. I said you Can convert to the religion, Judaism. You cannot become a Jew. 
 			Cunt if you have a baby! Also cunt Jewish is a religion not a race! You no fuck all pervert! Your just a patronising old cunt who spoutes shit and if anyone disagress or points points anything out you attack with abuse! Your just an old pervert who things he's something commenting on a subject you know fuckall about. 
 Yeah, this 
 	 
 			Ur mum Retarded  
 				oof my name kaede 
 					Get rekt ya nerd 
 						oof oof oof oof oof ooofooffoofoffofofofoffiif 
 								Go away 
 									Quoting other people’s posts because everyone following me needs to know I wrecked an autistic 11 year old 
 										That's a tough accomplishment big guy. 
 										That's a tough accomplishment big guy. 
 The only reason for someone to not hate a nigger is because they have never had any coontact with the savages other than the fake just like you and me niggers on tv 
 Remember: women never lie.   Story:  
 	Give that cunt 20 years. make an example of her 
 Black anime girls can be hot. 
 	more plz 
 		nigger lovers. disgusting  
 When the joker tried to tell me   I could cut it in this rube town  When he tried to hang that sign on me  I said Take it down    
 When the joker tried to tell me   I could cut it in this rube town  When he tried to hang that sign on me  I said Take it down    
 Fuck this dyke 
  
 	another retarded sand nigger cock sucker 
 		Take your piss shower, cunt 
 Mathew Richards is a giant dick skin eating faggot. Your a delusion gaslit retard spewing Jewish bullshit. 
 " What a goodly city this once was. "    London = Lions Den (Diversity Is Strength Edition)    Salt Mine News Network     
 	Try this in Texas. You'll be missing 4 or 5 third-world,  African thieves.  We'll just kill you. 
 		A bullet a day keeps the nigger away 
 I would have said that before as well, but not anymore. He's a nigger lover letting the real pedos go while investing time in lolicons. 
 This is what they call "Feminism" today 
 	That retarded bitch is what so many women are becoming 
 This is all you need to know, Az.  Don't vote this radical in. 
 	What an evil thing to say Arizona You better Vote  McSally  
 		My Mom was a housewife "stay-at-home" and worked hard at it, plus did volunteer work. Krysten Smegma------->cuntiest cunt of cuntdom. Ugh.  
 Who knew Mat Bracken was a bigger faggot than me? 
 "white womyn must divorce themselves completely from white men" 
 	Now which stage of genocide is this? 
 			We need to take the world back and get rid of all the filthy Lying Racist Jew Pigs!  Jews are despicable Scum! 
 Despite his vehicle being festooned with pro-Trump stickers, Cesar Sayoc doesn’t follow any Republicans or conservatives on Twitter, choosing instead to follow left-wing personalities like Lena Dunham, Jimmy Kimmel and Barack Obama.  
 	The  . a notorious spic bastard, male prostitute, who primarily followed .     and now .  .  A get a load of the "vanafesto" he drove around.  Must have been real hard for  (Fbi) to catch this 56%! 
 The Left: You can love whoever you want   Also the Left: If you don’t love who we say, you are a bigot 
 	Fuck off faggot 
 You couldn't be anymore retarded if you tried, so crawl down to your dark basement and stay there. 
 	thanks, gramps 
 	thanks, gramps 
  
 	looks like a commie cunt . nigger lover . commie cunt  to me.  
 my screen name existed on the net 20 years before your faggot name ever did. Look me up, you'll get my phone number, address, everything you want, cowardly inbred piece of shit 
 nigger jews on food stamps and welfare checks from America. 
 	 has anyone looked into the "cathedral" backstory?    Look at this etymology. "Bishop's fancy easy chair." I call bullshit.   Why take the "th" out of both the Latin and Greek roots to get "cata" (for down)? And are they really trying to slip past a KentumSatem switch in the Pie root with "sed" to make this work. 
 		2/ If you look at other words With that "th"  "Cathar", "catharsis", "cathected", "cathexis"  you get the sense "pure" and even "purification energies". 
 			3/ Now look at what they've done for "hedra". Base, chair, seat, face of a geometric solid. One of these is not like the others.    "Hedra" is not a word we use for chair. We use it for shapes  polyhedron.    So "hedra" here doesn't mean "chair"  it means "box" or maybe even "plane" in the sense of a single plane of something that has multiple sides/planes. 
 				4/ "Cathedral" never meant "Bishop's fancy easy chair."    It meant something more along the lines of "energy purification plane".     And if that is what the word meant, you Know they're not telling you the whole story about why these very old and impressive cathedrals are all over Aryan Europe. 
 					This is pretty embarrassing famalam. There's no secret to this. Roman architecture was ahead of other nations and when Christians took over they just applied it to their churches. 
 						Where did the Romans come from? Why does Latin come out of nowhere? Why does no one know what happened to the etRUScans when they ought to have been proto-Latins?   Like everything, the story of Rome is a fabrication.  
 							if you read ab urbe condita, it's pretty strange. they have legit general strikes in a pre-industrial society. how is this? why do general strikes only reappear 2k years later? 
 								Not sure where you're leading with this. 
 																	its a nice thought. 
 Its Called Fredom Of Speech Period. Wtf?  We Need To Derail Hate Speech Laws As It Is Faggot Liberal BULLSHIt Enabling A Lot Of THIs INSANItY 
 At the barber's today, I asked to have my hair cut like Tom Cruise.   So the cunt gave me a cushion to sit on. 
 	You can say it here. 
 			There's no twitter prison here. 
 				Twit-Mo is not an option here 
 				Twit-Mo is not an option here 
 	Doesn't speak well of flake if he is that easily bought! 
 		We must return to the Hits of yesteryear! 
 		Flake is a Rino. This was all just more leftist stagecraft. They gave flakey Flake a part to play, and he played it like a good little globalist. 
 		Why does Soros still walk? 
 	That can work both ways!  
 	Can you imagine? This woman who attacked Flake, was Faking that she was Raped, to shame the Senator, in the elevator.  Let that sick in. 
 		 
 It's 60,000 dollars for the gay wagon too here so an there is a lot of fsghots here boy buying this faggot ass death traps with locking up steering columns and brakes  
  
 	Fucking Cunt Commie Pinko Sjw Needs To Shut The Hell Up ! 
 Twat should make himself clear he believes victims of Rape when the accused is a Conservative not a feeble mined Sjw or Demonpratt! 
 Debbie did dallas   and tommy did the uk army   will he end up in a bin like raf man off fab swingers   get a fake muzzie to say some comment   better not upset the tammy   2 weeks that diva is back to the court 
 They’re trying to use this shooting to cover up one of the largest financiers of Leftist activists, protestors, and policies.   Talk about using a tragedy for political gain. 
 		That's just how retarded the libtards are. It's scary  
 I’m just a yellow nigger with a stick rn 
 		he never followed through with donating his salary to charity and profits from gifts from foreign leaders in violation of the constitution i can make you look like the fucking retard that you are any time or anywhere You showed the world you were a retard when you voted for trump 
 Boo! 
 		Satanism? Awww Booohoooo. Did I hurt feelz with a little Halloween fun?    
 			This faggot put together this diss post; confirmed signs of a trigger faggot!    
 Drumph says Us will build up nuclear arsenal until ,  "come to their senses". Can Anybody Really Be *This* Hopelessly Stupid?       .      israel         
 	Ramana I think Trump always plays many steps ahead and what you think he is doing -he is not 
 		The retard is funding  & thinks  gasses his own people when it's drumph's Isis butt-buddies committing the .   trump is a total   stooge.   .      
 Says the idiotic, traitorous wanna be tin pot dictator.   Awful! Classless Barack Obama Continues Midterm Campaigning    Compares Trump to Tin-pot Dictatorship    
 	Obama is such a clown. 
 		Naw!  Clowns are funny, while this Muzzie Pos is Not!   
 	It's a cop out if Senator Daines doesn't vote. Senate Rule Xxvi allows for him to send a proxy to vote in his place.  "The practice of allowing a senator to cast a vote in committee for an absent senator. Senate Rule Xxvi provides that proxies may not be voted when the absent senator has not been informed of the matter on which he is being recorded and has not requested that he be so recorded." All Senator Daines has to do is declare his vote and inform the Senate that he will be sending a proxy. Senator is well aware of what he is voting on ahead of the vote so his vote can be recorded. 
 	It's a cop out if Senator Daines doesn't vote. Senate Rule Xxvi allows for him to send a proxy to vote in his place.  "The practice of allowing a senator to cast a vote in committee for an absent senator. Senate Rule Xxvi provides that proxies may not be voted when the absent senator has not been informed of the matter on which he is being recorded and has not requested that he be so recorded." All Senator Daines has to do is declare his vote and inform the Senate that he will be sending a proxy. Senator is well aware of what he is voting on ahead of the vote so his vote can be recorded. 
 I like Gab I really do but let's be honest there is some stuff on here that's gayer than shit.    What's some of the gayest shit we see?    Top of my head is any form of meme that has "Standing with Israel" as it's theme 
 	Praising Martin nigger King. Democrats are the real racists. 
 As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you!    
 		How would your Nono feel about you calling me a pasta nigger all the time? I thought you pagans were all about honouring your ancestors. Guess that was just a load of shit like everything else that comes out of a pagans mouth. 
 Isn't there enough porn in this world without infesting This site?   
 	How about this, Cunt  if it bothers you so much, don’t intentionally search for it like you obviously did in order to find this page, all so you could pretend like you’re being exposed to objectional content against your will. You don’t like the content of this group? Good. Stay in your own lane and shut the fuck up. 
 	How about this, Cunt  if it bothers you so much, don’t intentionally search for it like you obviously did in order to find this page, all so you could pretend like you’re being exposed to objectional content against your will. You don’t like the content of this group? Good. Stay in your own lane and shut the fuck up. 
 Only women can end this war  
 	Yep.  Women Can end this war on men If they can extract their brain for long enough from their damn Facebook app.  They are too busy chasing their own damn tails and submitting willingly being brainwashed.  its Time To Wake The Fuck Up. 
 		Not all women.  Stop with the hateful blanket statements. 
 			nigger faggot soy boy. go wank your sister. 
 This is a standard retard response from this moron.  It must suck to be this stupid. I bet she weighs 300 pounds and smells like shit. 
 I feel bad for nigger women. They hate you more than we do. Your mud shark gash means nothing to us; you are drawing away the defective Dna. Is that even a White woman.  The nose is a little hosey  
 ok then I just did blind follow backs for everyone that has followed me. I am not a racist though, so if anyone I followed has racial posts I will unfollow. That has been my only problem on gab so far. 
 	Don't followback. It makes no sense. Most accounts produce very little original content. You end up seeing the same reposts ten times. 
 		How do you see my posts? 
 			The retard is a gab stalker 
 Harvard sends recruitment letters to blacks with Sat scores around 1100.   A Harvard University dean testified that the school has different Sat score standards for prospective students based on factors such as race and sex  but insisted that the practice isn’t discriminatory, as a trial alleging racism against Asian-American applicants began this week.    
 	they are too busy babysitting and pampering nigger crybabies. damnable niggers! they are nothing but a burden and a problem for America! 
 Kavanaugh   No. I thought you were buffoons: 
 	Angry? Of course. But more retarded than angry. 
 Now that's what a hero looks like. 
 	Jews are Nazis who work in tangent with the Swiss Nazi's and Pharaoh Nazi's who control all the Trust Funds in the world.  The whole lot is a group of indoctrinated retarded fuck twits, Nazis Jews and Swissy's included. Fuck what you heard, cause its a crock of shit. 
 Man arrested for doxxing Gop senators was an intern in Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee’s office  
 		Sure she was behind it. 
 		Sure she was behind it. 
 Karma baby!    
 		Abedin is Still with her?  Who was the other woman? Who’s paying for all the security?   
 		Good point, I was shocked as well to know Huma is still head  partner @!   Makes me hit up Dire Straits, Now look at them yo-yo's that's the way you do it  
 		Good point, I was shocked as well to know Huma is still head  partner @!   Makes me hit up Dire Straits, Now look at them yo-yo's that's the way you do it  
 He told his kike Dyke boss, one day he'd burn all the dirty faggots and the kikes and the white supreeemists would rule the world. 
 No that's just the feeling you get for being too deep into all the nordicist shit. Buddy. 
 		 is full of LoLz 
 			Yeah, he later tried to wiggle out from sh*t  by making posts about how he did not say he supports Nato intervention. Does not work though. Nato intervention was against Christian Serbs, he gloated about Danes murdering Serbs , therefore he supports Nato intervention. He is  a retard for real. No spark of a rational  thought. 
 	Gas! 
 No shit retard. You idiot.  "You fucking niggers"? Who are you cop? What up cunt? You drunk or the Fbi hijacked you? That sounds like a cunt cop post. Run your trap after you take stiches w Proud boys or when your pony up for the C-Ville victims.  Learn your place faggot. In the meantime you stink like a cop. Go fuck your mother.  
    Score a big win for the left and the media spouting the Debunked 1 in 4 women are sexually abused propaganda.  Dfc - Dumb Fucking Cunt 
 Well       Did go full retard a long time ago ! 
 Some great photos, although I like video better muted.  Anyone know if that’s the Koln cathedral at 2:28? 
 	 -- Yup. That's the infamous cathedral where all that Muzzie horse crap took place on New Year's Day 2016. To each his own, but the video makes little sense if the audio is muted despite the words to the song taking center stage.   
 	 -- Yup. That's the infamous cathedral where all that Muzzie horse crap took place on New Year's Day 2016. To each his own, but the video makes little sense if the audio is muted despite the words to the song taking center stage.   
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		To presume that Jews believe and act on this Bs is stupid beyond what we (white people) expect from Other white people.< You fucking Dummy sand nigger lover  
 Just a thought.  If Socialism is so good and Capitalism is so bad, then why isn't the Caravan heading to Venezuela! 
 	Infinite Loops For Idiots:  Vote for Socialism   Flee To Capitalism   Vote for Socialism   Flee To Capitalism   Vote for Socialism   Flee To Capitalism   Vote for Socialism   Vote for Socialism   Flee To Capitalism   Vote for Socialism 
 		'cause nigga sniper sittin' in them trees will shoot wetback scum between the eye as soon as they try cross border 
 Says the fucking retard 
 		You're the kind of disturbed psycho that the Fbi wants to track. 
 		I won’t mute a stanky turd like you.  Single digit Iq folks like you are fun to play with 
 		And now you have switch from gay hitlarian speak to yoda.Lol. Further proving the single digit Iq theory 
 		Btw.  I have never met a Single male named Max that wasn’t a dick sucker. 
 Omfg! Yes!    Brace for no deal !   Deadlock deepens as Thereson May pulls plug on talks after  says 'backstop' plan Must hive off Northern Ireland from rest of  - with  warning crashing out is now 'probably inevitable'       is fucking on! 
 	The goofy part is that she got elected as some sorta conservative, even though her resume was chuck full of Sjw crap, and has proven to be just another of many idiotic leftist twat negotiators who don't give a crap about their country 
 What little credibility the Uk had left just went out the window.  Wtf, jazz hands.Omg. 
 	Uk is a cucked faggot society! They deserve every rape,bombing,and stabbing they get. Unfortunately there are no more men in that garbage island of a country that are willing to stand up and take back what Was there's. Uk is the new Sweden.  
 	And yet another  -  
 		Run and hide then, faggot 
 So, is  a thing yet? 
 	Is this twat for real? Her ilk are the most hateful twats in the country. 
 	Is this twat for real? Her ilk are the most hateful twats in the country. 
 Taylor Swift Headlined American Music Awards Ratings Crash to All-Time Low  via  
 	Fuck that cunt whore. 
                   
 		Faggit 
 the left's new favorite N-word is Nigger Nazi 
 And it's Sunday night, but I can see you spent the whole weekend on the internet like a real Alpha, Soy Gibson. You faggot Leftists think that you're winning because you're boring? Pathetic. 
 To be honest, these clowns are seriously lacking in Talent. They never research their marks, and their vocabulary skills as well as their reading comprehension is that about a second grade level. 
 	To be honest. Ed has asked for help and reassurance not much of a coincidence. Ego has been damaged. No one is interested in his Post's. You Needed that Gab Shot Son  
 		Your hypocrisy is stunning. Jesus Christ! you will win no fame trying to troll me. You'll win no merit and people will not visit your page. Good luck with that. 
 			Does John use a woman in his avi because that's the only way he can get followers?  
 				Only Fucking retarded spastic is you. You asked Was that English. Then quoted my post word for word. You must be  a down syndrome person?  
 		My post made perfect sense, kike nigger anus. And again, you bring up sexual perversion like a typical Kike. 
 Fuck you boy. Did you take time on lunch break from the cock farm to post me? Im a "deuce bag" remember you cumstick. Fuckin retard with a lisp. 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 	 
 		What a croc of Crap!   Jesus was against the religious 'satanic' spirit behind the Jewish Religious Leaders.Not The Jewish People!   * Way off track.sorry! 
 				Hahaha.We are not Jewish! But we support the Nation of Israel!   
 					What a fucking faggot shill. With goys like this, no wonder (((they))) win. Sad! 
 	Jesus was a jewish. 
 		He was a Jewish? Lol! Yes.a nigger Jew to be precise 
 The Slimy Limey Attempts more Bullshit.    
 The Slimy Limey Attempts more Bullshit.    
 Afghan Asylum Seeker Who Stabbed Three in Germany Has 'Psychiatric Illness', May Be Found Not Culpable | Breitbart  
 	Asylum seekers with diseases Make them a sandwich or you’re a cunt Piss on a burkha today Lovely Scottish lad 
 		I Agree! Fuck the nigger cRAP nonMusic! 
 	What's "justice" matter when there's Democrat votes to be had! 
 	What's "justice" matter when there's Democrat votes to be had! 
  
 	President Trump Say's? Say'S?   What kind of retarded newspaper is this?  
 	Here come the Orcs. 
 Question: How to own a blue check mark on Twitter? Answer: Become a fairy gay faggot like Jack Dorsey. 
  
 	Roflmfao You Ugly Yetti Skank With Ash And Warts    Throw The Cunt A Bone    Get Back On YouR Crack Corner    And A Yetti Doesn'T Look Good In A Dress 
 	Come again! 
 		Indeed -- I have seen at least one case of this, of someone claiming to be folkish stating that "all christians get the bullet" or the like.   I'm sure if you just search for "get the bullet" or "christians get the bullet" you'll find it.      Obviously due to the nature of what we are doing, this sort of thing Can come from infiltrators rather than serious people; which is why I don't use these instances to paint with a broad brush.    What *has* shocked me when I have seen such statements is a lack of condemnation of them.   But that could be because a lot of people mute such maniacs and so never see what they say. 
 			1. How many followers did this account have?   2. how old is said account  3. Name said account. 
 				Naturally!    is the account.   Routinely makes such statements.  Active in pagan topics.   Over 400 followers, Pro account, established in Sept 2016.    I hope you didn't ask me for this because you thought I was making it up? 
 					I think Ricotta just has a sense of humour.their joking aside I tend to agree with most underlying points in the posts they make.  There is simply no room for alien ideologies like Abrahamism in a new healthy & authentically European order.   Within the post-Christian Western Nations advocacy for the re-implementation of christian rule, ideology & moral ideals is nothing short of subverting the Nation.this isn't about picking on Christians, it's about pro-white people that rightfully view this ideology as inherently / fundamentally anti-white (or non European in origin). "Christian apologists get the bullet too" is this fundamental difference drawn to its extreme conclusion.  In other words, they will always view it as a destructive anti European force.  Of course you will strongly disagree with this, but an increasing number of people feel this way.it is an incompatibility in ideology that won't simply fade away with time. 
 							They're only a problem when they have the power to murder us over our ethnic faiths and rejection of a Jew.  Christians tried to forcibly convert, murder and stamp out these faiths across Europe.destroying our cultures and traditions in the process, whilst adopting, warping and mutating other aspects.  Clearly I'm not advocating going back in time and murdering all Christians.but yes.we should have been fortunate enough to murder every last subversive and backwards Christian spreading this virus across Europe.  There is no problem with this reasoning.you're just claiming that because at one point the majority of people were christian therefore we can never oppose Christianity in any real way, otherwise we are destroying ourselves! .that is faulty thinking.mostly because you proceed to point out how Christians are now a minority. wouldn't it then make sense to deal with this problem in its infancy?  Communists should get the bullet.and that won't change even if they manage to become 99% of my society. (someone then telling me my strong opposition to communist advocacy is detrimental to the survival of humanity isn't very convincing.agree with the fleeting majority or the species will die)  I would also advocate physically opposing people that are trying to implement their favourite politician as a King in 2018. does this mean I want to murder all Europeans because most European Nations had Kings in the past? no.  Your reply is dishonest & a cheap emotional plea. 
 								I am not trying to be dishonest or emotional.       Let me try another approach to this.       I am assuming you would agree that Jews control all major media.  Correct?    What is the one and only religion attacked and derided without penalty by Jewish Controlled media?   Is it Judaism? Islam? Hinduism?  Dianic Feminist Wicca?  Druidry?  No -- it is Christianity.    When Christian prayers were removed from schools, who funded that?  Jews.  When Christian displays are removed from public places, who funds that litigation?  Jews.   Who planned and executed the subversion of the Vatican resulting in Vatican 2?  Jews.  Who planned and executed the systematic subversion of numerous Christian theological schools?  Jews.  Who wrote and propagated the poisonous Schofield Bible propagating so-called Christian Zionism?  A Jew.      Whether or not Christianity is objectively good or bad for European peoples is something that can be reasonably debated.       But what cannot be debated is that when you take a specifically anti-Christian stance (as opposed to a pro-pagan one) you are absolutely joining forces with Jews to achieve what is also a Jewish objective.    Too damned bad you can't cooperate with woke Christians against organized Jewish interests, huh?    And yet one more tack:  According to McNallen who is in a position to know, there are only about 20k pagans in the entire Us.   Meanwhile, fully 3,000,000 Americans are leaving Christianity every year.  But they aren't becoming pagans.    The default being pushed by the globalist now is a rational materialistic atheism.   This is the philosophy that Currently is preferred by the globalists.   It is every bit as dangerous and damaging as you believe Christianity to be, as the number of Aryans dying with needles stuck in their arms will attest.    Attacking Christianity does Not get you new pagans.  If you successfully destroy someone's Christian faith, you are more likely to get an atheistic materialist.    Imho your efforts are Far better spent on making community infrastructure and other things pagans need in order to offer a sense of community and structure for families so people have an alternative, when they leave churches, to falling into something even worse.       Finally, most people forever have always been sheep.   "Christians" are not to blame for what the kings and emperors etc force them to do.  Just like in Wwii when my great uncle was drafted -- he participated because if he didn't he would have been penalized.   Conversions by the sword were not really for Christianity -- they were about conquest and Christianity was used as the excuse.       Today, liberalism does the exact same things -- punishes people for heresy and the like.   It's not about religion, or the religion of the common people.   It's about control.        If you think its okay to join the Jews in attacking white Christian brothers so they will become rational atheistic materialists, that's just fine.       But Imho your efforts are better spent in finding ways to rescue our Folk from that rational atheistic materialist abyss. 
 																did you say your mother was nigger ,i knew it you act like a monkey bitch,and next time you threaten  me you better follow threw Nigger kike pig fucking swine jew 
 The Tommy Robinson with army the evil cunt the mod have only made all those with Tommy to leave the army what total load cunt s the mod is royal nazie cunt s that are not the normal army the real English people  the people that  one is has the population that won the second world war s not the royal army nazie insider Rothschild funded cunt s 
 Why on earth do Western governments allow their own civilised Western culture to be destroyed and end up a retarded savage society. Centuries from now archeologists will find the remains and ruins of a once modern intelligent Western civilisation.  
 There was no application fee to apply for Daca status.  So who picked up the $317 million tab? Legal immigrants.  To add insult to injury, these legal immigrants also had to wait longer for their applications, since the Daca recipients jumped them in line.    
 	Thanks to Nigger Moslem and his (j)pop sycophants.  
 					If(speech.narrative_compatible() !=false{  printf("Your'e gay") 
 							I bet you are going to repeat this, every time someone disagrees with you.  Oh i didn't need to bet.  it is all you have been doing for a year. 
 												Lol, the homosexual white supremacist is being homosexual. 
 sounds like the nigger in planet of the apes.  
    Welcome Tommy Hillbilly to Gab. 
    Welcome Tommy Hillbilly to Gab. 
 Shut up Cunt ! 
 Inbred whiggers are best when yapping on the Internuts.   Mattoid Parrott did nothing good advancing a mamzerkike ZOGbot tard like Mattoid Chaimbach. Mattoid Parrot's reward for such stupidity was to make its stupidity made manifest to all via Trailer-park-Gate where he was revelaed as Biggest Whigger Cuck of the Year.  
 Gotcha. You want two gay nigger siblings to act out an interracial-incestuous-rape fantasy with you. This is typical of most white nationalists. Sad little fags. 
 Jim Sterling can into full retard 
  
 		dumb cunt 
 You can clearly see where Spartacus gets his pay checks from. 
 	Every faggot white boy I've seen who dresses like that is a junkie  
 	Even the ancient Greeks and Romans knew the earth was round you nincompoop not every single conspiracy theory is real 
 		Mindless attacks are typical for someone intellectually incapable of debate and look at facts.  Whats next, believing the holohoax of the Jews?  I don't believe in the conspiracy theory that the earth is round, I believe in the Truth that it has a certain flatness by Facts.  I haven't completely come to a conclusion on everything, but what I know is Nasa is a complete fraud.  All common knowedge is bullshit! 
 				Another mindless character assassination.  You can't figure out that science is a lie?  Obviously you like to let someone else do your thinking for you since you cannot think for yourself.  When you can't debate, character assassinate! 
 					Proof that earth is round: Photographs, livestreams, numerous people who've seen it with their own eyes, easily observed curvature phenomenon, sunrise/sunset lensing, star movements, gravity variations, seismographs   Proof that earth is flat: Some paranoid guy insisting it's all a lie with nothing but flawed logic and speculation 
 						Ah yes, no debate but character assassination.  Since you can't actually debate, how many more character assassinations would you like to show me?  You certainly are fond of other people thinking for you thats for sure!  FACTs are troublesome but those authority figures sure are ones to trust when have no crtitical thinking abilities yourself. Is your motto, "I let others think for me" 
 							People who say the earth is round: Aristotle, Thales, Ptolemy, Galileo Galilei, Adolf Hitler, Nicolaus Copernicus, Stephen Hawking, Edwin Hubble, Christopher Columbus   People who say the earth is flat: 21st century sufferers of paranoid delusions with no proof outside of blatant denial and illogical theories 
 								Once the authority figures are doing your thinking for you, and then you character assassinate.  Same as you have done before.  You give no facts and believe citing public figures as somehow worthwhile.  Why don't you give me some of your own analysis on why the earth is round?  Oh, you can't because all you can do is post  what somone else has done.  You will not provide any Facts! 
 								Ignore the Flat Earthers. They are there to distract you. The vampire squid has many tentacles and it is best to keep after its head. 
 								Ignore the Flat Earthers. They are there to distract you. The vampire squid has many tentacles and it is best to keep after its head. 
  
 	throw some hand grenades at this faggot assholes 
 	Be more peecise. He said "Nig-ro who doesnt read".  He stopped a few letters short of calling him a nigger on Cnn while Lemonhead and friends laughed. 
 The Us Military is not equipped or trained to be border guards. 
 	Guarding a border is an impossible task for a military that regularly topples foreign govts, occupies foreign lands while guarding borders they define on a whim, all at a moments notice? Sounds like same retarded  shit preventing border wall construction to commence. Its probably high time for the tree of liberty to be refreshed. Enough is enough  
 		Why Are People So Mean (ಥಥ) 
 		Why Are People So Mean (ಥಥ) 
  
 		15 minutes was already too long.  
 		15 minutes was already too long.  
 I will no longer be working for Gab and serving as Gab’s Cto. The attacks from the American press have been relentless for two years now and have taken a toll on me personally. I wish Gab nothing but the best and will do everything I can to help them transition to a new Cto. 
 	Cuck faggot 
 	That is incorrect. Please do more research 
 		Everything in this paragraph I shared is correct. Nazism is socialist and is evil. You need to do research. 
 			  Ive done so much research though.   But i doubt you will even watch it. It is afterall easier to call something evil and walk on than to think and appreciate the truth.    No offence but your response was sooo Npc. 
 				If you don't recognize Nazism as being evil, you are literally a retard. 
 					   Evil is not subjective. Evil is very objective. And Nazis are objectively evil. 
 								Yea i mean if the media tells you something it must be true Lol.   As a side note to all this how is your day going? 
 								You want me to ignore the facts and listen to jewish lies. You regard facts as subjective. They are not. You are objectively wrong. jews are objectively evil. what a empty argument -.- 
 Here is a Pos Winner that Needs a Shallow grave    Trial starts for man accused of shooting pizza shop employee.  
 	That nigger looks like a real winner. 
  
 	Too bad it wasn't one of those retarded Tramp Stamps so his name would be more or less branded into her ass. 
 You enjoy your spot on the google and apple app stores, nigger lover. 
 There's trash talk from various sources that Gab is a White Supremacist website. Has anyone noticed anything close to a racist (white) undertow? It's my assumption that the slander is nothing more than the big tech Giants protecting their mental cesepool 
 	It is. Faggot 
 Was today worse than the time you took that swift boat up the river to kill Col. Kurtz? 
 	Bluementhal sounds like some kinda now banned mint tasting cigarette. Cigarettes like democrats cause cancer needs banning.Grr man up ya twat it ain't Nam.  
 Has any movement in history been infiltrated and completely taken over by the Republican Party faster than the "alt-right"? It was like a toddler versus that thing from the movie Alien. Lol. 
 	It's quite surprising how dumb the rhetoric is. As bad as Gwb era. And I thought that was as retarded as it gets. 
 		  I have no idea what is wrong with people who allow their bigoted biases to interfere with facts. These people are supposedly superior intellectually, yet they run around frothing at the moth in fear of those they should be able to dominate. You would think they wouldn't even think about them. 
 			1. I'm White, not Black 2. There seem to be many White Supremacists trapped in the closet who love to project their homosexuality onto those who threaten them. Are you one of these individuals?    
 							I guess you forgot to read the preamble of the Declaration where the Founding Fathers claimed All Men Are Created Equal. The only person who can fix your stupid stares back at you from the mirror.   Btw I wasn't the one who messaged you, nor was I the one triggered by your statements; seek therapy to help you deal with your insecurity that fears differing colors. 
 								you forgot to read the part in the preamble where it says "for our posterity"   like all enlightenment thinkers, their stuff only makes sense when you realize they were speaking of a universality between white men. and even then there was hierarchy, as we saw with the whiskey rebellion.   either way, it certainly didn't extend to their farm equipment. 
 											I suggest you get back to me after you actually research what the Founders believed. Stop listening to the revisionist lies of redneck inbred White Supremacists.   
 	Banned Contest Challenge on Normies. New Viral Meme. Funny. Relevant. Here is one I made on Will Smith Pre-Kanye West Trump in Men In Black (Mib). Here are some videos, pictures, links. Npc. Bots. Robots. Win money here.    
 	Banned Contest Challenge on Normies. New Viral Meme. Funny. Relevant. Here is one I made on Will Smith Pre-Kanye West Trump in Men In Black (Mib). Here are some videos, pictures, links. Npc. Bots. Robots. Win money here.    
  
 	And faggot/dyke marriages, faggot/dyke adoptions, Affirmative action unions, obamaacare, mass invasions, the Clintons, Soros Blm, nigger rights, muslim rights. Its a gret day to be White. 
 Lol, look at this faggot with his "leave the adults alone" bit while he wasn't able to actually make an argument.  What a homo. 
 They must be kidding, right?  
 	This is from 10/08/2018, but no less applicable today.  What about all the non-white Trump supporters - I guess we don't exist.  And is this Grenell cunt white? What an insulting twat - I hope intelligent women read her drivel and got pissed off enough to .   Identity Politics = Ignorance. 
 It'S Simple 
 	But if we kill the Jews first , then we can ; by example ; the worthy races can enlighten the nigger to become the Negro Man, just as nietzche had theorized about her ubermensch . The nigger is the orc, violent and stupid, but with structure, he can become an equal among the renown.even the German at one time was considered lesser then by those Noble Roman 
 Lgbtq For Trump 
 	There is a band wagon and a faggot wagon.  
 His mum got a pic of his with Cunt written behind him.A little bird told me  
 	Tommy is not "any British citizen " in this context .In this context he is a politician duping "our lads " into an unwise act for his own advantage . 
 		I may be a cunt ,that is not for me to say .But stirring shit ?I have a right to express an opinion on this site .As does anyone else . 
 >I'm a 56% burger I live in Europe ( central Europe, to be precise ) and what is your mental masturbation about Europe is derived by mostly retarded Anglo-Saxon's assumption. Europe was never an muh nordic race central, though we all have their genes (r1-a, r1-b Aryans to be precise), D&C jews aided garbage, also.   Etruscans ( Wops ), ~3000 years ago: 
 Moslems took over Spain in early 8 century, during peak days of Christian deadly grip over Europe, commonly known as Dark Ages.   Spain remained moslem occupied 800 years.   And Christians, instead of liberating Spain from Arab/ nigger moslem occupation, went on  genocidal slaughter of  Whites all over Europe.    You are so dumb and ignorant , it's pathetic 
  
 	C-130 gunship. Squatamalen enchiladas. with Spic sauce !  
  
 	Enjoy that muzzie takeover of your shithole country.lol 
 Rt LisaMei62    Corey Booker is the latest "faux bomb" target! Does anyone really believe a right-winger gives a damn about Corey Booker?   
 	No one cares about that cock eyed kneegrow faggot 
 Cory Booker Says It Doesn’t Matter If Judge Kavanaugh Is ‘Innocent Or Guilty’      
 	Nigger 
 The best thing about the Npc meme is that it doesn't just mock the left but also the Retard Right too. 
 The best thing about the Npc meme is that it doesn't just mock the left but also the Retard Right too. 
 They want to kill you or take away your freedom and they don’t care what they have to do or say to achieve it.    The propaganda is escalating and that middle class lifestyle you thought you would preserve by keeping your head down, yeah they’re coming for that too. Because it doesn’t matter if you speak up, it only matters that you are white. 
 	Three . Fuckin . Days?  Jesus Nigger H. Christ 
 Race Pimp Nigger Michael Eric Dyson: Kanye West ‘White Supremacy by Ventriloquism’    
 I reported that account. Retard has been posting tranny porn to a list of users but fucked up and posted it under that account which was around a while and had a lot of points. Then 5 more were posting to a list and I reported all those and they were quickly banned. These accounts were also posting threats then reporting them. Faggots 
 Hairstylist seen in video kicking pro-life demonstrator loses job, may face charges    
 	coward faggot 
 fucking nigger rabbis. that's all the world needs. 
 Kanye West donates $73K to Chicago mayoral candidate   Before you freak out, 1) No Republican will ever get elected mayor of Chitown. 2) This is the very same pattern of Trump, supporting both sides in Nyc for influence. 3) This is Kanye proving "hood cred" 
 	Praising The Deadbeat Racial Agitators Who Worked For Daley To Own The Libs   Stupid nigger lovers. 
 He Put His Boot Not Only On THe Neck Of THe People 
 		Don't forget the chicken wing bones and watermelon rinds they left behind as well. 
 		Don't forget the chicken wing bones and watermelon rinds they left behind as well. 
 every single thing coming out of msm is designed to sabotage your life, fuck up your family, disgrace your ancestors, ruin your pride, riddle you with self doubt and stop your genetic lineage from being a threat to elite globalist-marxist power.   media is in the hands of people who hate you beyond your capacity to understand. 
 	And advertising. Almost every commercial (seemingly) has a nigger dude with a hot white chick (as if that’s normal).  
 I've just watched Jf's latest "Public Space" interview with Richard Spencer and all I have to say is that  Matt Parrott and I were ironically doing Depeche Mode karaoke a long time ago and that it's my belief Spencer is copying our forward thinking antics. 
 	I confess that I was too redneck to know who Depeche Mode was until I just Googled it. And I cannot break dance either. I not cool. Single tear. I must no go listen to Toby's "Should've Been A Cowboy" on my own.  
 		  
 		I just watched the clip, and now see that I stepped into a joke by my lack of knowledge of 90s pop music. 
 		As long as you don't insult Hanson, we'll be ok.  
 		As long as you don't insult Hanson, we'll be ok.  
 Hello, yes, Fbi? I would like you to investigate a high school party from nearly 4 decades ago. This is 100% super serious. 
 	Kris Khardashian seems to think it's important!  
 		That's because she's an airhead cunt with a bunch of even dumber coalburning daughters. 
 			Sorry, I've never told anyone e not to vote. Do yeah, you're a great bullshit artist 
 						Btw - you're facade is slipping, and the Bolshy Jew is showing through. 
 								No shit. If u were actually talking rather than pushing a commie agenda, u'd acknowledge I & the people do recognize the failings of the Gop & don't trust it. But it was your retarded & unhinged language starting to show I was referring to. Fuck off now little commie. I'm not being paid for this & I'm not wasting any more time on u. Go play with a scorpion or something. 
 											After you, nigger. 
 Cunt 
 Vote John Lewis Out! 
 		Sorry.lol 
 		He looks like he's already been drug behind the pickup truck!lol 
 		He looks like he's already been drug behind the pickup truck!lol 
 It is verifiable And considering that Obozo, the Muzzie idiot is no longer around, it's more true than anything!   
  
 	100% Nigger Tv !   Nope ! 
 I agree!  The filthy askeNazi Jews who created the Democrat Kkk are all left wing Retarded Trolls!  Nazi Jews created the Kkk are all Racist Pigs! They are in control of the human sewage Democrats and of course Nazi Jews did slavery in America, not western Europeans!  It is always the Nazi jews who do all the disgusting things in the world like all wars and genocides!  Jews are human sewage! 
 Around bowling balls & blacks, don't relax.   
 	We shouldn't have to be around these animals. Segregation now! 
 		 Now, now. Black people are people too. They would probably be better off if segregation never existed. 
 			I beg to differ. 
 				The nigger is a sub-human species Its not even close to the humanity of a White. 
 faggot nigger 
 faggot 
 Georgia has our friends in Atlanta Antifascists who have mostly spent the last two years doxing and harassing Alt-Right activists in Metro Atlanta including feeding info to Christopher Mathias of Huff Post 
 	Atlanta is nigger city 
 Run Kanye Massa is gonna release his house nigger dogs after yo' ass   Vote Red Wave Baby   
 Welcome to San Francisco. This is Folsom Street yesterday (9/30/18). This is the California Senators Feinstein and Harris are working so hard to protect. 
 		No, the idiots think because they're attending the Folsom Street Fair, that laws must somehow be suspended. I would have loved to see the Police arrest their asses. 
 		s.francisco police arrest them? funny-funny! 
 		s.francisco police arrest them? funny-funny! 
 This is the kind of crap we hope that Kavanaugh’s presence on the court will correct   
 	Get rid every fucking raghead now.  
 Much more than enough for a moron. Fuck off & die. 
 	Muslim children are even more difficult than the crack-cheese they were grown from. 
 		Awwhh David, do you have one of those crumpled shaky retard hands.never mind. 
 Kavanaugh   This is a scary time for young men.    Pres. Trump   He’s right. : You’re our only hope.    
 	We wait till all the muzzie men are in Europe, then we go over to Iraq and Syria. They won't be wearing veils anymore since no one will be there to cut their arms off and, Boom - pick of the litter. Political Asylum Visas and its just a long weekend. Tour Group Rates. Whose's In?  
 	>affirmative action is just   Just kill yourself fam 
 		I didn't say that I supported affirmative action.  That's preferential treatment.  Not meritocracy and not equality. 
 			you're still cucksquad numero uno for supporting a judaeo-marxist coup on the apartheid american south. 
 				How did I support that? 
 					"I'm for treating African descended people, who didn't come here of their own free will, with equal dignity and respect as citizens. In that respect, the civil rights movement was timely and just." 
 						Right, well considering they aren't going anywhere, what would you do.     Realistically?     I didn't bring them here, neither did they bring themselves here. 
 							Realistically their answer is generally deportation/segregation or "getting rid of them somehow". That is what you are arguing with 
 								This is why I always lose this argument. 
 											This is how it's gonna be everywhere if we don't crush leftism like yesterday 
 I wonder how Kathy is feeling right now about donating $2500 bucks to Potus' legal fund? 
 	From one stupid cunt to the other. 
 Bono wants Africa and the Eu to join forces against Trump and the Us and take over the world   [Bono-Motherfucker Is A Traitor. He Is THe King Of THe Mongreloids. Any Fan Of HIs=Enemy Of Mine]    
 	Bono blew one to many nigger to still have a full deck.  
 Hillary Clinton’s black van crashed in a parking garage arriving for a Democratic fundraiser  Report:    
 	Wow.  Be black. Be a cunt. Be a non twat white. Be an illegal spic immigrant. Own America. 
 Charity Fraud 
 	I never did trust that Bozo. Nigger lover,  White people hater! 
 I’m 49 when we fought people died for their flag not just in on the streets in their homes at work places, we know in Northern Ireland how when this starts there’s no going back I’ve seen people lose their lives for their flag. The mainland U.K. is infected with leftists and liberals and a couple of percent Muslim. Brexit is our goal atm. 
 	As an American observer of the Uk.I see Scotland breaking away first.and then the inevitable united Ireland.The Uk will only be of England and Wales 
 		Yea yea yea you ever been here? What they gonna do with 1 million Protestant unionists and the Roi can’t afford us same goes for Scotland. Pipe dreams I live near the border and it’s being blown out of all proportion ffs 
 			We have a plant in Ni.I visit there often 
 				Well you’re not visiting the right places then, if you think the Roi can afford to take on nearly 2 million extra people as well as the strive there would be you’re safer just concentrating on your own problems. 
 					I'm aware it costs London 11 billion yearly to keep you going.so Ni contributes nothing 
 						We contribute plenty you cunt both in war and peace go read a history book you nazi fuckwit. 
  
 	 
 		He/she/it is a cunt 
  Panicking!   Sends letter to Fbi's Christopher Wray   Asks for  investigation details, a copy of the Written Directive sent to the White House, & to be notified of anything else they might be investigating   We always hear "we can't discuss an ongoing investigation"   She'S Literally Asking Them What They Will Be Investigating! Lol!    
 	Sounds just like Kameltoe Harris! She Always wants letters and policy books! What I want is them to get ahold of her staff separately and give them the treatment like they do everyone else and see who spills the beans! Those two dyke looking broads behind her know! 
 I'm impressed you can type and suck Jack's dick at the same time. Are you a naturally talented faggot . or did you practice? 
 How is being a straight white male in the same category as being a slave owner?     
 	id rather be a slave owning straight white man than a slave owning faggot of colour! 
 Dem Sen. Cardin: We Should Be Helping the Caravan | Breitbart    
 	These are the retarded fucks people keep voting in 
 			Qualify your remarks. 
 			 
 				Buying things is white supremacy 
 					No, but buying forclosed properties to store imported nation wreckers should be treason. 
 					You're really reaching for narrative when none exists. 
 					Virtually every 401k is investing in bullshit you would never support. But where are the alternative options on platforms that employers support? Investing in properties, using shell companies to shield liability, dumping them on management companies is standard. Sadly you have very little say when it comes to who moves in unless it is owner-occupied. 
 					I watch Tucker, but hannitys audience is dying irl every day, bc they're old.  If we offer no alternative we're just letting our numbers pile up on the rocks. 
 					Charlie will take over before Willie. 
 					Charlie will take over before Willie. 
 Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!  7:23 pm - 3 Oct 2018 
 	Meanwhile his justice department is going after his supporters, antifa is rioting in the streets every weekend. Infinity H1B's, and ever encroaching censorship. This is not winning, this is a fucking screw job 
 		I only see an insecure little twat who complains about everything and probably has nefarious means for doing so. 
 And this sheeit really, she's not even in the Senate! She's in the house. Wtf she doing there greating feinstein Jew lawyers in her sick fucking North Beach cabal? 
 			The Affirmative Action sheboon cunt doesn't know the difference between Mars and the Moon:  
 too many guardian articles are like this 
 	White toxic masculinity translated means genocide all straight white males 
 		Hey Jessica Smalls, you can come take all my seamen, I have flotillas full of em, come right on over honey and get to work, I got plenty of work for ya. Or you can shut your snout up and learn something worthwhile in life and stop being an annoying cunt for a few minutes. 
  
 		Tweed is siegepilled 
 		Tweed is siegepilled 
 	Well that's good , we have people that specializes in helping the retarded 
 Cesar Sayoc during his days as a "stripper."   Sayoc was found homeless, living in a van in "Broward County" when arrested for the so-called "mail bombs."   Broward County is the same location as the "Parkland School shooting."   These false flags are getting more and more pathetic!    
 	.  that's terrible!  Of course he was "homeless in Broward" in a sparkly new van plastered in Trump.  In Scott Israel's jurisdiction. Of course!   This is beyond retard level 8.  
 Wow, Gab's last day. It has finally come. You all fucked up big time. ;D                         #Q 
 	Here's a gift for you. A little reminder. It's only going to get worse for you, cupcake.  Is Your President, and the  will Crush you little . Just keep reading this, and remembering. Won't be long now!   #Q    
 			hahaahhahhhahahhahahhahhahhaaaahhhaahahhahhahhahhhhah 
 			hahaahhahhhahahhahahhahhahhaaaahhhaahahhahhahhahhhhah 
 A nigger called Derek G Haslam now hiding in Downham Market framed  animal welfare activists. His pal is porn star and mudshark Alice Brooks of Chesterffeld and a nig nog known as Sameed Damji of SW19. Oh Samweed made death threats to Tommy Robinson's family. 
 Yes! Probably because their missus would be rather pissed off if they raped their own kids. White unbelievers, especially females are seen as the lowest of the low. They pick vulnerable girls in care homes. That's why it's gone on for decades with Social Services, Police, County Councillors turning a blind eye and even been complicit in some cases it seems. 
 	Not just white kids but also young girls from Sikh & Hindi communities are targeted by rape gangs. Yes many girls targeted have troublesome backgrounds many seeking love, understanding & attention. The lure of boys with cash & flash cars, drugs & drink sucks them in to become sex toys for 100's of older Muslim  men 
 		Yeah. Had some oddball from the Us telling me All Asians have child rape gangs in Britain lol 
 				Can confirm. 
 				I don't Eric. I'm pointing out the the Media here do to hide Islamics behind it. 
 				I don't Eric. I'm pointing out the the Media here do to hide Islamics behind it. 
 2/ Let's get one thing straight first: I think Trump is doing a very good job as Potus.  But let's also get one thing straight: that's not because he's a genius.  All he's been doing is Un-doing what Obama did, which any retard could do and would lead to similarly predictable results.  Now, many (like Jeb or Kasich) wouldn't have, so I give him that. 
 Refugee who used her own family's passports to smuggle two asylum seekers into Uk illegally is spared jail because judge thought her motive was 'humanitarian'    
 	The Uk sure has some retarded judges 
 Pagans are subversive    they care more about pretending to be Harry Potter than whites 
 				I have not seen anyone hold Carolyn as the leader of anything. She speaks for herself. Unlike jew worshipers we can agree with one another on some things and disagree with others. You low Iq psychopaths spend more time screeching about who is the Real church of christ, and every one of you disagrees with what the other says. 
 						Sounds to me like a bunch of autistic projection on your part. Anyone that pays attention to my posts know that I back everything up with sources and logic and reason. Now get some tissues and quit fucking whining and playing the victim card. 
 						Galatians 3:28   Explain to me how we are not all one in Christ. Then explain how you don’t have to love the forgiven Jew. 
 						Interesting. What pagans did you know that made them so much more authentic than us?  
 							They didn’t attack Christians, men, and the alt right  
 							that’s half true. I’ve been in the Wn game for a while and Christians didn’t used to attack pagans in the far right. It wasn’t until the adolescent trad Catholics came around that such things started happening. Wn also never cared much for the Catholics a while back.  
 							From my perspective, Christians pretty much keep silent in this movement. It’s the pagans that appeared to be piggybacking on the alt right to convert more to their religion. This shows that they care more about their religion and they do white people. That is fucking disrespectful 
 							From my perspective, Christians pretty much keep silent in this movement. It’s the pagans that appeared to be piggybacking on the alt right to convert more to their religion. This shows that they care more about their religion and they do white people. That is fucking disrespectful 
 There are only a select few retarded sheep that take this scag accuser seriously. 
 Gab could be really something different.   But it isn't.   Just sayin', The politics is the same, the porn isn't as good and the music and art are just not even here yet. The spiritual department is politically driven to the tune of the rest of the site.    I think it has a reputation of being to Conservative, because it fucking is. 
 	Conservative as in not Wild and Exciting, Not as in Poliitcally  
 		My feed now after days of really trying is a conglomeration of anime cat people, retarded political views, religious discussions by fundamentalists, and a bunch of women showing loose vagina? What the literal fuck is going on here? 
 You sick cunt 
 	Hey jew@jew  don't think shit dick. Just keep sucking it like you're hungry.   Jew, when you can name a bone in your body that does not contain the Lie Dna of a Jew then we can measure the level of your excitement.   Until then use your zio-monster dino bone and see if you can T-hex a bitch with a witching stick. Jew don't poison the water again. No more tips. 
 God I hate retarded people  
 The good news: we're no longer Russian bots   The bad news: we're now information terrorists. Except for  he's apparently a little of both   How do we know? A woman who is a self proclaimed expert on information warfare says so    
 	Did someone actually pay that stupid cunt to write this? 
 Can I fetch anyone a Midol? 
 	 Muzzle that Muzzie bitch.  
 $30 million plus burned on the dumpster fire known as Beto: 
 	I can't wait to vote against that faggot Beto. 
 100%       #Heathens  
 	Hellenic and Romans? Lol! Are you kidding me! Greeks and Italians are part of the "White" Origins! You people are blinded. Get back to LARPing in the woods and leave the heavy lifting to those with brains. 
 		Funny you say sand nigger when referring to Jews.say that shit to a Muslim you weak kneed coward. Getting my point yet! Women and children raped and killed by Muslims and you're on here bitching and whining about make believe Jooz! Get your shit straight you drooling moron. 
 I hate censorship.   Hate it.   I dropped the Nsfw in the name, because their filtering bullshit is as gay as a faggot gargling fresh jizzed nutjuice.    Since there are so many LeeLee's already here, I'll stick with Impresaria. 
     Now doubt the Uk authorities will order thr stoning of the rape victim since she failed to produce 4 adult, male, moslem witnesses.   
 		I am glad I travelled and saw the world when I was younger. it could become a serious concern, future tourists could be jailed for wrong-think on forced examination of their digital records when crossing borders. Usa & Nz already present some potential for this. 
 		yes, but a quick search on youtube of "uk police visit man over hurty word tweet" will help to allay any fears that they actually are intimidating us. 
 		I concur. Passing through immigration into the Uk, I was coming up the queue to the Immigration Officer. There were three of them. Two standing behind the seated one. Quietly discussing with one another. When it was my turn, with my Us passport open in front of him, showing my legal name, I was addressed by my Writer'S Name. "What is the purpose of your visit, Mr Meyrick?"  I don't know if that was an accidental slip, a deliberate one, a threat, or a warning.   
 		(chuckles dryly) 
 		absolutely.  
 		absolutely.  
 what Is illegal these days? ( outside of being white)  can I identify as a wetback and go down there and start killing given laws don't apply to low Iq 3rd worlders?   
 Straight-A Student, 21, kidnapped, raped and murdered by South African gang    
 	If I could push a button and instantly kill every last fucking nigger on Earth in the most violent possible way, I would do it without hesitation. I'm so god damn sick of seeing stories like this. 
 Just a legality so that a wife couldn't ruin her husband's estate.  
 	women are destroying the West as they help flood us with 3rd worlders with open borders who treat Their Women like shit  white men have been good to us  when we knew our role, we were stronger as a nation, our kids weren't fucked up, we were safer   women trying to be men has failed   our men are weakened by ranting bitches who want to flood us with foreign men who Will Kill Us 
 		Lmao white women have been voting reliably republican for decades and support Trump & Kavanaugh by healthy margins. If only white women could vote Trump still would have won the election, pic related. There's a ton of room for improvement don't get me wrong but stop buying into mgtow propaganda and hating yourselves, you're not irredemable hellspawn. 
 			White women voted for Obama.   Just barely over half of white women voted for Trump.   They and all women are very much to blame for this.   Their suffering will be justified. 
 						Lol ok faggot 
 "I gotst the dollars and this is my lambo" I hate the goofy retard music too.  
     Trump Threatens Military Force on Us-Mx Border 
 	around 4:40 robo nigger blames the formation of those gangs in those countries because they were deported?   Apparently the npc doesn't even understand what they are talking about, just making the right mouth noises  
 I agree 100%. I just think it does not matter whether this girl was anti apartheid or not. She was a victim of a horrible, unforgivable crime, whatever her politics. And  nigger monsters would not care anyway, not like they would have let her go. 
 Neither do I. 
 	Nick Berg was executed during Gwb's presidency. He was not a journalist, he was an independent contractor and Jewish 
 		Dumb jew.it was like a nigger crashing a Kkk meeting 
 The fact that the older generation allowed the government to take our guns and our right to self-defence here in Australia is a crime against us.   Give us back our guns!      
 	Not a Fact at all ,Mattys Modern life, don't you think there were 18,19,20,21, Etc.year olds Voting back in 1996 , thats around the time the idiot brigade wanted Guns outlawed because they were told a retarded kid with a rifle shot 35 people ( a large number were moving head shots ) on his own , yet not even the best sniper would be that good ,  
  
 	Problem glasses even back then  
 		she’s so ugly she has to sneak up on mirrors but let’s try to focus on a positive solution instead of being negative and mean without offering anything up. Lets see.boy she sure is fugly if I didn’t know better id ask if she was a special ed retard or something i mean yikes. Ok i got something! Maybe she could take those pretty blonde bangs and grow them a little longer and bring them down a little past her chin! That would help!  
 Hillary Clinton says husband's affair was not an abuse of power   In her mind, she can Justify Anything.including Benghazi, Uranium One, private e-mail servers, taking $ from foreign governments and the list goes on. Pathetic!    
 	I think youll find Monica didn't have an affair with your husband she just used the twat to bring him down.   
 		Typical Jewess  
 Is this how you treat shareholders, ?   I said 's plans to colonize Mars were stupid since there are plenty of problems here on earth he could help solve with his resources, and he got triggered and blocked me!    
 	He’s a faggot 
 Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you the     
 	This Cunt Needs A Helipopter Ride. 
   People who committed suicide. All but. 3 are men. If you need help-reach out! 
 	unless they're a nigger, a kike, a wetback or anyone else non white.  only whites need saving, Fuck the rest of the savage turd world cunts! 
 After the Blasey Ford fiasco, Bill Cosby will win his appeal. He was railroaded by lying Title 9 liberal man-hating whores just like Kavanaugh. Every single one of their accusations was as ridiculous as the Blasey Ford, Ramirez, & Swetnick allegations yet he was convicted under the FemiNazi fascist "women have a right to be believed" doctrine. Andrea Constand's close friend Sheri Williams said Constand bragged about how she was looking to use her university connections to falsely accuse a celebrity of rape. Her testimony was ignored by the retarded jury. It won't be after Blasey Ford. Having more than one whore pointing a finger Still doesn't mean truth. It means you have a lot of man-hating Title 9 liberal whores willing to get rich putting innocent men in prison. Notice how conservative women almost Never make rape accusations against celebrities & college athletes. Only twerking liberal skanks do.    
 Race realism is a beautiful thing, like nature realism and looking in the mirror realism, and financial realism and chronological realism and sex realism and score realism.  What kind of retard starts from the platform of attacking realism except one whose goal is subversion?  Make Realism great again! 
 We summoned an ancient Egyptian deity, does that mean we're going to hell? I don't know but that Cunt Hillary Clinton lost!     
 	More Muslim lies.do you idiots ever stop and take responsibility for the terrorists you create? Yeah   Fu 
 Damn homeboy.your a nigger in 4 diffrent countrys. acording to people in 4 diffrent countrys.your victimhood has spread.just like your non species mud babies.not white.not black.some off breed.shit you fuckin niggers keep your dogs more pure than your children.you got a mutt.or a razor back pit bull? 
 James Woods is right.                             #2018midterms   
 	How did that post ever make it past the Twat censors? 
 	How did that post ever make it past the Twat censors? 
 	So you’re more triggered by me?   That’s the answer you’re going with? 
 		I had to look up who that guy is and its somewhat creepy that he was around alot of kids in those harry potter movies. 
 		I had to look up who that guy is and its somewhat creepy that he was around alot of kids in those harry potter movies. 
 From Roosh V's Twitter:  Here is the bombing suspect's Twitter account: . He only follows liberal news and celebrities. He doesn't even follow Donald Trump. 
 	Implying that this MAGApede retard wasn't following these people so he could send them stupid ass threats in their DMs. 
 	Implying that this MAGApede retard wasn't following these people so he could send them stupid ass threats in their DMs. 
 :D 
 	Christianity is the world's largest religion, with an estimated 2.2 billion adherents,  You've been in charge of - and dominated - several continents, for several hundred years to well over 1,000 years.  You fucked up.  .and, you're blaming all of the world's problems on a few million atheists.  /smh  You're irresponsible, blame-shifting liars. 
 		That's like complaining, "If Christianity didn't exist, the people in the right-hand montage wouldn't have rejected it so hard!" 
 			If christians were in charge - and, they were - the buck stops with them. ;)   Blaming others for their failures is - at best - immature, and is a clear violation of their own savior's doctrines and teachings. 
 						lol 
 							I don't go there, very often, but sometimes?   The insanity of it all just grinds my gears. 
 								I hear ya 
 								I hear ya 
 here's the liberal cunt who stole the real Gee's id    Mute it ! 
 Yes you done nothing wrong it cunt that do dirty on good places where people like talk about thing that on there mines and meet people from the Usa and other countries it like being down the pub  
 Does anyone believe that the Roman Legionary Mooning Incident killed ten thousand jews. Given what we know about the jew and lying for sympathy    So even though you might chuckle at the idea of the semites being so retarded that they crush one other to death in a disorderly rampage reminiscent of the muslim pilgrims attending the Hajj in Mecca, i am somewhat circumspect about this claim.    props to chief thunderhorse for the img. 
     Rush Limbaugh just now: "There's a part of me that thinks Flake was in on it.that he wasn't scared on that elevator." Ya think, boomer?    
 		maverick is just a pretty looking word for shitlib 
 			Literally the second coming of Sodom and Gomorrah. 
 			Literally the second coming of Sodom and Gomorrah. 
 If it's not raw, do it again!     
 	I do not want to read about what you do with your fairy gay faggot boyfriend in the privacy of your own bedroom. Thank you very much. 
 Man charged with murder in deadly attack on girlfriend kills himself in jail, police say   >> His final act was a public service that I am sure local taxpayers appreciate.    
 	The articles don’t have her name. They don’t have her picture. Know why?  She was White. That nigger killed a white woman. And they don’t even put her name in there. That’s disgusting.   She was wrong to ever date a nigger, but the media hiding that is unacceptable.  
 	Sounds like a plan to us, Todd! We'll wait until right after Christmas though.    After his parents buy him all the new games this holiday season he can kiss his Account goodbye. His console will be bricked so he won't even be able to patch his single player games after Christmas morning. Xd 
 	Sounds like a plan to us, Todd! We'll wait until right after Christmas though.    After his parents buy him all the new games this holiday season he can kiss his Account goodbye. His console will be bricked so he won't even be able to patch his single player games after Christmas morning. Xd 
 She is not one of the nigger loving jews sanz 
 We've reached faggot levels that were once thought to be impossible  
 You're an idiot. Grow the fuck up retarded kid raised by commies. 
 NPCs make the same bad decisions and pretend it makes them unique. 
 	Strong and single empowered womxn.   
 		Not That strong and single! They obviously pulled up on stupid cunt Feminazi Mode long enough for a sperm injection. 
 The Grave of a Pagan Bishop in the ruins of Coventry Cathedral.    Oddly enough, it is pretty much the only thing that survived after the Luftwaffe bombed it in WW2.     
 		Lol get f**ked, heathen faggot :) 
 1938  Nazis plan Jewish ghettos for all major cities. The difference between Nazi ghettoes and American ghettoes is that in America, you’re free to go to work and move yourself out. In the real Nazi ghettoes, they loaded you on a train and took you to a death camp. 
 			That is true.  
 			That is true.  
 Nuts 
 	She "doesn't feel safe". so she wants money. Send the cunt back to her shithole country. Muslims do not belong in the west.Period. 
 Here comes the media spin machine.  Pictured: Trump-supporting, bodybuilder revealed as the 'MAGAbomber'.  
 	No  cunt tossed a brick a window of the Van. Brand spanking new Van, No Police tickets for obstructed view. Seems Legit 100% False Flag.   
  
 	Bwahaha. She probably hopes that some haji will try to fuck her now - my guess.   She won't like it when she'll try to leave islam though, with a death fatwa pending on her head, after she'll get bored of it or for some other retarded female reason. 
 Doxxing Arrest   Jackson Cosko is charged with:   making public restricted personal information     witness tampering    unauthorized access of a government computer    identity theft    second degree burglary     threats in interstate communications    unlawful entry    
 	Ho Ho. 
 		Pencil neck faggot 
     Boko Haram executes another Red Cross worker by shooting her in the head, will keep Leah Sharibu, a Dapchi schoolgirl, as "a slave for life" 
 		That's not fair.he wasn't a false prophet, he really was a prophet of Satan. The problem is Satan is the physical source of all evil in the world so that doesn't exactly say much good for the guy, but still. Facts are facts. 
 		That's not fair.he wasn't a false prophet, he really was a prophet of Satan. The problem is Satan is the physical source of all evil in the world so that doesn't exactly say much good for the guy, but still. Facts are facts. 
 So.Let's wrap this up. If you follow me, and are into child porn style Hentai.and I find you.im calling you out, so fucking Do Not Follow Me.   You call it art, but me, the serially molested as a child adult who is rational and critical thinking, calls Bs and refuses you faggots to follow me.   Your sex life will be as retarded as you are. Fuck off.    
 You will end up impregnating her and abandoning the little mulatto (who I will then have to smother) at best or assaulting her and setting her on fire at worst.  We will read about it in the papers and say tut tut.typical.  She better watch that finger too, or someone is gonna rip it off and shove it up your nigger ass. 
 You sad cunt 
 What A Hypocritical Idiot!   Eric Holder Questions Legitimacy of Supreme Court;   Issues Menacing Call to ‘Use Rage to Vote to Be Rid of Republicans’    
 	"Where did he get his law degree? From a box of Cracker Jacks?"      .@SenBobCorker                                                                                                                                 @             ?     
 		That nigger is using code words that he and Barry set up. Remember all those felons Barry released? I believe they are leaders his guerilla warriors, just like the released jihadi's for Bergdahl. I truly believe they have urban warfare in mind. Be ready, be armed. 
 Hay,      They are just doing what the boomers taught them to do. Blame the parents. 
 	This boomer says "Fuck you" and uses the mute button. 
 		Remember when you were a child.     And the retarded angry kid would throw rocks at you.  When you turn to go face them, they run away.  Until you stop chasing them, then they start throwing rocks again. 
 We See You Barry! 
 	Class A commie faggot 
 On yet another National Faggot Day, it’s important to learn the facts about things Jews lie about.    Matthew Shepard was assaulted during a robbery, not because he was a faggot. He had drugs they wanted.   Matthew Shepard was a prostitute & had Hiv. One of his killers was also a prostitute & they had sexual encounters.    Mathew Shepard was a meth addict & dealer. He had access to a $10,000 supply of meth the night he was robbed.    Matthew Shepard had previously been gang raped in Morocco, why didn’t his family cause an international incident about that?   Jews turned Shepard into a gay martyr to champion hate crime laws. Hate crime laws are only ever used against white people. 
 	The twat on the right is parroting trash fed him by the left - Brexit didn't steal his future, Brexit just gave him back his future.  He will regret this pic in the future 
 This reporter just got owned by President Trump in the Rose Garden.    If you watch this, don't drink anything over a keyboard. You'Ve Been Warned!  Watch:  
 	Holy fuck. Based. And then the dumb cunt just takes it. 
 Here'S A Scary Thought For Halloween! If the corrupt communist Democrats squirm their way back into Congress House majority - wack-job Maxine Waters will control the House Finance Committee. Scary Witch Maxine's first priority: Cancel Tax Cuts, Raise Your TaxES! 
 	that ugly old nigger is scary without the knife 
 The media is claiming this idiot is of Seminole Indian and Filipino heritage. Lol.my ass!     Dudes a total fuckin spic / beaner .just look at him. 
  
 	that's why Trump was elected. Biden played second fiddle to a half-wit half nigger faggot 
 So what’s your purpose in life, exactly? To get pregnant, abort the child then make a t shirt telling everyone you aborted it? I don’t even care, it’s your body and I don’t think you should reproduce anyway, but what’s your point? Because you look like an idiot.   - Blair           
 	Proud to be a child killer.Must be a lefty.  " I don’t even care, it’s your body ." Must be a cunt who has thought nothing through but has bought into lefty slogans. 
  
 	Me as a white nigger would be fine with that. After all abortion is the best solution 25 y after birth  
 I'm so glad the Cunt Bitch is out of the administration; I hope she dies of cervical cancer! 
 	Isn't it funny how he flip flops on his standings?   It's more then funny actually. it's amusing. 
 		Freak/loser, the climate is indeed changing but it a natural occurrence.   Wake The Fuck Up!    +1 (Neo) 
 																		Faggot/Nazi/Nigger, who are these Jews on My postings now?   What are you mumbling about? What bogus horse shit!   Are You Stupid? :eek:           
 	>baby boomers never had any fun when we were young  citation fuking needed bitch 
 It seems that Twitter has stopped anyone on Gab cross posting to Twitter. This is a problem to those of us who seek to push content to followers on both platforms and I am surprised there seems little Gab debate on the issue. 
 		Do sod off. I am sick to the back teeth of all these rabid anti Semites on Gab popping up every time I post anything of note. Look, you can take your opinions and stick them. I am not interested in them and they make Gab a far from attractive place for many. Just saying. 
 			I never thought I hear David Vance advocate banning free speech. Seems you've caught the Marxist disease now. 
 				I am not saying to Ban it. I am saying I am not interested in rabid Jew hatred and  I far from alone in this regard. Don't put words into my mouth. 
 					"fuck off retard" works for both SJWs and incel hitler fanboys. Thats prob why they banned the word retard on twitter. Hits too close to truth for the leftists 
 Angry Dem Mob Confronts McConnell in Restaurant  Man Slam Fists on Table  Then Throws McConnell’s Food Out the Door (Video)    
 	In this case "Mob" is more in line with the Npc term for Monster. Since the typical definition of a "Mob" is a mass of typically angry people. There is only the one guy it seems. The rest seem to be telling the deranged retard to leave. 
 You want to have a fun game, cunt sucker?  
     Bah Hahaha!  Preach it Mark! 
 	I just love Mark Dice -- still rocking my "Russian Bot" T-shirt and "Liberalism is a Mental Disorder - Help find a Cure," shirt as well.  
 		.and he calls out the retarded stuff for what it is so very unashamedly.  
 Share The Fuck Out Of This Video.    
 	Robinson is a shill.  He knew full well what would happen to these soldiers.  Sorry this is all conived.  Publicity stunt.   
 		To me Zionism is a political ideology and any cunt can be one.including Us presidents. True Jews who follow the old testament, do not support the existence of Israel.  
 You find this flag to be offensive to your American feelings?   Yes? Good because I don't give a fuck. Now get back to twitter. 
 		You mean these faggot flags?   Thanks for gaslighting yourself. 
 Her dad looks like a cuck that wouldn’t get mad if you farted on him. She married a nigger because he wouldn’t stand up to you, believe me, if she was my daughter I’d tell you off. 
 It was a safe choice. She backed a candidate I'm sure most her fans have never heard of. She didn't go full retard 
 The retard is funding  & thinks  gasses his own people when it's drumph's Isis butt-buddies committing the .   trump is a total   stooge.   .      
 The left is so contradictory. Things that the Scotus overturned that the majority of Americans wanted  include racial segregation, abortion restrictions, gay marriage bans, etc. One guy gets on the court and these clowns want to give up all these things. The left can never see 2 ft in front of the, let alone the forest through the trees: 
 	If they can't win to control it, they want it destroyed.   They didn't win the last Presidential Election, so they want to abolish the Electoral College.  When they lose, in November, they're gonna want to abolish Congress and the Senate.  I'm wondering when they'll just commit mass suicide. 
 		Hey, democrat here. I, and everyone I know, don't want to abolish Congress, the Senate, or the Supreme Court.  However, arguments could be made that the Supreme Court needs term limits, and that the electoral college is outdated.  Have a nice day. 
 			Another retard without a clue. Why should two states alone (Ny and Ca) determine the presidential election? because under "popular vote" that is exactly what would happen, disenfranchising the other states. The electoral college was setup for that reason. Now shutup and go make someone a sandwich. 
 Tv ads are trying hard to meme white men with nigger bitches. It’s hillariously painful 
 Hello,   We're new to Gab, just have had my final straw with  and his Fascist Nazis at Twitter.   Our associated website is www.ChangeWeCanBelieveIn.com    is the ! 
 	Welcome to  u nigger faggot. 
 Now then Tev. You see this wife beating business? Had it out with another left wing twat on Twitter the other day.   Tommy was prosecuted for assaulting a cop who got in the way of a verbal dispute he had with his wife. She confirms he didn't hit her. Why he wasn't charged with domestic abuse at all. She was also in the Bnp.   The stories of his wife beating are all fake rumours put about by the Left with no evidence whatsoever.   Are you a socialist Tev? Why do you believe socialist lies Tev? 
 	Oh bugger. This one's quoting from Veterans Today a more untrustworthy source would be difficult to find although Brian 'Agent Gibberish' Gerrish would probably give Vt a run for its money 
 	Everywhere those evil Jews  they infiltrate everything to tear it down. 
 They were looking for an excuse and that retard gave it to them on a silver platter. The guy was a nazi and anti Trump, he was one of them. I'm kinda surprised the nazi's are still running their mouths after this shit, the Fbi is watching and taking names. 
       
 	The silly white twat can't even speak English.A white women. come On! 
 Google exec slams Gop over Kavanaugh nomination: ‘F--k. You. All. To. Hell'    
 		people like David Hogue are the reason I never joined Facebook or Twitter and began moving important stuff away from Google several years ago. 
 			You're wiser than I.  
 			I've worked in the industry for 30 years.   I know exactly how trustworthy these companies are because I did contracts at about 20 of them. 
 			Sun was a decent company.  Microsoft, Google, Twitter, Apple are mostly filled with foreign labor that questions nothing, and a lot of the management are shitbags like Hogue that think they're holy and righteous but have no integrity or even a concept of it. 
 			Striking how educated he is yet bat shit crazy. 
 			yes.  I actually think it's related.  Because he's made so much money and has intelligence, he knows he's better than any of his customers.  His customers are not customers, they're company property to be bought and sold.   That's the mentality.   He knows better than any of us. 
 			He's legitimately got a Kant categorical imperative tweet on the Tl yet sides with Ford.  That's bezerk her friend said "no gathering." 
 			they're the equivalent of the Marie Antoinnnette class that got their heads chopped off during the Revolution.  Smarter than everyone else, so they deserved all the resources, etc. 
 			exactly.  they've put together an incoherent morality system in their heads, it's all a big mishmash of conflicting stuff and they don't even know why.   Nice reference.   One of my most interesting classes was Business Ethics 301.    
 			Same.  
 			Same.  
     This is perposterous and racest!   How can you charge an ethnic minority with ethnic violations?   You’ll be hearing from my consituents in November and if you come on my property, I’ll turn my rockweilers loose on you! 
 	Lock the deranged cunt up 
 	lot of white people at the beach have mud skin.Lol 
 		its called a tan, retard 
 100%       #Heathens  
 		(((fuck them))) 
 		(((fuck them))) 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	You mean war on whites. Not war on niggers. Retarded boomers gave niggers their rights. Look at what happens when you let the apes out of the cage. This "war on blacks" is really funny to see it unfold. You keep poking the lion, it will attack back. The ignorance of whites these days are going to get our race killed off.  
 ""Md"" 
 	Md, Mph, Cunt 
 Fibby nigger tries to play the "da Fbi be rayciss n sheeit, an I be a woke whistleblower" card, and gets Btfo'd.   Learns "dats rayciss" agitation only works in DemSM media. Plans career as community organizer.    
 Every. Single. Time. 
 	What a leaky twat  
 Order 11 cuck and possibly a faggot with a Kike Bf.  Vast if verified. 
  I acquired a better job. You'll be getting at least Fittee a month upon first paycheck, brother. 
 		another Cantwell post another buttmad faggot shill calling him a fed How's Anglin's dick taste bitch 
 This picture freaks me out!  
 	Perjury is all I have seen . with her bull dyke lawyer . Take this skank down ! 
 You don't need to use Khunt. I was 55years old when a group of young women , ( who were using Cunt to describe a Cunt of a supervisor ) explained to me that it is not a bad word as it simply stands for Can't Understand Normal Thought.  
 You don't need to use Khunt. I was 55years old when a group of young women , ( who were using Cunt to describe a Cunt of a supervisor ) explained to me that it is not a bad word as it simply stands for Can't Understand Normal Thought.  
 Look how noble I am milady I spit on porn to protect your divine beauty    +   Think Off The Children!    =   This 
 	@3113BC Pro  6 hours ago  in Porn does Not belong on Gab  There have been discussions about whether or not Gab should be 18+ or the Nsfw content should require verification for the sake of children wanting to join Gab. This wouldn't even be an issue if Andrew just banned porn. The porn content on Gab has gotten out of hand. There are now pedophiles on Gab posting loli porn (anime child porn) in which I kn.  repost because this faggot got butthurt 
 i cleaned my room and moved the reptiles in a nicer location of the room 
 		says the big gay 
 It's a feeding frenzy on the shark-infested twitter virtue-signalling factory.   They're eating each other. 
 	you have to wonder how so many people can be so completely retarded without the excuse of a birth defect. 
  
 	bitch face cunt 
 Get Help You Sexual Abuser: Free Money! Cory Booker Unveils Plan to Give Poor Americans $50,000 | Sean Hannity  
 	How do these Retarded Niggers Get Elected ? 
 Right-Wing Anti Mass Migration Party Wins Historic Majority in Quebec, Canada Election   The right-wing anti-mass migration Coalition Avenir Québec (Caq) has won a historic majority in Canada’s French-speaking province, promising smaller government and improved border controls.  The party managed to oust the former ruling Liberal Party on Monday winning a majority of seats in Quebec which has been governed by either the centre-left Liberals or the separatist centre-left Parti Québécois for the last five decades, the Cbc reports.   The Caq, led by François Legault who was a former member of the Parti Québécois and formed the Caq in 2011, campaigned on a mix of traditional conservative platforms that included promises to reduce the size of the provincial government, as well as more populist policies on the topic of immigration.   In May, the party promised a values test for newly arrived immigrants along with a three-year deadline for migrants to pass the test and show proficiency in the French language.   We do not want to keep too many people who do not accept our language, our values and to participate in the workforce, Legault said.   If the person does not want to learn French, they will not have their selection certificate, so they will never be a citizen. They become a person without status and it’s up to the federal government to decide what to do with that person, he added.   The new government has promised to reduce immigration numbers overall by 20 percent but will likely require concessions with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s federal Liberal government to implement such reforms.   The party has also been one of the strongest in Canada in opposition to the full-face Islamic veils known as the burqa and the niqab, with the Caq’s spokeswoman Nathalie Roy writing: And although we will not ban them, we are not afraid to say it: We remain totally against the niqab, chador and burqa. We must send a clear message we do not like the idea of these symbols of the oppression of women.   As part of that policy, the party intends to introduce a secular charter that would ban the wearing of religious symbols like the niqab or the hijab for school teachers, police officers, and any other profession that employs state authority and power.   The election of the Caq follows that of populist-conservative Doug Ford in Canada’s most populous province of Ontario earlier this year. Ford, who also defeated a provincial Liberal Party in a landslide victory, ran on a Trump-like platform railing against the political elites of the province.   The two election results in Canada’s largest provinces bode badly for Prime Minister Trudeau who has seen a massive drop in the polls following a series of gaffes and scandals including spending billions of taxpayer dollars on the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion project that was eventually halted by a court in August.     
 	Does that mean that twit Trudeau is no longer their Prime Minister? 
 		Unfortunately, the fairy gay faggot is still Prime Minister. There has to be a vote of non-confidence in Parliament in order to bring his government down. 
 I'll respond with nigger jew bitch sandpeople cracker and Hitler did nothing wrong . Just to prove that yes sir here you can say anything you want . Welcome  
 Liberal logic. 
 	dyke 
 	So much diversity, goyim! Death to them all! Take out the Un headquarters 1st for pressing nations to do this, then lets find the Trilateral Commission headquarters & take it out. Next, nuke Israel so none escape. Then, we go for the bankers individually, but at the same time, including vacation homes. Millions of men attacking at the same time. This is war! 
 		The problem is the Census now judges races by what people identify as. So there’s jews & mixed races who say they’re white. My husband and I dnt buy kosher nor do we shop at departments staffed with minorities. We try not to support businesses who support diversity. Living in middle of nowhere helps. I only see a nigger 1-2 a month 
 Christianity didn't kill anyone. Evil men using religion as a excuse to kill and conquer for the power and monetary riches they coveted. And most religions have been used the same way. I find religious texts to be the first self help books. 
 	Hindus did it a bit differently - "Your life sucks even though you're a good person, that's because you've been a cunt in your past life. So suck it up, obey us and give us your money" 
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 	Coming out allows you to be who you are, with no fronts or worries about micro-nuanced behavior. Coming out allows you to be honest with your friends, and let them know that you trust them with everything. And coming out enables you to be a representative of the Lgbt (and all other identities, of course) community. 
 		Faggot 
 	This particular one seems to have 404'd 
 		yEAH I've been fighting this for hours, the more people get on board the sooner they'll be gone 
 		yEAH I've been fighting this for hours, the more people get on board the sooner they'll be gone 
 So I Guess the New Democratic Party Platform Is Violence?    
 	Nigger pleaaaaassse! Shut the fuck up and go play with yourself until it bleeds! 
  
 	 
 		Just Another Low Iq Nigger Talking Her Ignorant Bs.  
 The French need to look at a map showing great circle flight routes from Paris to North America and then try to plan  getting around Uk airspace. 
 	Ryanair should be Really worried - and that little twat who runs that shit 'airline' needs to Stfu about a British matter.  
  @a c/c     There are obvious foreign trolls on Gab, posing as White Nationalists & Trump supporters.   They are currently trying to sow division, demoralize conservative voters, spreading anti-Trump/anti-Republican propaganda, and discouraging people from voting.   This is foreign election interference. Will Gab do anything about this? 
 	Hopefully no. We don't need any echo chambers. If your ideology can't withstand a little shit posting, then your ideology is trash! You political rivals will throw everything they can at you, and it will be you looking like an Npc if all you can do is spout buzzwords. 
 		Again, I can't stop you continuing to demonstrate you're a total loser with nothing better to do. I can pretend to be retarded too. I don't spend two days trolling people to do so. 
 A prayer for judgement in Nc means the case will be dismissed. They may or may not put stipulations on it. Not surprised. This fat nigger will walk with a slap on the wrist. In the court's eyes she dindu nuffin.  
  
 				   Gah! 
 				   Gah! 
 What's amazing about it is that he actually Pulled that punch. if he'd not done so. that faggot would have been dead in one shot. 
 		Her problem is just that she's.Dumb.yes that's right I said it, Ignorant. 
 		The Left and their puppet masters are not particularly bright. They can't even get the optics right, let alone the common sense. 
 		The Left and their puppet masters are not particularly bright. They can't even get the optics right, let alone the common sense. 
  Filing  Request, Re !        F#Democrats#Policies   F#NuttyNancy for the#Nuthouse & needs to be tested for#Kuru   's take  
 	give it up whore ,you lost you fucking cunt 
 	 
 			It's bretty gay.  I'll say this, I don't fuck with those pro accts. They all drug up for a while when torba bounced @u .  They we're big on shitting on all of us. Including anons including writers and e celebs.  They are plutocrats by definition. 
 			When I realized I was a right winger, I was fully aware I would be grouped with people that don't like me. But since I'm no longer in highschool I don't give a fuck. Being so afraid of being called a nazi that you counter signal, I don't understand it. 
 			Read siege man. Those ppl must be shoved unto the dying ground, a corner, a place where they either fight for an existence; or die.  They don't deserve anything more than a single choice. 
 			My dad was almost killed when he was 12 during a land takeover under Allende's regime, my mom's office was machinegunned by commie terrorists because she worked for the military. I guess Americans have lived too peacefully for too long. 
 			If I may borrow a commie phase.  The west is . Decedant.  
 			If I may borrow a commie phase.  The west is . Decedant.  
 Sarah Palin:    Things Go From Bad to Worse for Teacher After Calling for Kavanaugh's Assassination    
 	Can you imagine how she'd treat your retarded child if she knew you were a conservative? Why does it take so little to trigger these idiots? Have they no logic, can't research anything or think for themselves? pathetic. 
 Haha, she is a hero. Don’t forget that  
 	I know agreed, i love that fucking cunt 
 This decadence and emotional childishness is what the future holds if the silent majority, does not rebel, against it.  They came against Judge Roy Moore and the right, didn’t stand with him.  They chose to believe a lie or not to defend him.  You allow this to happen to Kavanaugh, you will find the mob mentally everywhere.  Your choice, silent majority! 
 		We do however have representatives , as all Americans.  The Feminist-rat Party has been taking the real Democrats carts over the cliff for years.  Hillary is apart of this gaggle.  The youth follow this old wrench because they fail to study or seek fact about her and other.  They just vote gender believing it will help their gender.  Hillary has only harmed female gender by protecting Bill Clinton, against real assaults by this leecherous old hillbilly from Arkansas.  She and he are charter members of the Kkk in Arkansas.  You can’t fix stupid. 
 		We do however have representatives , as all Americans.  The Feminist-rat Party has been taking the real Democrats carts over the cliff for years.  Hillary is apart of this gaggle.  The youth follow this old wrench because they fail to study or seek fact about her and other.  They just vote gender believing it will help their gender.  Hillary has only harmed female gender by protecting Bill Clinton, against real assaults by this leecherous old hillbilly from Arkansas.  She and he are charter members of the Kkk in Arkansas.  You can’t fix stupid. 
 god you are shit at this no im not i have kids asshole. have you removed me yet or are you just going to stand their like a twat  in your cheesy wrap around sunglasses like a budget Neo ? 
 	Never an abuse of power to get a nigger under control. the nigger needs to be constantly reminded of its place at the bottom of the social hierarchy 
 look if you want to fuck 50 year old grannies, like a fucking degenerate  & limit yourself to 2 or 3 kids, instead of 10 or more, like a pussified cuck  Go ahead, faggot 
 And the award for best reply of the year goes to. 
 	I'm sure I am not the only one who is 100% fedup with this fuckn muzzie bitch Sarsour.Someday soon she will be put in her place.just saying 
 Wtf? It's ok for  to commit tax evasion, as long as they're a 'star'?     
 		Look, another retard that doesn't understand sarcasm.  
 British tongue. Don't blame Jews. Blame Hitler, fucked up the opportunity because the backward retarded prick loved his drugs to much. Don't and will never exist.  
 Michael Eric Dyson goes into full racist race-baiting mode in attacking . The message to black Americans is clear: You will toe the  line or the Democrats will destroy you.   Why are these terrorists tolerated in America?    
 	The Jewish people have said that Hollywood is theirs. Can any of you deny that they are the masters of Hollywood, where sex, lesbianism, homosexuality and violence are promoted?Louis Farrakhan 
 				Except, propaganda is older than history and used in every culture around the world.  At all points in history.  For ever.   
 				Was there any form of filth or shamelessness, particularly in cultural life, without at least one Jew involved in it? If you cut even cautiously into such an abscess, you foundlike a maggot in a rotting body often dazzled by the sudden lighta little Jew.Mein Kampf  
 Nancy Pelosi: ‘25,000 Votes Could Determine the Gavel’  via  
 	California ? Pelosi is putting out the Wetback warning. Everybody Vote. It's up to Us ! 
  
 	Haha yep but the nigger will still say wez kangs  
 Identify as a black retarded female.  Your guaranteed the job! 
 Ack! Jimmy Church is on now #938 saying that what is important is the show.not whether the guest is a  hoax. 
 	Jimmy the Douchechurch is a burnt-out California cunt pseudo rocker. You just know that, if he had a hobby, he would produce child porn flix. Churchflix 4 Vatican, for example. Now I gave him an idea or three. 
 Classic: 2 Birds with 1 Stone - Maxine Waters proves herself She Is   Low Iq and SOCIALIsT               @1776Ninja         
 	Lol! Want a good laugh. listen to this retard monkey's idiot remarks. 
 Just not who we are: Montana tavern refuses Donald Trump, Jr. and Kimberly Guilfoyle    Be a shame if we crashed their rating Yelp:  
 	In Montana? Must be a misplaced liberal owner. 
 		faggot must have got lost 
  
 		I didn't know the alt-right falls under the term "maga-pedes". 
 		I didn't say that. What the fuck you talking about 
 		But the meme is about the alt-right, so. 
 		uh huh 
 		uh huh 
     Samhain - Initium (1984) Full Album   720p Hd 
 	this looks to stupid to watch so I wont 
 		that's nice, faggot 
 "Kanye West is what happens when negros don't read" is an actual quote from Cnn today.    
 	Boy-cott,Cnn 
 		What's a Cnn? Communist Nigger News? 
 Dumb reporter gets Triggered by Kayne's dragon energy, calls it an "assault on our White House."   Piss off, you retarded skank    
 Jt and the turtle. 
 	A  fucking peacock with one brain cell and faggot socks! But what one expects from a son of a retarded party whore? 
 The Roman  founded America per scripture/lprophecy 2B the 2ND Beast of Revelation that forces all nation's to take on the mark of the 1st Beast (Rome)!  Race has nothing 2do with it & no such thing as race either. Morals & Character are the only thing that matters!  
 	I think that might be a step up for this twaddle burger? 
 		.This asshole ><--- is a  Pos who posts stupid irrelevant left/right political bullshit 24x7 along with "white is right" satanic chatter.  He is a crackling thorn under a caldron burning in the fire.    Anyone who thinks they're "cool" and they enjoy his inane rhetoric, you're one sorry excuse for a human being. 
 				2-3% nigger dna?  LMAOooo  I've never seen such ignorance.  you're pretty pathetic. a "White planet"?  LMAOoo   ---><----     
 Hannity acting like Antifa and Proud Boys (his allies and fans) are equivalent. Compare this to the democrats lying incessantly to protect their Antifa pets:  
 	Faggot boys deserve to be blown the fuck out.  Its fun watching them beat up autistic, drugged up trannies, but they are ultimately anti-white race traitors or shitskins opposed to white identity because they want to continue taking advantage of whites.  They are not our friends, and never were. 
 Black woman wrecks black man's life with fake rape accusation; movie deep-sixed. Another stunning column by  . And I have 4 daughters!  
 	A nigger who Didn’T rape a woman. Are you sure this isn’t a fantasy movie? Oh wait. it was a nigger sow. Not even the bucks want to touch them.  
 Commie, Nazi - there's no real difference. Both are retarded socialist bigots. 
 Talk About !   Google Actually Quoted Racist Psychopath     .                
 	keep eating your South Korean Dog Meat, you inbred bull dyke cave dweller , you have the Iq. of Lint ! 
 Irene Zisblatt is a lying yenta. Her story is just another Jewish lie about the "holocaust" that has been widely accepted by the masses of retarded Npc's who don't objectively look into anything because of muh anti-semitism and racism. 
 Probably some good information here but I will not be watching this five at five broadcast.  I cannot watch Donna Brazil, but I left it here for you just in case.    
 		I can't tolerate him either. 
 		I can't tolerate him either. 
 Migrant caravan heading toward Us border expands to over 7,500 people: report      
 	Now, all one needs do is, set Explosives on either End of Bridge, sit back & Watch the Fireworks, & find Cover from falling Spic Debris Parts. 
 No I'd Say "at least half" Is A Gross Understatement. The Vast Majority of People In Florida are Focking Retards. Retards From Ny, Retards From Jersey, Retards From Mass, California and Washington State. Retards From Cuba and Haiti. Pretty Much Any Retard Who Couldn't Make it In Their Home State/Land Oozed Into Florida Like Sewage or Toxic Waste. 
 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Calls for Abolishing Electoral College    
 	"How to Retard for Dummies" - a book, amazingly, believe it or not written by Alex Cortez. 
 And went on to become one of the the Top Criminals on the planet.that actually kind of gave him immunity to do everything else he's done since, hasn't it. The "prison fight" that established a young and dumb Arkansas Hillbilly as the Cellblock captain.  They should think about that, it will become Trumps Superpower. 
 And went on to become one of the the Top Criminals on the planet.that actually kind of gave him immunity to do everything else he's done since, hasn't it. The "prison fight" that established a young and dumb Arkansas Hillbilly as the Cellblock captain.  They should think about that, it will become Trumps Superpower. 
  
 	Kill these nigger dogs Now. Pitbull Genocide 
 It's pretty hilarious how ppl on Gab are slobbering over Kanye West and idolizing him.  Then, as soon as he says something they disagree with, they go back to claiming he's a retard and calling him racial slurs.  But it works bc ppl on Gab are retarded have have 10 second memories. 
 I just read an article saying that anyone who makes over 75k is upper class. Does that sound right to anyone? I would consider that middle class. To me 100k would be upper middle and 200k+ is upper class. 
 	Depends. 75 k in Ms, La and Al is a lot more than Ny, Ca or Hawaii. 
 		Not at all the soy boys and fat dyke lezbos would go down fast. I used to do stage lighting for a biker based music tour. I think the gangs would be a safe place to be. I'd probably hook up with the hell's Angel's. Js. lol 
 O’Rourke raises more than $70M in Texas Senate bid    
 	That stupid fake spic could raise 70 billion and it wouldn't matter. No matter how much he raises, Texas doesn't want his dumb liberal ass.period. 
 Speaking in retarded drivel doesn’t make you impressive. 
 Ocasio Cortez: caravan are refugees with legal right to asylum.    
 	No they don’t you cunt 
  
 	2024*   Trump has 8 years you retard 
 Virginia Republican Party says Dem candidate "hates America"      
 	"You hate Israel? You Must Hate America"    Boomer Republican Logic. 
 		That is pretty retarded logic. Almost as retarded as "You hate Wn? You Hate White People" 
 The explanation for the Bible, as our retarded kosher friend can't seem to explain, was "inspired by" God. So yes, it was written by men and deliberated on by a council which dictated the books it would contain. You're correct. 
 Gary Glitter - I Didn't Know I Loved You Till I Saw You Rock And Roll       
 	pedophile 
 		you're a faggot who likes pedophiles and songs about faggots dressing up like girls 
 		Maybe the civil war is desirable. Maybe forcing the issue will be a great moment in our lives. 
 	not one of them  
 		That’s as maybe but for poll purposes you have to choose at least one of the scumbags. 
 	Deary me.oh deary me. Two votes. How your readership has fallen 
 		Put it in the wrong category that’s why. Should have put it in politics. 
 		You were happier on twitter 
 		  
 		  
 Fagbook suspended me for this, proving once again we are under a faggot Jew dicktatership! 
 I know Gab is the only way some of you keep up with me, and it looks like that might be a problem. Going forward, so please be sure to get on my email list, and know that we also have a forum on my website where you can connect with other listeners.         
 	fuck off Chris, no one gives a shit about you or your retard forums 
 Another Hollywood skank--'remove' Trump    
 	They'll keep on and keep on until Trump is removed. Then we'll have to remove them. What in the entire fuck are they not gaining by Trump being president? What did cunt hiLIARy have planned for Hollywood? These fuckers had something planned for us and it wasn't good but honestly I think.  
 		. the Trump win was safest for them. Because they had something planned for us (my guess is immigrants from fucking Africa) and would have started a Civil War. Kill George Soros and his family and this fucking shit will cease.  
 		Pay Per View his torture. Money to be made.  
 		Pay Per View his torture. Money to be made.  
 Why do Ivanka and Melania have the same fake tits? 
 	Welcome to Gab, fellow ! 
 		Go shove it up your fat ass 
 			You’re an angry Npc! 
 				I'm a Nigger Pig Cunt?  
 Florida Commissioner Michael Dunn shot and killed a (possibly illegal immigrant) shoplifter sporting a hatchet and is now being charged with murder.   Dunn deserves our support. He opposed the removal of a 100 year old confederate statue, and is an ardent 2nd amendment defender and gun rights advocate.     
 	I saw the video--he didn,t need to get involved,, 
 		well the thieving faggot still got what he deserved. Execute the illegals. Execute them all! 
 Oh, Goodie another Racist Troll to Mute.   Do come back under yet another identity.   That Mute Button Never Gets Tired.   Hahahahaha 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 Texas woman caught on video abandoning toddler at stranger’s front door    
 	Surveillance video captures woman leaving toddler on porch    
 		Omfg   The bitch has the biggest smile the kid looks scared. Somebody, before the cops get her, needs to beat her to a bloody mess!   Put that cunt in the hospital! 
 Broward Sheriff Deputies’ Union Chief: Andrew Gillum Willing to Defend Anti-Police Radicals    
 	another nigger heard from!  We Need the Star Chamber to eliminate these black mf's! 
 No thanks, saw a nigger 27 seconds into the trailer. Think I will pass. (((Race-mixing pushing Hollywood))) is dead to me. Same goes to (((CableTV))). 
 Yeah, poor Dickie will be raped by alimony, that now he "ows her"; the cunt will milk him for what is worth, whatever that is, besides getting the custody of their children.   Poor Dickie will probably go full implicit after this nightmare!  
 'Wait. What?' Philippe Reines has No right to play this game with Donald Trump's 'rhetoric'  
 	He's a complete retard it's not really shocking  
 	I do not care what you think of me. I do listen, or read other peoples posts to learn and grow. My opinions do change over time as I learn, and grow. So, go ahead and mute me. Fuck you too. I do not really give a shit either way. I will continue learning, and growing without your influence. 
 		 
 		  You should watch this short video. It will explain why you are gay. It is ok. God made you the way you are, and he does not make mistakes. 
 		I think you commented on the wrong one dude 
 		I think you commented on the wrong one dude 
 jim (((penis sucker))) acosta is a nigger  
 In the Usa the angry coalition of non-white women are openly going after white women   It will start happening here soon if it hasn't already. 
 	Lol, what an utter entitled twat who thinks by having a index finger up, is a sign to make her famous? please, just please can she just not exist. she is an embarrassment.  
    Truth Fears No Investigations  Jews are Khazars.   Publications proving that.   Save. To debate with the faggot shills.    
 Faggot drama queen takes his sickness out on a black man.  Fag racism by the Latino is goofy & disgusting.   When ridesharing goes wrong.    
 	It's honestly quite impressive. At least with Max Boot and others, we know their pro-open border sentiment is genuine. This is a whole new level of controlled opposition.   >advocate for what your "political opponents" want by claiming that it will hurt your "political opponents" to give them what they want  Listen kids, advocating for policy positions that go against everything you claim to stand for will only work if you couch it in complete retardation.  
 	It's honestly quite impressive. At least with Max Boot and others, we know their pro-open border sentiment is genuine. This is a whole new level of controlled opposition.   >advocate for what your "political opponents" want by claiming that it will hurt your "political opponents" to give them what they want  Listen kids, advocating for policy positions that go against everything you claim to stand for will only work if you couch it in complete retardation.  
 Emma Gonzalez, famous only for not getting shot, calls Kavanaugh a "priveleged white boy". That means a whole lot coming from a trash talking low rent gutter slime who abused the Parkland shooter.    
 		That's right. That dyke and that Hogg bullied Nikolas Cruz everyday until he snapped.  
 (((Feinstein))) for sure. That cunt literally does the happy merchant hand rub meme, in real life. She's a sub human beast. She's this half dead corpse, who more then likely has dementia and yet she's in a powerful political position. 
 Don't let these   fool you .they are not like you. They are pure trash pretending to relate with you on moral issues when they are 100% immoral themselves. They will sometimes claim they are Christians, but ask them to elaborate and they vomit out nothing but heresy. They will chant with you against the liberal opposition coming out of  but applaud them for putting clinics in minority areas. They believe in  and . They even support  for the elderly, and underdeveloped.   A lot of them are even Scottish Rite Freemasons who's great, great grand fathers were a part of the Order of the Golden Circle that opposed the early Gop founded by   and assassinated Lincoln. It is because of their Freemasonic ranks that many of them got skipped up in ranks in the military, and police .the ones seemingly more honorable because of that really cheated.   They Are Not Your Friends!  
 	Fyi .Just so you understand some more background: The Founders, they where York Rite nobles .which was the "hidden hand" of The North allied with the Knighthoods of the British Crown  Scottish Rite was the "hidden hand" of The South .who are knights of Hapsburg Royalty.  
 		Nice conspiracy theory there so to try to write off that we in this movement basically hold the same ideas as the Framers.  Get fucked. faggot 
 		RIght, I know, I could do a collection of my greatest articles. Good point! 
 			dont make it limited availablity like  did  
 					I'm asking about his expenses which seem hi since this political area is chronically underfunded 
 							again, devil's advocate, that doesn't seem like a profitable business but a good front  for being funded under the table, thus the need for transparency 
 											 r the biggest  
 Ha, I bet I go out yelling ala Akbar on a filthy muzzie and slingshot Sausage links at them.  
 	Here y'all go:  
 		Man After My Own Heart.  Its Just Like The Word Jew,  If You Cant Say It You Cant Target TheM For TheIR InJustICES.  Kike, Nigger, Polock Spic Cracker Are All Descriptives For The Individual Who May Not Like The Behavior Of Ignorant And Or Highly Deceptive People Or Both Not Bound By COLOr.  MOrE Bound By The SHIt Hole One Reigns From / Has AllEGIANCE To.  No Duel CItIZENSHIP  Should Be AllOWED In Congress.  JewS Are 2% Of Our Population But Hold 26% of congress, 33% of the Supreme Court, 60% of the Harvard freshman class.  Jews are a world domination centrist cult no different than the muslim and in fact Mossad in many cases is the alleged Muslim.  They hire, advance, promote, loan, include only their own kind when ever possible and exclude all others and consider them "Controlled".  It is there nature and as effortless for them as you breath.  They own the Not Federal Reserve and have stolen "All" of our wealth caused wars & as of late assisted greatly to make 9/11 possible to the extent they planted the charges Fact!  The BUILDInG Was Demolished Period Via Timed Explosives But I Digress concerning the problem that we all have called the Jew.  Know your Jew.  Reg 2:6  I know those who call themselves jews but are the synagog of Satan."   Jesus knew his Jew. 
 A living traitor that made propaganda to the commies criticizing the best   ever. Another mentally retarded hollywieee!    
  
 	Pisssssssssssssssssssssss bang that the mental gome evil monster cunt  
 If the niggers and moslems are anti christ im da anti nigger sanz  
 Bader dominated Mitrione for a dull 3 rounds. Should win an obvious decision victory.  
 	Those tards are boring. On a high note, I just realized Sergei Kharitonov knocked out Roy Nelson. I used to watch Kharitonov in Pride, I didn't even know he still fought. I remember when he lost to steroid nigger Overeem, then beat him in the rematch. 
 Hmmm. Didn't See This On The News 
 	And he has a fat, ugly, nigger loving mudshark wife. If I was Mike Pence I would get real mad and slap the Bible out of her hand and tell them to get fucking lost.  
 	Missoula recently (last couple years) decided guns are no longer allowed in city limits!  In Montana! 
 		Missoula has been overtaken by shit-hole types at this point.  Nigger creep is going North.  Saw a fat black sow in my local grocery the other day.  Almost lost my appetite. 
 If you were given 10 grapes and told two of them were poison, and you couldn’t tell which two, would you eat any of them? 
 	Without anything to gain from eating them? Hell Mf No! That's a retarded Stupid Question! 
 If you import third world, you become third world. Sad. 
 	All primarily populated by blacks. Of course, Sweden has been destroyed by blacks, as well. They imported the muslims, and 'the Kalergi plan' being to Never actually assimilate or contribute, but rather to destroy the white culture and peoples. Yes, there is a difference between races. If Sweden would keep and actually disclose the accurate numbers for Who is committing all those rapes? Of course we know, without a doubt, that it is the nigger muslims. But Sweden -- just as the Uk -- doesn't 'keep those statistics' . Of course, best of all? Go ahead. Criticize the nigger muslims. Criticize government for betraying people by forcing the nigger muslims in. And end up in jail.  
 	Nigger preys on vulnerable young white girl, she eventually rejects him, she is either raped or tortured then murdered.  Sad she died, perhaps she could have learned from this.  I'm happy he killed himself. 
 Brexit betrayal starts tonight!(17th Oct 2018) Steven Woolfe Mep        Just before the war most of Parliament wanted to surrender to Hitler. The Labour partly were pushing surrender terms   It was Churchill in Parliament who stood up and said we should never surrender   He was mocked just as they are doing  to Boris 
 	woolfe.jew nigger mongrel 
 	Anyone criticizing the Khmer Rouge for going too far must reevaluate when they see what were up against 
 	Anyone criticizing the Khmer Rouge for going too far must reevaluate when they see what were up against 
 Twitter allows the Left to openly call for violence - but citing Fbi crime statistics will get you banned.   That’s okay, there’s one group of people that’s prepared for violence to escalate - and it’s not the group labeling everyone a fascist. 
 		That should be, fairy gay faggot blood everywhere. 
 Lol trolling the mentally retarded is fun ! 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Nice! Dissociation is sometimes necessary, to stop comment spammers. But it is Not blocking, which makes your posts unreadable. 
 		You're probably too young to be a boomer.  If, as your cartoon profile implies, you're female, then you're safe from ever being a faggot, though rug-munching is always a possibility.  I doubt I'll ever be a faggot either. Tried it once 36 years ago, and discovered that I have no sexual interest whatsoever in men. Nothing's changed since then. But humans are intensely malleable creatures. Who knows? 
 why negros be extinct, without gibs? Because negros are literally too fucking retarded to feed themselves. Their too retarded to grow vegetables and shit. Their that slow. 
 A reporter's Hurricane Michael notebook: Finding words to capture the indescribable    
 	Lots of photos from the Florida Panhandle. When I went down there on Wednesday, the mainstream media was more interested in Trump calling Stormy Daniels "Horseface." This was as bad if not worse than Katrina and it was in the news for less than a week 
 			I've been in that area between Panama City and Tallahassee a bunch of times and it is largely White working class Old Florida people who live there 
 				The Redneck Riviera, I spent many spring breaks there.  
 				The Redneck Riviera, I spent many spring breaks there.  
 Enjoy my Bible Verse Art 
 		wrong again, dumb kikesucker 
 Rosie Flies Into A Fury Over Graham Defending Kavanaugh  But Then Real Victims Burn Her At The Stake  via  No body cares what this rotund dyke thinks. 
 	 
 		 
 		Good God.now you asked for it 
 		Good God.now you asked for it 
 ***New Video***   .   Pubs Closing Down in Muslim Areas; James O'Brien Doesn't Care - Lbc   .    
 	He's another fucking twat Remainer shilling for the globalists just like Majid Nawaz 
 All members of Central American caravan now in U.S.  
 			  I have no idea what he thinks his mission is. From what I see, it is mostly sowing doubt. Thought compliance? Well, it is the mark of a leftist to secretly demand conformity of thought while ostensibly encouraging debate. It is the mark of the Right to demand conformity of behavior while encouraging independent thought. I have no problem with someone pondering the issue and asking tough questions. I have a real problem with guys like him discouraging others and undermining their faith in our nation. He isn't asking questions or thinking; he's getting people alarmed with false news that the cause is lost.  Remember, he was telling people to vote the Republicans out of office; I guess he hates everyone.  "Faggot tier shaming" is a good line. I only snapped because I was hit with bullshit replies. You and  are the only guys that actually appear to have put some thought into it.  Frankly, there are a lot of young guys who never had a father and want things to be better and have no idea how to get things done. The cry and curse, and for them, faggot tier shaming seems about on the mark. It's the language they speak. 
 Why the left can't Meme.   
 	Even a communist wouldn't tap dat, Unless they're Angolan. 
 			Female dark triad/Bpd. Weaponized. Victim. But stronk. If you hurt her (by even existing) You are bad and she's gonna gulag you to death. Believe her, and do what she says, Or misogyny. Her religion is hedonistic individualism. Perfectly atomised via Communism into a reflexive, ravenous raw nerve. 
 			Female dark triad/Bpd. Weaponized. Victim. But stronk. If you hurt her (by even existing) You are bad and she's gonna gulag you to death. Believe her, and do what she says, Or misogyny. Her religion is hedonistic individualism. Perfectly atomised via Communism into a reflexive, ravenous raw nerve. 
 Moonbat Harpy Maxine Waters just can't keep the stupid inside. 
 	She'S The Living Definition Of A Fucking Nigger 
 	love of wisdom  
 	Thank you! 
 	The difference between politics and philosophy is the diffrence between the personal and group 
 		no 
 		So politics isn't personal philosophy imposed on society 
 		No 
 		The difference between your head and you ass is a mute point! The real difference is Politics is a Lie and Philosophy is a carefully coded Truth so they don't get killed! 
 	Well, it *might be.* Politics is, after all, the philosophy of governance.  
 	could be political philosophy. 
 A little old, but still relevant. Top 5 Most Violent Obama Quotes Ever.  
 	hateful, fuckin nigger 
 Why do so many people (especially americans) on gab not understand that National Socialism is not communist socialism.    They attack Hitler for being a "socialist savage" and in the same moment still claim that they were not brainwashed by Hollywood etc. when all they do is copy phrases used by exactly those. 
 	Because most people are retarded troglodytes 
 "And just fucking remember, I wear the trousers in this house not you, now get my fucking tea made"   "Talk to me like that again you cunt and you can lick your own pussy, I'll fuck off to my mums"   I love it when I can hear the lesbians next door fighting 
 	  
 	  
  
 	Seeing these retarded immigrants marching into our country with their flag makes me think the Nazis had the right idea with eugenics. 
 Former Nfl Player Justin Crawford Arrested for Having Sex with a 12-Year-Old Girl      If guilty, he should dangle by his dongle. 
 	Cut junk off + insert in mouth + sew lips shut = one less nigger pedo stinking up the planet. 
 Parents Outraged When Drag Queen Visits School for Career Day   
 	And just what career was the faggot promoting? 
 Nazism is another far-left ideology. 
 	so are you you Pos moron Never Trumper 
 		 u must be a troll.  Gary Johnson   What a faggot 
 	How bizarre. I thought they were tired of "old white guys" running the country? Or are they so over that now? :-) 
 	Mere facts cannot alter the opinions of anyone on the Left. It's against their religion. 
 	Mere facts cannot alter the opinions of anyone on the Left. It's against their religion. 
 Every Single witness, including Ford's good friend, all say This Never Happened. 
 	Wow, talk about projection.you really are a clueless cunt aren't you. 
 "The Conners" ratings are a lot lower than "Roseanne "premiere, like 55% lower  
 	This is going to get canceled soon. Abc had a hit on their hands, but their nigger president fired Roseanne over a joke tweet. Shows how butthurt Disney and Abc are. In the old days, you got fined first, then fired if you repeat the offense. 
 then speak in english you fucking retard 
 Seems time for citizen patriots to do what the government won't.  We are due to be invaded by foreign invaders.  This must be stopped.  How to organize the millions of armed minutemen and put them on the border?  I suspect no one would be hurt.seeing a large group of armed men/women with unknown intent, would turn them away.  But, how to bring this off? 
 	Those Wetback Drug Cartel fuckers would send 'em on across the river, anyway - telling them, 'Don't worry. They've never shot anyone yet.' 
 Sharia Law tortures animals for slaughter called "Halal"   
 	Brian Newton     3Score5Posts0Followers1Following   -   Oh look .a brand new hasbarat at Gab.   Back on topic.   Judaic Law tortures animals for slaughter called "Kosher".  Your point being what, exactly? 
 		Sharia Law supports radical islamic terror rein on all infidels including everyone not following their faith 
 			Yeah time for you to go pray at the mosque you sand nigger lover! 
 Pagans are subversive    they care more about pretending to be Harry Potter than whites 
 		Go worship your kike  
 			The Carolyn Emerick camp of paganism, everyone. These are pagans piggybacking on the Alt-Right to promote their bullshit religion 
 				lol we do that  where  
 					You are shitting up the alt right with you faggot ass candle shit 
 I like gallows humor and black comedy, so I thought I'd try a black romance novel, and boy do I feel silly 
 		No, how about read a book 
 		No, how about read a book 
 4/ Then ppl go "Ok, well, we generally agree that Adult porn is Ok for Gab."  But then it's the same thing.  Retards on Gab are like "hee hee, that means I should post porn everywhere, like you're talking about economic policy and then I burst into the room and start showing pictures of women being gangbanged."  Would you do that in real life? 
 		Ok, I see you standing in front of me.  I got it. 
 		you dont recognize yourself?  even chimpanzees can. 
 		Lol, he didn't even understand the post.  That's how low his intelligence is.  Xd 
 		Man id love to punch you in the face to knock some intelligence into you but the aids risk isnt worth it. 
 		So instead you'll just have more anal sex.  Got it. 
 You ain't gonna do shit faggot  
 Fuck off with your premium content faggot 
 It makes you an asshole. 
 	God I wish this faggot would try this with my glorious American flag danglin of my front porch.  
 The Democrats seemed to have accidentally woken up Lindsey Graham from his useless neocon slumber. 
 	Sadly representative of the state of things when this faggot Rino demonstrates more backbone than the rest of the Senate combined. 
 What we are witnessing is not just about the Midterm election.   It's the 3rd stage of Marxist/Lenin doctrine intended to destroy a nation and it is called "Crisis".    
 	They're actually Bolsheviks, but yeah.   
 		Npc faggot 
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		Until the Faggot & Tranny took over the Wh I had No Idea what Left & Right where People would ask me what I was Since I had no idea I just said Middle Thought it was a Safe Area till I learned what it meant 
 	Shoot that animal. 
 	Shoot that animal. 
 					Still here are you? Don't you have a Tory Conference to camp outside of tonight with your mates. Throwing poop all over each other in protest. And she wasn't detesting me 30 minutes after that video was taken laddy ;) 
 							Your word "Pussyboy" doesn't really hold much credibility coming from an anonymous coward hiding away and squeaking at someone who's fully visible and prepared to stand by his words laddy. And let's not forget, it's you and your left wing mates who commissioned the manufacture of pussy hats to wear when Trump won. Bet you look hilarious in yours lol 
 						Why do you throw shit over people? Thats why you have no mates 
 This is called intimidating a witness, and it’s a classic tactic for people who have no other hope of winning a case.   Democrat Leaders are allowed to openly threaten anyone they want to get their way. 
 	She's got nigger privilege.  .you know, because they're so stupid 
 Opinion |  Sophia A. Nelson: Kanye West's historical revisionism isn’t just ignorant  it’s dangerous.  -  
 	Historically, niggers on the plantation have always hated the nigger who decides to leave the plantation  
 	These are not the droids you're looking for  No censor. "Curate" Oh how nice. Curate. Yes curate our thots.  Yes please may we have some more, Sir? Smooth silver tongued devil  Get back on your phone. Zzzzzzz 
 	These are not the droids you're looking for  No censor. "Curate" Oh how nice. Curate. Yes curate our thots.  Yes please may we have some more, Sir? Smooth silver tongued devil  Get back on your phone. Zzzzzzz 
 You have to tell us the word.  
 	I referred to someone who was acting just like a Retard and therefore called them RetardED   next thing I know I'm in  Twit - Mo prison 
 In anticipation of  release, I thought I'd create a poll on Queen's most overlooked/underrated song 
 	lol the guy calling everyone a homophobic slurs, it's great that you can see how stupid people are on here. As Voltaire said "let the bullies and cowards speak aloud and they'll be seen for what they are"  
 		faggot 
 The Gab Nazis are SJWs Irl, which is why they're trying to ruin this platform. If they actually believed any of the retarded shit they said, they'd be making arguments instead of photoshops and other faggotry. They might also be Saudi agents, but they're probably Soros funded; nobody is that stupid for free. 
 Nigger "grandmother" in her 40's stabs 20 month old toddler and parboils her in the oven.    Note the reference to a similar case of child roasting at the bottom of the article. Looks like the nogs' tastes have graduated from ghetto lobster to ghetto brisket. I blame MasterChef.    
 I just googled my local MPs email address, tapped on it & wrote    I said "although I have  voted for you, over the past few years & although I have been happy with your involvement in our community   On principle, I will not be able to vote for you again  if you allow Chequers to get through.   Chequers is Not the Brexit I have waited for, for 20 yrs   I hope you are sympathetic  
 	Brexit was like breath of fresh air to me. Don't give up!  I sailed and drank with Canadians, Aussies, Kiwis and limey or two.  Respected me by offering to test my mettle after a few pints. (almost every time. ;} ) We all need each other! Stay Strong!   
 		Robby -    Thank you for  your support -  it is Most welcome   God bless    
 		Robby -    Thank you for  your support -  it is Most welcome   God bless    
 Everyone should have disconnected from Google when I warned about this two years ago.   Instead you all just keep walking down the slaughter chute, oblivious as retarded cows. 
 They're not voting for her anymore, now that they realize what a twat she is !   
 	Found it.   Though apparently it was JonTron that I said was a faggot. Either way.   Things are actually kind of switched now, I can tolerate JonTron but the other guy is fucking annoying. 
 Spins the Death Star wheel again and it lands on the patriarchy misogynistic history of pockets.   Yes, pockets!        
 	We will get sharia. I much prefer White sharia over muslim.  Can't help but to notice that it was written by a bergstein.  
 		Wigger Sharia   an article refuting White Sharia                  
 You’re a nigger 
  Let the negroes keep their nigger problem to themselves, so that the Americans can be free again. Repatriate the blacks to africa. 
 	He died for the jews. Wear the poppy so you remember that. 
 		I say again, the death wasn't a British soldier he was a mentally retarded civilian, nothing to do with the British Army. You are out of context that is why I object to your post. The allegation that I can't handle free speech is a bit rich from someone with a private account.  
 	Tragic.  
 	Sad!    
 	Sad!    
 My family owned the quarry at Stone Mountain before the Civil War. afterwards when the dust settled, my family was ran off their home place by carpetbagging opportunist. I still have a connection to the land there. If this twat thinks she’s capable of destroying this monument. she has another thing coming.(cont) 
    Apparently the Splc was just 'wishful thinking' when it tried to convince us that Matt Heimbach had forever sworn off politics.and thankfully so. Matt is now the Community Outreach Director for the National Socialist Movement, and he's working on getting his own Nsm-syndicated podcast (and if you've ever listened to 'Action!,' you'd know that Matt has some 𝙨𝙚𝙧𝙞𝙤𝙪𝙨 podcasting chops).   Since his return, Matt's only given two interviews - and I've included direct links to both of those MP3's in this post.   In the YouTube clip I've attached, he discusses working With separatists and nationalists of other races to achieve common goals, the Fbi's very successful White Hate operation, and feds causing infighting & division within nationalist and separatist movements.   Running Time: 2 minutes, 58 seconds.   𝐌𝐏𝟑 - 𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐭 𝐨𝐧 𝐍𝐒𝐌 𝐖𝐞𝐞𝐤𝐞𝐧𝐝:      𝐌𝐏𝟑 - 𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐭'𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐞𝐰 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 @𝐀𝐥𝐭𝐑𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐓𝐚𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐞 :     [[ YouTube link =  ]]   𝐋𝐢𝐧𝐤 𝐭𝐨 𝐚𝐥𝐥 𝐞𝐩𝐢𝐬𝐨𝐝𝐞𝐬 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐭 𝐚𝐧𝐝 @𝐓𝐨𝐧𝐲𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐫 '𝐀𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧!' 𝐩𝐨𝐝𝐜𝐚𝐬𝐭 (hands down one of the best alt right podcasts to ever be produced):     𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐭'𝐬 𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐨𝐧 𝐣𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐍𝐒𝐌:                  @a                   
 	" working With separatists and nationalists of other races to achieve common goals" Trash. 
 		Yeah and Glr also said it's too late for that. "try to explain to the charging bull nigger how he’ll be better off amongst his own people without getting free shit from you, like the dumb fucking thing can even understand what you’re saying or cares."  
 Libs candidate deserves to win in a Landslide, as the Former Cunt has shown his colours of evil son of Alp whore, he should join the Alp commies   ungrateful sob, coal power stations you evil cunt that is what got you Out twice you creepy Bastard 
 Sweden introduces amnesty for hand grenades to reduce the number of illegal explosive materials    
 	They should get rid of them by throwing them in the center of a muzzie crowd. Two birds with one stone. 
 Russia is going through an Orthodox Christian revival. Can't say I am a big fan of the Cross cultists but maybe we need another revival like we had in the 50s to counter-act the insanity of the leftists 
 	I am an atheist and it pisses me off how much they shit on Christians.  What makes it worse is they bend over backwards to promote muzzie murder cult rapists.   
 Bette Midler Apologizes for Tweeting ‘Women Are the N-Word of the World’    
 	Amazing how Jews can drop the Nigger bomb and careers remain unaffected. 
 How about you get fucked nigger faggot 
 Cry more cunt 
 No you won't "little stupid girl".    Even if you make it to congress, that's not going to happen. 
 		Oh yeah she looks normal and level headed . still waiting for the day when she both looks and sound normal . can someone have a portable Tv placed in my grave?  
 		Oh yeah she looks normal and level headed . still waiting for the day when she both looks and sound normal . can someone have a portable Tv placed in my grave?  
 I can’t believe that the msm is still pushing this stupid meme: 
 	Just like every wanna-be wigger in the 90's was a member of a gang, when they flashed.  If it's even a pro-White thing, it belongs to the Rainbow Flag equivalents. 
 Third  action for you folks:  insurance/whatever they do-   They don't seem to be airing the commercial anymore of a decent-looking white cunt & her nigger boyfriend (husband, supposedly, but I don't acknowledge such pairings), both supposedly Corps, playing w their nasty mocha kids. No matter- it's out there. Fuck their service, traitors-! 
 Daft bitch trying to hide the fact that it's a fucking collage maker.  God she's fucking retarded 
 	Urgh. What a fucking surprise. He's wearing the satanic pentagram. 
 	Urgh. What a fucking surprise. He's wearing the satanic pentagram. 
 Very unusual for  to delete a video. Did anyone download it? 
 	So what did she do to her boyfriend? 
 		Wait, so what did she do to her boyfriend? Can you give me the basic rundown so I don't have to watch this nigger bitch screech for an hour? 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	Teach them not to lie to destroy a decent man! If you teach them Truth and Integrity, maybe they will grow up to be decent people and Not retarded Far Left Pos. 
  
 	The only thing worse than a Christkiller is a redneck biblethumping cunt.Ur muted 
 	Karl you need to repent of all of your sins and live for Jesus,, you will be a lot happier then living for the world and satan 
 	I'm a true Christian, and you?  I notice you're quoting from the book of "I think", I don't have that in my Bible. Here's something for you though.  
 	I'm a true Christian, and you?  I notice you're quoting from the book of "I think", I don't have that in my Bible. Here's something for you though.  
 1941   September Luxembourg, German occupation authorities introduce the Nuremberg Laws, followed by several other anti-Jewish ordinances including an order for all Jews to wear a yellow star with the word "Jude". 
 	50 repetitive posts in a row. I never mute anyone except for spam. That's spam. 
 		Spam is Jews pretending (((they’re))) white and sabotaging the hopes and dreams of whites.  
 			No, spam is repetitive posts, drowning out Free Speech. Not something you don't happen to like.   Please, don't tell people you are white, it makes us all look like ignorant genetic filth. 
 					Ok. 
 						So afraid of free speech, but pretends to advocate it.  
 						So afraid of free speech, but pretends to advocate it.  
 Fuckwit Nazi cunt blames Jews for Islam and Hamas terrorists, Al Qaeda and Isis - you fucking idiot 
  
 		I'd rather sleep with a nigger than sleep with human garbage like you.  You're nothing but a little bitch 
 Hollywood always has Opinions.  Behind walls.  With armed security.  Completely detached from the real world. 
 	cunt 
 Yea, they don't fake space and misguide little children, do they? 
 	F'n Flame up some retarded hot dog rockets.        Throw another one on the Barbie.      Neil and Buzz actually landed on the moon. One thing, I do know.   F'n commie bastards nowadays couldn't take a shit in a paper sack and walk backwards with out thier boots turning brown. 
 Diversity is why Nigger ball chasers kneel for the anthem, it's why Niggers riot when one of their criminal kin folk gets shot or arrested, it's why Niggers loot during a crisis. Diversity is why our heroes monuments and our heritage is constantly attacked and they lay a guilt trip on Whites for being White. No,you can keep your diversity nonsense! 
 Here, I fixed it for you, with the real Q, . 
 	Wow, no likes or shares. Maybe  will think it's funny. 
 		Well, it's not exactly difficult, and hardly clever, that took about 2 minutes. If I wanted to make it look real, I'd tone down the saturation in the Chipster part, etc. Just wanted to show how retarded the Q (pedophile) one was. That one was really botched. 
 		Well, it's not exactly difficult, and hardly clever, that took about 2 minutes. If I wanted to make it look real, I'd tone down the saturation in the Chipster part, etc. Just wanted to show how retarded the Q (pedophile) one was. That one was really botched. 
 When President Trump went to China, General Kelly had to physically fight off a Chinaman who tried to take our nuclear football from him.    
 	Yes, I know that the word Chinaman is taboo but that is like me being insulted if someone calls me an American. Get over it. 
 	Yes, I know that the word Chinaman is taboo but that is like me being insulted if someone calls me an American. Get over it. 
 Not really sure what he is.  Edit: it is an American Oil Beetle, thanks  
 	A nigger bug 
 	I’m glad you admit you’re a centrist, bugman. 
 		Centre-right. Current Tories are pretty much centrist. I float towards Ukip and For Britain. What we call a Far Right Nazi fascist waaacist here :) 
 			Since you aren’t very bright, I’ll explain how I mockingly called you right-wing, which you denied, then within two posts admitted you support what passes for de facto right-wing on cuck island. 
 				We established yesterday that NatSoc's average Iq is that of Koko the Gorilla. And yes, what "passes" for de facto right-wing idiot. The Only people who call Ukip and For Britain right-wing are mentally ill socialists. Want a banana? :) 
 						What is posting my funny pic meant to achieve for you blokey? Let's have a good look at you then. That should be a laugh lol 
 							You’re a best selling author Joe. You shouldn’t have to hide behind absurd photoshops. Be proud of your Hiv. 
 								Lol What photoshop? That's me ya lunatic. Let's have a look at you then. No? :) 
 										Oh that one you nutter. I thought we were talking about the one of me you posted. No pic of you then lover?  
 The faggot betamale pozholes strike again! This woman was a voice actress who got fired & her twatter account deleted because of this. seriously, fuck twitter  
 Cassocked crusader says "we need to protect children". Eh? Who's "we"? Her and  mates presumably . Not their parents, whose rights she dismisses (along with states' and religious rights). Imagine what she'd be like with real power!   
 	Her cross is the wrong way around. 
 		1984. String this big nose cunt up from a lamp post 
 For King Day somebody could make a flyer to tape on a window over their closed for King Day sign with a better message : Closed For National Nigger Day.Because the Jews made us. 
 And when someone decides not to play your little game, and instead calls you the fucking retard you are, and shows you things you don't like, you cry and snitch and bitch and troll like a sniveling little cunt.  Faggot.  Snitch. 
  What is it we always said? Growing up is realizing Bill the Butcher was the good guy.     Not that I think McInnes is /ourgoy/ by any means, but still. At this point.we need All the factions of the right to truly unite under one banner. it may actually happen this time. 
 	You misspelled Faggot McInnes**  
 5th October 1974 the Ira murdered Ann Hamilton, 19. Off duty soldier in 4th week of basic training, Women's Royal Army Corps. 1 of 5 murdered in Horse & Groom pub, Guildford. No warning bomb killed 4 off duty soldiers & civilian. Kung Fu Fighting playing when exploded 20:50 Guildford is in Surrey S.England.    
 	300,000 Irish were put into slavery as political prisoners by England. The occupation of Ireland was brutal, and yet you bitch that the Irish have the balls to resist and fight back?   Worthless Boomer Limey Cuck  
 		A force aka Cause and effect.  Limey supremists call those that resist occupation terrorists. rather than those that are the occupiers. Talmudic like.  
 		A force aka Cause and effect.  Limey supremists call those that resist occupation terrorists. rather than those that are the occupiers. Talmudic like.  
 I'm not saying it'd be the right thing to do, but if Mr. Torba did boot every one of you shiteating nazis off his site, I sure wouldn't blame him either. 
 	There are no Nazi's on this site. Just people aware that the mentally ill tribe of Ashkenazi's which are in reality actually from southern Europe with0 connection to  are trying to exterminate them. 
 		Go play kick the can somewhere else if thats the best you can come up with because you know damn well the Warren Commission was a coverup.Back and to the left retarded boomer faggot. 
 Outrage as High School Band Halftime Show Depicts Police Being Shot    
 	Poor little nigger boys need to be noticed to get pity again from the population,it seems more like a threat to law enforcement. 
 Just got myself put in FakeBook Jail for posting a meme that says "Fuck Islam- the only good muzzie is a dead muzzie".  FakeBook says it . Hmmm, I don't see it that way. 
 Don'T Mudshark !   Nigger Killed That White Track Athlete From Utah When She Spurned Him Finding Out He Lied To HeR ABOut Being In Jail !   It Isn'T Worth Death For Nigger Cock ! 
 Please keep posting about Keith Ellison since media keeps ignoring it     
 	I am also a nigger and a Muslim so the modern democrats will give me a medal! 
 True enough   But then a mere 0.2% ruling the world. is pretty fucking far fetched 
 		What do do think the % is now, Jay? 
 		All founded, controlled by, or owned by jews:   The Federal Reserve, the Msm, education, Hollywood and the porn industry.   Most of The Deep State. e.g, Ford was surrounded by jews before, during & after her testimony.   Google, Facebook, Tinder, Instagram.   Brussels, the Eu, Imf, Anti-Brexit,    Antifa, Neoconservatism.   Rothschilds banking dynasty, Soros, 
 The jews never question why everybody hates them.It must be devastating to find out that one's blood is tainted with yidicitis.better to be part nigger like harry's bitch 
 Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch.   Stop infighting.    We must unite against our foe. 
 	breaking news to gab Nazi . the war is over and you lost . go back home to Germany . 
 		 
 			Every Fb/Twitter alternative seems to have its racists rampant.why is that?  Fb/Twitter must be the havens of the politically correct.  
 				No, racist is a very common word referring to those who would make distinctions, etc. based on the False, Illogical concept of "race".  There's no such thing, folks.  Refer to science.  
 					Then why are there Dna tests? Why is there affirmative action? Why are there separate Iq tests based upon race?    Jew is a race. Germans knew. 
 						No, "race" is found after many many iterations of Dna sampling to be a false construct.  Sorry, gal.  
 							How retarded can someone be to not notice that there are different races?  Obviously only a mentally insane lefty could come up with "there are no races."  If race is just a construct then why are there whites, Blacks, Asians etc?  Of course these are Facts so I don't expect you to understand this!  
  
 	Don Lemon laughing his head off when anther black says this happens when negros don't read So i called Don Lemon a fucking dumb ass nigger and got my account features limited straight away on Twitter 
 I'm not done with you! You cannot judge somebody based on their Dna structure. Because if you do you become the worst things that we've ever imagined, I'm doing you a favor by stopping you now 
 	You might be the biggest retard on gab.  Why can't I judge someone based on their Dna? I know for a fact that I'll never see a 180+ Iq negroid because of Dna. Why is it arbitrary?  
 Was watching new show "Fbi" the other evening.  Not bad but it is the perfect example of current year Sjw. "Strong female lead" (gag me), and a Muzzie for a partner. They even do fat pride, accidently, I think. See, the lead chick has an oversized rhino ass (and she's not black), the Muzzie guy is over weight too (and literally knock-kneed). Then there was a raid with tactical guys. I swear that nearly all of them had well-tended beer guts! Wtf? Swat and related tactical guys are usually the fittest guys in the bunch but These guys were chubbos. 
  
 	What brought that up? Hun ? 
 		I got it. I was goughing the black cunt 
 Candace Owens: Chris Evans ‘Basically Called Kanye a Dumb Ni**er’ over His Trump Support    Chris Evans thinks he is better than you if you aren't a communist cunt like he is. Makes me sick that he plays Captain America, really sickening.   Everyone should chime in on Chris Evan's post where he talks down to Kanye. These Hollywood Frauds really need to go away. I would love to see all of the bankrupted and end up on the street, that would be rather fitting for communist douchebags like Mr. Steroid Face here.    
 Protester demands that Gop Senator  "apologize to my children for ruining their futures.   Cassidy looks at the kids: Guess what? Your parents are using you as tools. In the future if somebody makes an allegation against you & there’s no proof for it, you'll be Ok."    
 	Wetbacks don't understand the U.S. Constitution because their disrespect for this country has been encouraged.  The wetback shouted about the lack of due process, showing she clearly doesn't understand that Brett Kavanaugh was cheated out of that 36 years ago. 
 Hey Nazi’s, you know hitler didn’t believe in the second amendment, right ? So, have you given up your arms yet, and are you ready to be under state owned enslavement ? Both of these guys were selling an absolute lie, from which they, their friends, and comrades benefited greatly ! 
 		Sure it is Stan, lol ! 
 		Sure it is Stan, lol ! 
 Taxpayers will fund 2million-a-year bill to protect and monitor Islamist hate preacher Anjem Choudary, 51, when he is released from prison this week   Wtf, the governments on drugs     
 	That cocksucker should have had lead poisoning 25 years ago. fuck that nigger muzzy scum sucking bastard. 
 Sinn Fein/Ira accuse Army of being main protagonist in "the troubles." What do the Facts say? Republican terrorists caused 60% of deaths, Army caused 10%. See proof in article. Sinn Fein is on a rewriting history campaign. I will be the first to admit not every soldier was a "plaster saint" but the normal squaddy tried to do a shit job as best he could.    
 	No British army in Ireland no Ira very simple the army was to blame . 
 		Muted can't be bothered with a twat 
 All cops would gladly hand their families over to nigger rape squads if their affirmative action muslim tranny faggot chief ordered them to 
 Hillbilly Moon Explosion - My Love Forever More  (ft. Sparky from Demented are go)     
 		kikesucker faggot english 
 		A nigger faggot by far. 
 Thats most definitely a brutal whack ass sequence he developed there sanz almost like the work of a retarded butcher sanz  
 Thats most definitely a brutal whack ass sequence he developed there sanz almost like the work of a retarded butcher sanz  
 	A faggot is a bundle of sticks. It is rumored that homosexuals were used to get the "fires going" when they burned witches at the stake. True or not true I do not know. It would explain a lot though. 
 Should Have Shot Him ! Video: Pro-Abortion Activist Roundhouse Kicks a Young Pro-Life Woman in the Face    via  
 	Faggot looking brother fucking asshole let me talk to him! 
 Nigger News: Nigger with both Nigerian and British citizenship claims he's a Jew too - so he can hide out in Israel. Apparently, they bought it. He's been busy starting civil wars in Nigeria.   
 I 'dream' and have visions so imagine my surprise when I dreamt of Us Mil at the southern border, barbed wire fence (the big round on the ground type) and even 1 runner being shot and this was the night before Trump said he would send the Military if the caravan wasn't stopped.   They are now camping on a bridge from Guatemala to Mexico.        Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: The list is getting lengthy and if you don't have a Pro account you can't hit the star and favourite an account/Gabber so I've created a topic which you can do that to.  There is space for a couple more adds to this list.  Thank you all so much.                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                               @smileyshelly                              
 	I bet a lot of Americans do not think that a actual street nigger war will break out!  It is nothing for truck loads of armed savages pulling up into a suburb and ripping and raping whites right out of their houses while Nobody does nothing!  Get Ready to Get It On! 
 	Libs get triggered by nearly everything, watching them flip out is an almost daily occurrence, there's absolutely no need to dig this shit back up just for that. Even people who were part of Gg don't want this. MundaneCuck and Soygoy are just desperate to try to rejuvenate their "careers." 
 	Libs get triggered by nearly everything, watching them flip out is an almost daily occurrence, there's absolutely no need to dig this shit back up just for that. Even people who were part of Gg don't want this. MundaneCuck and Soygoy are just desperate to try to rejuvenate their "careers." 
 That's right.Give the nigger an inch and they'll be raping our wives and daughters. 
 	He's there to make the other common taters look more conservative . 
 		And I don’t even know why they have Juan Williams on there that never Trump animal 
 		Someday Jesse Watters is just gonna snap and deck him one of these days. 
 	 
 	 
 John Bolton is the perfect person to deal with Putin.  Putin knows he isn't fucking around . 
 	Putin will have the idiot for breakfast 
 		Silly Russians, think they're winning when they're losing. 
 			The Russians won WW11.not us.Now the have a fine White Army.not a bunchn of spic and nigger mongrels 
 Nancy Pelosi: Trump tax returns "one of the first things we’d do" if Dems win House      
 	and that does what, exactly, for the american people? stupid evil cunt   
 	Hello Emily ,where is your pretty face  
 	Hello Emily ,where is your pretty face  
 faggot 
 No way in hell would I do this to any cat! 
 	Why would anyone do this to a kitty unless they were insanely full of themself! This isn't beauty in any way, except this kitty is beautiful galore & certainly undeserved of this! So I take it some yo yo fool did this for "entertainment?" Rather despicable!  
 		I'd say that the kitty would be quite beautiful without all this bullshit done to it, makes me worried that all that coloring might have some toxicity towards cats. Regardless of that, it's a retarded idea and the person that did this has to be mentally unhinged. 
 		I'd say that the kitty would be quite beautiful without all this bullshit done to it, makes me worried that all that coloring might have some toxicity towards cats. Regardless of that, it's a retarded idea and the person that did this has to be mentally unhinged. 
 I'm telling ya, get video working, add "tips", ignore those "block" faggot demands, and you'll explode this shit. 
 Trump is absolutely ruined the liberal elite and retarded fake news.Potus Is A Legend 
      I have muted you even though I agree with you because I detest the use of that c word   You should try to be less vulgar. 
 	You get the "dumbest cunt of the day" award. 
 We  Won't  Allow  Mental  Illness  To  Be  Enshrined  In  Law    I swear, all that's missing from Op is a clap emoji after every word.     The sexual binary is . You can't chop off your chromosomes, no matter how much genital mutilation you subject yourselves to, you absolute pillocks.     
 	the faggot shit is one thing. I mean not my flavor, but fuck who you want. you still shouldn't be a boy scout troop leader, but you aren't a complete waste.   these tranny MFers though? Something is bad fucked up with them. Our nations kids shouldn't even know what a tranny is, much less have it pop on national news as a thing. 
 Good morning Brit Fam  
 	Look at this Scottish women. The old Scotts looked just like that. What a great representation of a European. 
 		I thought she was Puerto Rican?  
 					When people see you what do they think you are? 
 						Correct what you nigger lover 
 I am getting tired of #Q and his  Boom Boom and his "Enjoy the Show".  I am not enjoying it at all.  I need to see our camp win and win big quick.  was nothing but an ordeal.  I want Arrests now !   
 	The  os for the . Where goes one retard goes them all 
 Frauds 
 		The "i am a attention whore" could be applied to all of them, really. 
 		thats true but it still fits 
 		thats true but it still fits 
 Fake fuck faggot Nazi agenda account says what? 
       another couple oldies being recycled and repurposed 
 	Don't confuse the Jew with an Npc. 
 		 don't confuse posting on my pics with me caring about your opinions 
 			No need to get pissy princess. 
 				No need to scream about fucking jews 24/7 dipshit, God forbid another meme get in the way of letting someone get Woke On The Jq - on Gab no less, pure brainlet. 
 					>Be on Gab   >Make AltRight Memes   >Can't handle other opinions   Yeah ok. 
 						"can't handle other opinions" you have the intellect of a cheesburger wrapper, we all already know about jews you retarded simpleton. Go shit up someone else's timeline you basic faggot 
  Fbi PED0 dies right before testify   Fbi Agent who worked computer crimes works out a plea deal for Child Sexual abuse,  & is suddenly found dead of suicide.         
 	What? Where was that in the news!   Holy smokes 
 			Arghhhh blood boiling 
 			Rip 
 			Rip 
 		Damn this nigger never fails to make me laugh  
 The Packers have gone downhill along with the rest of the Nfl and the nigger kneelers 
 Embarrassing 4 All Parties Concerned Hunter  U Humiliate Yourself Live On Tv moron  many fucking times, enjoy your stupid fuckng buks,  being fuking abased, as a fool searches through them  trying to find, Why U Fuking Did It Cunt   A Good Name, Ill Reliev U Of It Fuk 
 Truth bomb 
 		blah blah faggot 
 In Nyt Op-Ed, George Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages  
 	this Jew cuck faggot needs to fuck a nigger and die of Aids 
 Newsome is a fucking nutcase. Someone should do what that cunt teacher said about our justice Kavanaugh. He will totally destroy California if he wins, it’s pretty much damaged beyond repair now! 
 Nfl Player Who Refuses To Stand For Anthem Is Now Starting Problems For Bizarre Reason [Video]      
 	Who cares about the Nigger Felon League  
 *faggot faggot 
 Joe Biden: "I'm here to tell you that once again we need your energy. Once again, we need your leadership. Once again, we need your renewed commitment to civil rights and civil justice."   
 	What a Cunt how dare he talk about civil rights and Civil Justice when his party is the party of the Mob and mob rule and his voters and the left have done nothing but burn and smash America. 
 Rt :    Breaking: White Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of 2nd-degree murder in the shooting death of black teen Laquan McDonald in Oct. 2014.  
 Rt :    Breaking: White Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of 2nd-degree murder in the shooting death of black teen Laquan McDonald in Oct. 2014.  
    it is all political 
 	unless the blonde is retarded this isn't even a contest. nothing feminine about horse face there  
 fuck the  conners they are a american Obama nation!  dont watch show boycott faggot democrats and small veiws of America society  
 He Put His Boot Not Only On THe Neck Of THe People 
 		True.  Female loves black and wants to plunge the universe into chaos and destroy the definitive lines separating each Color created by Creator.  Thousands of years of the chance to evolve into something Higher, yet the nigger still lives in shit and wants to spread its shit everywhere.  If Creator wanted to bless Africa with wisdom, He would have done so. 
 So, this don lemon house nigger extraordinaire, literally sucks a shit covered big white dick every night and he wants to call kangye west an uncle Tom?  
 Democrats Outline Priorities When They Take Congress: Protect Illegals, Gun Control, Investigate Kavanaugh And Russia, Impeach Trump  This sounds like a nightmare. How can people support this crap? Democrats announced they will fight to protect illegals, pass gun control, investigate Justice Kavanaugh and launch several Russia probes when they take Congress in November. Democrats believe this is what America wants from their gover   via  
 		I'm with you! 
 		I'm with you! 
 Okay, faggot nigger. I got my definitions,  too. 
 Guy looked like some kinda spic to me 
 			Here in Nm we call that a cunt punt! 
 Sign the petition to end social media censorship.   I'll make a video about this tomorrow:        
 	We haven't even received 500 signatures on this petition since my video a little over 12 hours ago.     can you get Trs to push this whitehouse.gov petition to stop jew censorship of the goyim?      
 		why write legislation to fix a problem that the free market is already fixing? Give the government the ability to police language on social media and the government will legislate in their interests, not the interests of those using that social media. 
 			 The 1st doesn't give the government the authority to regulate speech in a private forum and if you're willing to sacrifice the ability to advocate violence so you can use naughty words then you're a credulous retard and our freedom of speech needs to be protected from you. 
 Antifa got beat up tonight by the Proud Boys in Nyc   
 	The faggot tears here are priceless. Whatever you think of the Proud Boys at least they aren't afraid to defend themselves against antifa faggots. 
 It’s always entertaining when they eat each other alive over complete nonsense. 
 	A world without whites is a world without conflict lol. 
 		so all those tribal conflicts by pure blood black tribes that raided each other for the "First Fucking Slaves" zulu warriors come to mind but hey believe what you want faggot your belief in no way changes the truth of history  
 No it's not! You're fucking retarded! I dare you to fucking site me the law where anti-Semitism is against the law. I can call you a nigger, kike, chink, spic, and there's nothing you can fucking do about it. Every retard just like you, needs to fucking burn! 
 Simply replying to rape allegations from one of your mates. You socialists are always doing this. Kavanagh, now me lol 
 	Wow you do think you even have any similar worth as Kavanaugh? What a self entitled piece of shit. 
 			Explain to me why these same women who beleive Ms Ford.   Dont beleive the young girls who were gang raped by Muslim Men    
 				All this is nothing to do with guilt or innocence. It's about creating doubt before one of Trump's appointees is confirmed. It could have been anyone. They won't want a court case where it would undoubtable be kicked out due to lack of evidence. 
 					I know that. Just pointing out the hypocrisy and double standards. The only standards the left have 
 						There are more and more people that are saying that all the madness happening today has more to do with class rather than race. You have all the bourgeois middle class socialists creating the divisive race agenda where the whites are the oppressors and everyone has to rise up and fight them  
 			you mean like what Pelosi says here?   
 			you mean like what Pelosi says here?   
 	Spread this like wildfire! Make this go viral! 
 			Why do you even have an account here if you think that? Typical troll.  
 			you fish where the fish are dummy  
 			The more you talk, the more you prove how stupid you are. 
 			 Hey dumbass. For someone who hates Gab, you sure are helping the website grow by joining it! Xd  
 			that or we're just tracking and reporting your posts to federal authorities. what was that dumbass?  
 			yes if only I could be genius enough like you to quote Mark Twain  
 			I don't need to. I just screenshot the stuff and send it to law enforcement and let me deal with it. doesn't bother me that they put their ignorance on display for the world to see  
 Texas Senate race now costliest in Us history, as Beto rakes in $$ despite trailing Cruz  
 	beta faggot who wears dresses and is a thief is the perfect dnc candidate 
 	 yes sir, went this morning.  
 	 of course silly! 
 	Just goes to show that he is spineless.  He needs to engineer a 'night of the long knives' to purge the judges, then he can get what he wants passed.  We know the judges are traitors and not even American (many Chinese or Jews).  I'm not sure that Trump wants to win though 
 	Martial law works if he has the stones to declare a state of. Habeus Corpus and the right to due process is suspended. He can also call up and federalize the national Guard in any state removing them from the state's control. Just a thought 
 	Martial law works if he has the stones to declare a state of. Habeus Corpus and the right to due process is suspended. He can also call up and federalize the national Guard in any state removing them from the state's control. Just a thought 
 Welp, Robert O'Rourke has Los Angeles county in the bag so it’s like pretty much over for Cruz: 
 	Look, a nigger on the Dnc plantation going to work to entertain his masters by running around a dance floor and throwing a ball into a hoop like a trained gorilla. 
 I'm thinking Wictor (W is the German V and this faggot doesn't say his name as "Victor" as he would if he supported its German roots) is a spy or shill.   Et tu, Emannuel? 
 De big man has spoken!  He noes dae way! 
 	Is the Bbc Pidgin site . with its Africanized baby talk.racist?     
 		nigger English for people to black to understand real english 
 She let's her boyfriend try a sanitary pad to understand how it feels to have menstruation.     This was on Swedish public service tv. With people behind the project "Menstruation certification of workplaces".    No joke. This is Sweden now.     
 	i actually watched this video because i was curious. spoiler -- i don't understand a word, and it's still fucking dumb.  
 		I doubt knowing what they speak of would make much difference, the idea itself is still fucking retarded. It's like the dumb cunt forgot everything she learned in school about biology. It's like women who don't understand why men don't sit like they themselves do, It's almost like men and women are different on a biological level. 
 		I Can'T Believe The Public Is So Blind And Oblivious To THIs Woman'S Arrogance, Evil And "DIsMIsSIVE Of Everyone Nature", It'S Simply ASToNIsHInG How THIs Megalomaniacal Cunt Still SLItheRS Around In SoCIETY! 
 Bowling alley worker brutally beaten with ball after telling group to leave.  
 	Bunch of retarded thugs. 
  
 	Without niggers and spic the Us would be purple. 
 	He's been found, and fired! Good work!   
 	He's been found, and fired! Good work!   
 I'd have to agree. 
 		Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 Western governments are the biggest abusers of human rights in the world. That is if you treat the concept properly and not consider promiscuity, sexual perversions and all sorts of kinky fetishes as human right but stick to things like education, housing, decent wages, freedom of religion, protection of traditional family and marriage. 
 	You are a retarded liberal moron. Housing is a human right? So the gov't will force contractors to build home for free? Who pays for the materials? Labor? God you liberals are fucking stupid. 
 You've spammed this 50 times you faggot kike.  
 Yep. Schumer Is A Sniveling Jew Fk, And Needs Destroyed By HIs Real Crimes. Just Like That Other Jew COMMUNIsT Cunt Feinstein. Both Are Just Pigs.  
 			Im all about the learning , save me the time and post a link to what youre talking about please 
 					So you question her judicial competance based on her humanity ? 
 						No, I question her judicial Impartiality based on her personal misgiven Ideals. 
 							Well i hate to break it you but that is about the most groundless accusation ever proffered.    Good luck convincing any semi intelligent person that her judicial competance is questionable based her compassion for children.   if you have any knowledge of wrongdoing im all in otherwise we are done here 
 								And I hate to break it to you that your own personal bias has just created the most groundless defense ever offered. There are many that believe just as I do, and quite frankly, we have already proven we are far more intelligent than you. She has no compassion for children, moron. And yes, we are done here, permanently. 
 					Get Out Of The New SOutHERN Conservatives States, To Recreate A New American Revolution Like The Amish In Pennsylvania Or The Utat, Salt Lake City, With A Larg Part Of MOrMONS ! Jeovah, SCIENToLOGIST Like ToM Cruise, Get Out ! 
 another wigger like frazier glenn miller went on a shooting spree.smh 
 				more than twice as bad, accordin to my crackulashuns 
 				 
 				2 gay niggers?  
 @a. We give them to both. 
 		Dickhead. 
 		My dick has both a head and a foreskin. Child genital mutilation is horrific. 
 		My dick has both a head and a foreskin. Child genital mutilation is horrific. 
 Blacks are all experts on racism. Could it be because many of them are vile racists themselves? Sadly, they are not experts on the English language.   *diminish 
 	whites aren't raised to be racist. it comes from their unfortunate encounters with disgusting feral nigger savages. Niggers on the other hand are raised from birth to hate duh white debil 
      
 	The slave trade was monopolized by Jews. 
 		you are now their slave.whites are cheaper than a nigger slave now.lol 
 whites lost their soul decades ago that's why so many young whites have embraced nigger culture and music.there is no such a thing anymore as "white culture" they sold their soul to the devil of comfort and affluence 
 	I’m really in your head, aren’t I 
 		 would be a good bull for you.  You seem like a catcher.  I wish you two the best faggots.  See you in the streets. 
 Rt :    Straight-A Student, 21, kidnapped, raped and murdered by South African gang  
 	The comments here are definitely something else. Anyways, towards the story, why would anyone go to South Africa? It's under the rule of a genicidal communist party. That's just an insane idea. 
 		A 21 year old, white girl was gang raped and then had her head bashed in with a rock by four African savages, and you're upset about fucking comments? Does the word nigger upset you more than white girls being brutally raped and murdered by blacks? Sickening. 
 Faggot illiterate hipsters are buying sets of books by color. They don't even care what's written in them or the title    . 
 Big if true.   Very Big by the looks. 
 	as if that nasally little faggot has a girlfriend,  cunts got pillowbiter written all over him. 
 Definitely a big improvement in terms of dialogue - and in the spirit of fairness, we Have time and time again seen Gab get persecuted for content that's everywhere on Twitter (porn, "violent" memes etc).   Legal gray areas being banned for now is tolerable as long as we can rest assured that Us free speech laws, not admin Feelings, determine what's legal here. 
 	I also think it's False Equivalence to claim that a Loli ban makes Gab just as bad as Twitter. If Gab banned all hentai, porn and nudity that would ring true, but as things stand Gab's falling somewhat short of the Free Speech ideal, but is still far better than its Big Tech competition.   Hell, even 4chan has had more big Censorship scandals in recent years. 
 		I'd say Gab is comparable to the Us itself when it comes to free speech - flawed, doesn't quite live up to its promise of Freedom - but still Way better than the likes of Europe and Canada, let alone the non-Western world.   Also, Big Tech wants to reduce White men to nigger status (complete with public media lynchings over false rape accusations), so there's that. 
 		I'd say Gab is comparable to the Us itself when it comes to free speech - flawed, doesn't quite live up to its promise of Freedom - but still Way better than the likes of Europe and Canada, let alone the non-Western world.   Also, Big Tech wants to reduce White men to nigger status (complete with public media lynchings over false rape accusations), so there's that. 
  
 	I reposted because I'd rather be called Racist than Scared. 
 		"What if someone calls you a Faggot for doing that?" Tell your faggot friend that I don't care what somebody calls me. 
 Something doesn't seem correct here. 
 		 
 			Kikes & their pets try to corrupt Odinism/Asatru & other White forms of spirituality. They pretend blood (ancestral) & soil spirituality can be for everyone just like is the case for the universalist/egalitarian Abrahamic (kikey) religions of christ-insanity & Islam.  
 				Christ-insanity was corrupt/perverse/alien/universal/egalitarian from the get go. Odinism/Asatru etc. never were. Never can be such.  They are by & for Whites, while christ-insanity is kike created to weaken us. It's supposed "holy" lands are in the Middle East Semite deserts Not Europe. Btw I have no god(s) belief (atheist).  
 			There are people that pervert/corrupt Odinism/Asatru. You can find a few of their leaders spouting universalist/egalitarian garbage. However, virtually All christ-insanity leaders spout that crap & worse (suicidal stuff). It's in their bible. Required teaching-Not a corruption of it.  
 				Then Faith is being illegalized. 
 			Disgusting pagan venom. 
 			Disgusting pagan venom. 
 	2nd Amendment says nothing about ex-convicts or lunatics like you. 
 		fuck off nigger 
 these fucks have no shame    
 	Martin Cizmar=Another Jewish Cunt Causing Problems, So Typical! 
 Y'all know I'm a southern woman with a big mouth & attitude.   But let me talk to my southern ppl a minute.   Y'all that live in the rural south may not see the Muslim influence in America. It's not in my town but honey, it's here. This is where we need to listen to the Yankees a bit. They have it more in their face. Other states too but I'm talkin North/South here.    It's real Southerners & it's in their schools. Liberals & Muslims are running the larger City schools.    All I am saying is, don't think it won't reach you if not stopped!    The "good ole boys" need to get your guns ready. It will reach you if not stopped from growing.    That's it. I'm done. Thanks. 
 		Islam is stupid and inherently imperialistic. However, in the modern world our muslim problem has been self-inflicted and self-induced. We created, armed, and deployed the Muzzie terrorists. We created the Mujaheddin, Al quaeda, and Isis. 
 	Gd Lrd Hunter, evry1 els ws busily plotting my murder untl u wre foolish enuf 2 giv dem a much more fun target enjoy the nxt few sconds b4 the grnades explode moron Both Mtaphriclly & Figuratively Now Die idiot  Figurateively Now.                                Idiot.  thank you, I will steal the name idiot  fcking use an abase it at this point u pul diz hell retard  *ring* *ring* *ring*  Fuking Moron 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Yea, here's the scoop.  Fake News! "We told you after we saw the Fonz and Mister T death hoaxes, we were on the lookout for newly-dead celebrities leaving their fortunes - in part or in full - to Trump-related campaigns or foundations. Here's a new one - this time they've killed of Dick Van Dyke prematurely! This story originated with Christopher Blair, our fakery satire expert. Then fakers stripped away the satire disclaimer, repackaged it on a fake Abc News site, and passed it off as real news." 
 Yea, here's the scoop.  Fake News! "We told you after we saw the Fonz and Mister T death hoaxes, we were on the lookout for newly-dead celebrities leaving their fortunes - in part or in full - to Trump-related campaigns or foundations. Here's a new one - this time they've killed of Dick Van Dyke prematurely! This story originated with Christopher Blair, our fakery satire expert. Then fakers stripped away the satire disclaimer, repackaged it on a fake Abc News site, and passed it off as real news." 
 Hahaha Rotflmao 
 	Hahahahahahaha brilliant that self-loathing cunt can disappear all together I know I wont be shedding a tear for her 
 why waste your time watching this bullshit? Its all about kissin jew and nigger ass 
 Attention:  "www.abcnews.live[anything]" is a parody or hoax news site.   The counterfeit site is not being operated by abcnews, but a hoaxer.   Yesterday's Dick Van Dyke death hoax and today's Hoax reports that Kavanaugh's home was vandalized came from this hoax site.   The photos used are Not Kavanaugh's house.  It's a hoax. 
 Attention:  "www.abcnews.live[anything]" is a parody or hoax news site.   The counterfeit site is not being operated by abcnews, but a hoaxer.   Yesterday's Dick Van Dyke death hoax and today's Hoax reports that Kavanaugh's home was vandalized came from this hoax site.   The photos used are Not Kavanaugh's house.  It's a hoax. 
  
 	Know what was worse? There wasn't a man around to shove his teeth into the edge of a curb. 
 		The bright side is hopefully both sides will begin to think about shoving a camera in someone's face, yelling private property (which she did), and then wondering why the already violent person attacked her. She should not get undue sympathy 
 			And again, you call names. just another Nazi cunt trying to be Hitler edgy. 
 											My bad, you're definitely a transgender, transracial black male who sucks cocks.   
 It just never ends. 
 	Superman can't be a whingeing nigger he is the greatest! 
 Amy Schumer Detained at Kavanaugh Protest in D.C.  gross     
 	Is that supposed to be cleavage? What a limp wristed commie fist. And the democratic socialist Faggot badge. Nice She looks So outraged doesn't she? 
 Fair Trade > Free Trade    Just like:    Border Wall > Open Borders 
 	If "free trade" is so great then why does it cost our economy so much?    Can it really be free if you lose money and your competitors gain money?    I don't think so. 
 		The whole argument for it assumes that trade partners intend to play by the same rules, and that mutual benefit is the only outcome.  It's mathematically sound, realistically retarded 
  
 	Beta is a lying, faggot piece of Trash! Conman Extraordinaire, just like that other Commie Faggot Obama! Intentionally trying to fool poor people by pretending he’s a latina! Lying  Cocksucker! 
 President Trump calls out Corey "Liar Dog" Booker. 
 	hurrah Trump!  can't stand that ugly ass little bald headed nigger freak Corey Booker! 
  Demands you respect  (you will obey)  
 	The un Can Go Suck Muzzie Dick After They Pull It Out Of The Goats Ass And Get The Fuck Out Of The Untied States! 
 		Elsewhere he loves to pronounce a curse let it come back to him 
 			May your do nothing god keep you for all eternity as his window washer and boot licker, for you are surely unfit for the realm of men and true gods. 
 				God let me be stripped of my wealth and possessions till I became extremely thankful for a bed or a shower till the simplest things became blessings. You are prideful as I was and perhaps the Lord will bless you with a fall for those He loves He disciplines. 
 					What a wonderful god! To let you fail so hard and you be at blame, and then you work your way out of it and He be praised! I know exactly why you worship him.  Stockholm syndrome. 
 						What in the hell is wrong with people that feel the need to denigrate Christians? Pathetic saps.   
 							What the hell is wrong with christians that they think they need to come preach their shit faith to anyone who expresses a philosophy? 
 								Because we have been given the duty of the great commission! You can take or leave the message that has been presented. But you can not stop me (or any other Christian) standing for Christ!  
 												can't shut it's mouth. emotionally triggered woman. she loved me - " they all do ".  
 I can smell the bitches skanky cunt from here. 
 Be interested in This little Cunt ! I'm your God, now bow down to me or Die ! 
 Juan Carlos delean idiotispic zeraellawetback dirtybeabeaner spic Zanas. 
  this nigger wanted to destroy all monuments in Virginia 
  
 	Most likely most of the people who know this stuff are dead now. This evil cunt needs to meet a firing squad! 
 	 said anyone who hates mudsharks lives in their basement, smokes weed all day and plays video games. I said that’s not true, a lot of people who hate mudsharks have careers and families. Than he went all crazy and started calling me a kike, putting words in my mouth, and saying no well adjusted White Man would ever be against a mudshark. 
 Out of curiosity, have you anti-national socialist retarded individuals ever heard about the ''Gulags''?   Muh 6 million jews! Why do you cry about 6 million that aren't even from your race but completely forget the 10 plus million Ukrainians that died there? 
 May is stopping the Uk from ever leave even play has like lot of cunt s and we can see straight throw the evil cunt witch we want herfired 
 Police union leader blasts Van Dyke verdict, says it resulted from 'sham trial'   
 Police union leader blasts Van Dyke verdict, says it resulted from 'sham trial'   
 Acosta Can’T Take It Anymore.      
 	Racist human sewage Democrat Scum!  Just another Retarded monkey brain! 
 The dog whistle is deafening. White Nationalist! I wish I had a pumpkin spike decaf soy latte to calm me down. 
 		>Replying to an npc 
 		>Replying to an npc 
 Rt 5Strat    What you need to know about Jason Cosko, arrested for doxxing  Senators on Judiciary Committee.     
 	All I need to know is when he will hang as a traitor. 
 		you kidding? He just made his bones in Washington Dc and will soon be on Hillary's and Soros payroll ! He looks like a righteous little faggot soyboy 
 	And we don't need Aryan grooming gangs in the cities in America? Mid America, pat Boone crowd; just Imagine hordes of teens with axe handles and bats, to bring these 2 to the light for their transgressions against good order and discipline.   The very definition as to the how of making America great again. 
 		No, I would rather have the bums and the lewdness in the streets than have filthy aryan gangs. Freedom makes America great, not mobs. 
 				I’ll be honest. I don’t know what point you’re trying to make. 
 						I know it’s easier to judge people as a group, but people aren’t groups. Only individuals act, even when they act together. If you don’t want to hear me, mute me. I promise it won’t hurt my feelings. 
 								There’s no thread. And I am an individual. You have, however, disqualified yourself from being heard by me. You can have the last word if you’re quick. Make it good. 
 									That would be decapitation? 
 This should be the main headline story on Fox news.  Not Taylor Town Pump, hillbilly Bj.  Looks like Ft Walton & Destin  gonna get the shit kicked out of them if this thing lands as a Cat 4.  The Gulf storms are always the worst.  They get caught in there & churn like a washing machine.    
 	Living in Houston.  I  think we have become complacent int these weather events.  It's really so sad.  We are still recovering from last season, but life goes on as normal, well for most.   
 	Living in Houston.  I  think we have become complacent int these weather events.  It's really so sad.  We are still recovering from last season, but life goes on as normal, well for most.   
 John Kasich Refuses To Say If He’s Happy Brett Kavanaugh Got Confirmed To The Supreme Court      
 	The only thing that surprises me about John Kasich is that Ohioans have ever put up with this pearl clutching dweeb. He outdoes Evan McMullin on the Idiot Scale 
 		Why should we even care whether Cuck Kasich is happy about this? He had zero say in the matter. 
 			I mean if you somehow find a way to be a bigger faggot than Lindsay Graham then your opinion is beyond irrelevant. 
 Everyone should listen more to Ann Coulter because immigration Is the most important issue.    In addition to giving us crime, disease, terrorism & being economic parasites, these immigrants, even Legal immigrants in the case of terrorism, they can tip the election day balance in favor of the Dems & then we're truly fucked forever.    
 	listen more 2  hell tell u how open borders r done by jews  
 		Useless retard muted 
 I'm sure its been said, but her claim that she hears it all the time is a bit retarded  
    Another white person dead at the hands of a flithy nigger 
 Lol All he did was say "Muh dick" like a nigger and chimped out. God that was such a sad exchange.  
 A Somali Muslim Social Justice Agitator with a history of stirring up trouble in Maine is at it again.   Hamdia Ahmed appears to be on a mission to get all Maine baristas fired.   In her latest publicity stunt, Ahmed made a scene at a Portland Dunkin Donuts  claiming a staffer had discriminated against her.    
 		The Fake Somali Moslems from Ghambia & Nigeria are bad enough rapists killers & gangsters tutored in Somali Heritage by Somali Pirates & Kidnappers heading to Europe.   Immigration & Police aware majority not Somalian, I detained 20 with evidence but police & immigration refused to attend, immigration collected & confirmed evidence 3wks later! 
 				ok nigger lover!  Lol 
 	I have felt we are being played about all the draining of the swamp bs. If he does not stop this invasion, using whatever means necessary, it will show he is really no different than the witch except for trade deals and tax cuts. The two parties are just different wings of the same bird of prey. 
 		All I can honestly say, Mike, is 'better than Hillary'. He's in immediate position to make proud or horribly disappointed. 
 	I don’t think we will have to worry about Trump letting them in. I’m sure he is serious about shutting down the border and repelling the invasion with military. 
 		I do so hope you're right. It's a damned if you do or damned if you don't situation. 
 		I do so hope you're right. It's a damned if you do or damned if you don't situation. 
 legit  
 	The only let in retarded migrants is a nice addition.  Although i don't think the wife would let npc watch her and tyrone. 
 She's up the duff, got a bun in the oven. It's already part burnt. Another one to feed.    
 	Not very nice James. I doubt they'll be on benefits, both have worked all their lives. They also bring immeasurably goodwill to Britain. Good luck to them :) 
 		What part of white virgin, European aristocracy or Royalty didn't the boy understand? He brings home a mixed race former American divorcee. 
 			And white virgin is a bit of an oxymoron these days lol 
 				His father managed it.Don't say look how that ended.I'm not anti Royal but The Queen hasn't done her job & protected the people from Parliament.That is her Constitutional role. 
 						British Royalty sold their soul to the Jews via the Balfour because they knew Hitler would've won. Now look at the less than Great Britain. They were warned. 
 							Great Mess Britain 
 						Still scouring the sci-fi and x-file archives to identify what this is. 
 							The queen can't fuck anymore so they got Philip a Mannequin 
 							The queen can't fuck anymore so they got Philip a Mannequin 
 The Maga bomber was on Twitter. Should Twitter be banned? 
 	No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2.0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros  
 That fucking seditious cunt needs a shiv shoved up her cunt.  
 Paypal has banned Gab.com in the wake of today's shooting.   Funny, the shooter also had Twitter and Facebook accounts. I don't see Paypal going after them.   Disgusting! The internet needs an alt-payment gateway Asap! 
 	I'm so sick of all this 'stop the hate-speech' screeching from the left.  along with  and others have had their PayPals banned. It's just an excuse to 'curate' acceptable speech by punishing those who question the leftist narrative, which means a leftist echo-chamber.  
 		Right wing fascist pigs should be purged from American soil. Fuck trump. Fuck all the retarded sheep who follow that shitstain  
 Must See: Grassley Releases Timeline of Ford Investigation -- Shows Feinstein and Democrats Lied Throughout Process  
 		She is a Jew, who is evil, does not equate to all Jews are evil. Just like there are Whites who are evil, does not equate with all Whites are evil. 
 			You are right, but Jews are obviously Racist Retards!  Obviously all lefties are brainwashed retarded monkey brains! All lefties are human sewage! 
 		Then when their done terminating dvery last faggot dyke and freakazoid.we get to step in and start terminating cockroaches with prejudice ! 
 I would imagine that if someone made a campaign flyer for a black candidate featuring the candidates picture and  a simple get out the vote message that says : Vote For The Nigger ! That could be quite the local newsmaker. Lots of Whites would find it funny. Snowflakes,Marxists and self hating Whites would be appalled. All that makes it  appealing +worthwhile. 
 	The battered spouse pipes ip late, prolly an alt, no two people are so stupid together 
 	The battered spouse pipes ip late, prolly an alt, no two people are so stupid together 
 Lmfao! Watch 2 kikes get kicked out of a muslim event! Jewess (((Faith Goldy))) kissing (((Loomer)))'s ass as they promote homosexuality and try to shame the muslims for being against it. Um do these retarded ass bitches realize that it's the Jews that are importing the sand people that they keep whining about? Jewish cunts! I hope nothing good ever happens to them ever.     
 Photo Emerges Of Georgia's Dem Governor Nominee Burning State Flag    
 	No One Wants A Dumbfuck She-Boon Nigger As GOVERNoR ! 
 Here is your Redneck Revolt AntiFa Beat up and harass as many innocent people as you like. This was your crowning achievement, making security around rich people impenetrable.  Great Job, go vote for a Communist to destroy everything after killing you. 
 Here is your Redneck Revolt AntiFa Beat up and harass as many innocent people as you like. This was your crowning achievement, making security around rich people impenetrable.  Great Job, go vote for a Communist to destroy everything after killing you. 
 If that hurricane does affect Tallahassee, I really hope it reveals this man's poor leadership (Again). I'm sorry people of Tally, but the whole state needs to be reminded (apparently) that he doesn't have what it takes. He just can't be governor. 
 	 Fuck off nigger ! 
 Why didn’t the mean old Nazis just choke the lying cunt to death?   
 Wrong again, nigger .You exhibit the low intellect of your kind. Call me Master, nigger. 
 Bring it, bitch.    My gun is bigger than yours. 
 	Ugly cunt Black men even hate her ugly transvestite ass 
  
 	Retard fuck off  
     The issue here is that Trump has denounced White Nationalism, the problem is that when he did no one was listening because the remarks did not fit the  narrative 
 		You know as a liberal you are not suppose to use the word retard right? 
 		You know as a liberal you are not suppose to use the word retard right? 
 Rural pride. wow that is so fucked. wtf is this shit? It makes America look like faggot pussies.  
 I don't like this function one bit. 
 	I like it, so I can stop the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches from following me. :D 
 Aunty Fatima has picked her outfit for work tomorrow.   She is praying no kuffar men lust after her.  
 		Reported for islamofauxbia and hate crime.   
 		guilty as charged ,packing my bags for the reeducation camp as we speak . 
 		i hope they are not black bags 
 		something islamophobic about black bags --oh I see .pink bags then .Re-education is so .um .global? 
 		Pink to make the Muslim boys wink?  
 		oooh you  are a one ! 
 		oooh you  are a one ! 
 Breaking: PayPal, Stripe, Microsoft, Samsung, Google, and Apple cave to Andrew Anglin's demand that Gab be demonetized and deplatformed. 
 	Why would Anglin want that? 
 		Just because a man makes nigger jokes and chortles about the jews does not mean he's necessarily /ourguys/. 
 Jw hand-delivered a letter to the chair & co-chair of the House's Office of Congressional Ethics calling for an investigation into whether Congresswoman Maxine Waters violated any House ethics rules by encouraging violence against Trump Cabinet members.  
 	Yeah it's called inciting a riot.and for being a nigger  
  
 	. 
 		Christianity is dying all over Europe, and you can't do anything about that. 
 			That's why Europe is being so easily defeated. White people are spiritually lost, empty, and hopeless people. If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything! 
 				Mere blood? Then go race mix with Aztecs and niggers. No one wants anyone to be cucked, and there are heaps of cucked Whites, but to say you have more in common with some spic than with an European, is much too much, and it's a very cucked thing to say . Lol 
 The fact that the Republican Party has a habit of working against the interests of White nationalists, is not sufficient to justify abandonment of the party, at least not without a clear alternative. It matters who controls the government, a lot. Democrats are using every power at their disposal to establish a permanent governing majority in Washington. They will open the borders, and nationalize one industry after another until something forces them to stop. They will disarm us, tax carbon dioxide, and make Facebook's hate speech policies the law of the land. Whatever the sins of the Gop, they pale in comparison to that horrifying outcome. Until somebody shows me some other force which is capable of stopping the Democrat Party, we have to be partisan Republicans. 
 	And if it does come to revolution, we'll put aside our differences, for the fate of our nation and our people. Why is it such a problem to do the same in November?  
 		this shit again? you keep using that word "informant". i dont think it means what you think it means. next time your moms black boyfriend rapes your asshole, dont call the cops, you nigger loving informant. 
 Now they’re mad that White women look better than they do when getting arrested on purpose. 
 	Twat needs to go back to her country. 
 De Niro Slams Kavanagh & Calls Trump ‘M-F*cker,’ Fed-Up Audience                                    Has  Nasty Surprise   De Niro Slams Kavanagh & Calls Trump 'M-F*cker,' Fed-Up Audience Has Nasty Surprise  DeNiro is living in a bubble,still in 2016~Libs have lost their minds We put up w 8 yrs It’s your turn now Donald Trump is our President for 8 years    Actor Robert De Niro made headlines over the weekend when he showed up for a Children’s Diabetes fundraiser and immediately embarrassed himself. The Raging Bull star started ranting and raving about politics, taking aim at Justice Brett Kavanaugh’s beer drinking and, in another appearance, called President Donald Trump a mother-f*cker. That’s when the fed-up audience gave the unhinged 75-year-old a nasty surprise he never saw coming. You’ll love this.         #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam       #1A #2A         
 	De Niro nigger lover pc liberal is a shame to all Italian-Americans! a disgrace! Infamia! 
 Punk ass faggot at it again 
 "Chosen" privilege tweets the "n word." She's catching heat. But still.  
 	Fat nigger lover.  
 Our failure to mobilize and litigate on behalf of our political prisoners is more than merely a moral black eye, it's the kind of failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. 
 	Matt - you clearly didn't get the memo. Those political prisoners are white trash 'wignats' that have no place in the upper middle class white America of the future.    Do you realize how bad the optics of a criminal conviction is? How could I bring them to a Republican party meeting? 
 		I really don't get the AltRight silence on the original Cville prisoners. They'll protest the arrest of the Ram guys and call them the "Cville 4" as if the original 6 don't exist or matter.   Are they really going to throw our original prisoners under the bus because they don't look like ideal Identity Evropa candidates?   Are they really that petty?   
 			Also, Identity Evropa and that faggot cocksucker Patrick Cassey are human filth. They are controlled opposition funded by the enemy. This is why I maintain the Us cannot be saved. It must be allowed to swallow itself in the 2030s.  
 	You.are a fucking liar  it is virtue signaling that caused the death of 1000's of whites.   you are more concerned about looking good than looking at facts 
 		Data available from the Fbi (which is for 2015) indicates that 89.3 percent of black murder victims that year were killed by black perpetrators. Among white murder victims, 81.3 percent were killed by someone who was white. 2/2 
 				Maybe you should take a Dna test.  There is no "White" if you are discriminating between "real whites" and "non whites"  There is no such thing. 
 					maybe you should take a history lesson  we are white   we are here to stay   we built America, Europe, Canada and Australia   we exist.we are not a social construct   take a look at Trump rallies, they are Filled with white people    
 						Thank goodness this is not the 1700's! 
 							and given we are flooding in Muslims and Indians  we are about to go back to the 11th century. 
 								Do you vote, Kelly? Or do you think women are not important enough to vote?  Times change. Nothing remains the same.  What might have been right in the 1700's is  not necessarily the right thing to do in the 21st century.  Embrace change. There is no turning back.  
 													those whites who do human trafficking will get the rope.  try and tell a nigger he will get the rope for it and Cries Of Racism   
 Cunt 
 Over my White boy phase aka she can’t get any White guys to sleep with her anymore. 
 	Can't find anymore white boys going through a "Mystery meat" phase 
 		good.she can go fuck a nigger now 
 		No  Dumbass  
 						If you believe jews are white 
 							Do I have to be a fuckin' Jew to call white people "Goy" or "Goyem"? These are Jew created words, too, right? 
 						Um I didnt invent the word, only stating facts. 
 Improve Your Crypto Portfolio With These Weird Tricks 
 	nigger tush up. erupting gush 
 Tommy calls the press 'the enemy of the people'   This man is Not a politician. He has my support.   The only man the British press hates more than Tommy Robinson is Vladimir Putin.    
 	This man knows his shit ! Enemy of the People. Absolutely.  
 		Keep the muzzie scum out of the Usa. Please. 
 Okay. This is a classic. 
 		that fkr generated (cultivated) and brought more Real nationalist whites into this fkn thing than almost anyone we can name. He introduced more fkrs into the movement than almost anyone except for alex jones. 
 		Only the best lol 
 		Only the best lol 
 Dead Nigger Storage.literally.    
 	Point of fact is that if you judge a man by his character rather than his color you will find many a black man well preferable to yourself. Many Black People Who Are Better Than You! 
 		What? You can call me a Nazi I'm not shallow enough to get upset over a word, friend. You can call me a Potato nigger too (not that you would) since I'm mostly Irish and I still wouldn't care. 
 This is exactly how the Soviets attempted to sow discord in the 50s & 60s. Complain about social disparities.   Stir up the masses. Tell them they deserve better & to overthrow the status quo, which has conspired to keep everyone down.   The antidote is to educate everyone on the methods & to have a booming economy that benefits everyone.   Even so, those already sucked in are hard to break from the propaganda. Chelsea actually believes what she's saying in spite of how financially blessed she is. This is the power of propaganda. 
 	Things that TwittLer support. You Suck Commie Faggot   
 Orwell 2018   It was in the year 2018 that the perception deception was beginning to erode as more of the masses began to wake up to the reality of non reality of their existence. Everything that the masses have been brainwashed with was quickly coming to end.  Questions were starting to have an effect on the false narrative that was being pushed ever since the slaves were born.  What is real no longer seemed to be real, and reality was more of a convoluted mess as it was hard to distinguish what was real and what was fake.  But was becoming apparent is the minds of the masses have been controlled which has been going on since the beginning of time.  The Thought Police were in full censor mode now since they were losing control, deleting as many truths as they could and keeping their obviously lies and false narrative alive through the Ministry of Truth’s extensive apparatus. The inmates were still policing the inmates and any sign of intelligence was quickly frowned upon. Anyone not following this typically will just disappear, but the sheer magnitude of people waking up was a problem. In the political language the absurdities were continually pushed, but the irrational emotion of the lies were no longer taking hold against even the basics of logic, except for the true zombies who would believe even the most obnoxious lie. Truth is censored and is call hate speech, Racists brazenly called their opponents Racist, and the unconscious walked around in a deep fog doing exactly what they were told to do.  The proles who understood the truth were growing and the false narrative was easily discernible!  The proles were getting mad because they were throwing off the chains and could see outside Plato’s Cave.  The Truth was no longer inextricably described as Hate, but started to be realized for the exactly what it is. The dislocation of consciousness and reality from the Matrix was taking its toll as the sane were still viewed as insane, but sanity was being restored.  In general, the greater the understanding, the great the delusion; the more intelligent, the less sane. The Brave New World, Plato’s Cave, Orwells 1984 and the Matrix, all one and the same, have been exposed! 
 	crazy because im reading that book,1984,and i cant agree more,the call war peace,death life,etc.i recommend all people waking up to this reality of illusions&delusions to read the book 1984 by orwell 
 		When you understand the inversion of the Orwellian world, you understand the racism is towards white people fomented by the Jew media and Jew sewage of hollywood.  Skinheads are just as retarded the other way.  But I do understand the reaction to the incessant Racism by the jew media.  The programming is meant to divide and conquer, and America is full of Republican's too stupid to understand Democrats are retarded.  Left vs. Right is a false paradigm.  The Truth lies outside the box! 
 	The Jews have managed to control every government and economy in the world. I mean, if you want objective evidence that they are supreme what else do you need. 
 		To be fair, it was only via the Christian European elite that such status was attained (as the bankers of their empires).  
 			Paraphrasing Rothschild, whoever controls the flow of money controls the empire. Christians were too naive on that front. 
 				Indeed. At any rate, the power of Jews is bound up in the supremacy of white Christian males (which they, ironically, are destroying), I think. Their fortunes will change in the next fifty years, undoubtedly.  
 						just a quick question regarding the christian infighting meme. did pagans have some form of treaty that im unaware of? was it like a heathen eu of bff's?  
 							Because it sounds like pagans never fought? It's not that. They fought like Romans vs Germans of course, but over real reasons like resources and land. Not what stupid version of the myth of Jesus is better while you have the Muslims at the gates of the city. 
 						In the present day anyway, is my point.  
 						In the present day anyway, is my point.  
 now this is from the Bbc so hmmm  
 		you go Bridget x 
 		you go Bridget x 
 Jordan Peterson: Kavanaugh Should Step Down from Supreme Court to ‘Have His Name Cleared’    
 	Jordan Peterson should Stfu and keep his Canadian ass out of our politics. He should stick to writing about the worldwide issue of marxist commie postmodernism. 
 		You obviously didn't read the post, cuck. If you did, you'd realize a fucking canadian is stating that an American should resign from being appointed you fucking retard. Typical canadian. You fucks are serious asshats. Zero fucks for every single one of you. Yours truly, redneck 
 ? ?  ?  ?   Breaking: Nikki Haley resigns today | Trump Press Conference at 10:30 am, live stream    
 	Whoo the cunt is leaving! 
 That do dear if you could afford one if car a millions then you must be a billionaire likebuying packet of walkers crisps ever time there rich people real dont no how to have fun spoilt greedy cunt s if I.had million pounds car ill us it every day if just go to garden centre and find place with no other car on it so I would see how fast my car would go 
 The real Holocaust was against the German and Axis Nations who stood up to the Jews and their Allied puppets & died fighting for you and a better world.     
 	"Hellstorm" is the most shocking & disturbing book I have ever read.   I can believe that WW2 was really just a crusade by the Babylonian Roman Church to finally annihilate the German Christian nation.   They had used WW1 to turn the two nations responsible for the Reformation and spreading the Word of God Britain & Germany (by newer and more accurate translations of the Bible and the printing press) against each other for the purpose of mutual self-destruction. 
 		Garbage . Give it a fucking rest idiot. Who ever wrote that book is a Low Iq Twat just like the Name the Jew Clowns are Low Iq buttfuckers whose 'information' comes from Jews, Fags and Subversives.  The Church did more to combat than nazis ever did. Fucking Goons. 
 	That guy has Trump derangement syndrome on Nitric  
 		As we would say in the 70's.He be trippin. 
 	Brennan can't help it. 
 		Agreed 
 		Shit eater Mohammed Brennan Knows that the louder he screams on the Msm now, the more sympathy and outrage will be displayed when he Is charged with treason.  
 	 
 		Gonna be a day of explodey heads. 
 		Gonna be a day of explodey heads. 
 Meet Caitie McCaffrey, a Microsoft lead employee and a Services Architect for Azure - the cloud hosting service that threatened to kick off Gab not too long ago.   Is it becoming more clear why Big Tech has been trying to silence us? Their ranks are filled with hysterical and unstable Leftists who live in an alternate reality. 
 	We can't occupy the same space with these people any longer. 
 		Intolerance ftw. Reasons I don’t associate with other races or race-mixers. I absolutely refuse to. No exceptions. I won’t even get fresh meat from our local grocery bc the one nigger in our area works behind that counter. I’d rather drive further away to get meat. 
 The little pussy in the blue hat is what Every Antifa faggot looks like behind their gay little masks---scrawny, weak, virgin. 
  
 		Getting Therapy For Your Pre Occupation With Abnormal Sexual Perversions? You Pantywaist Are All Alike. 
 		Cannot Find Your Own 'Mute' Button CLOwn? 
 		Cannot Find Your Own 'Mute' Button CLOwn? 
 Help expose radical Islamist Linda Sarsour    
 	If there is anybody that is more deserving a smoking than Nigger O or Killery it's this jihad cunt. 
  
 	And You Look Like A Faggot You Sob. 
 	Not everyone has that emotional Strength.in occupied territory.  Pray the Day.we secure a place, for Kith and Kin!  
 	Not everyone has that emotional Strength.in occupied territory.  Pray the Day.we secure a place, for Kith and Kin!  
 Should we encourage more black men to murder their current or ex white girlfriends ? 
 		My step daughter married a black guy they were together for 10yrs. They are divorced now. They never had kids thank God    She's now married. To a white guy and has 2 beautiful kids    Don't give up on your kids 
 				Ok got yer 
 				Ok got yer 
 Kavanaugh’s reputaional lynching has made it clear to the average person that there is one evil in the eyes of the American Media: being White. 
 	Only retarded ppl are eating that pudding.  
 		Q is a fraud!  Support Trump, not some stupid  letter of the alphabet who is Wrong over 50% of the time. 
 			Prove that.#Q is fake, cupcake. You can't. All you have is blather. 
 					I am not for sure what to think but not much of a Red October so far. No arrests, no declas. 
 					All you have is Blather, cupcake. You can't prove that ##Q is fake. All you can do is throw shade. Juggle for us, clown. 
 						Poor kid is still triggered like a leftist because he can't take criticism.  This is what Q does.  Turns you into a fool.  Good bye triggered one.  Maybe when Trump fires Sessions, you'll wake up to Q's frauds and lies. 
 							   Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q  is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives.      
 						q is both in the alphabet & works with Bond, James Bond.how much more proof do they need. 
 I am reporting all antisemites to the Fbi! 
 	Have fun reporting me, I don't even live on the same continent as Fbi operates on. If it becomes relevant, tell them to stop by at McDonalds and bring me 2 Big Macs, two chocolate milkshake, two large fries, 4 cheeseburgers and two apple pies (gonna invite my brother over).  
 		No it doesn't remotely bother me, why should it ? People die everyday, for various reasons. Are you gonna sit and bitch and cry for all of them ? To what end, to show how idiotic it is for some dumb cunt to just sit there and report "everyone to the Fbi", as if they give a shit about it.   
 		No it doesn't remotely bother me, why should it ? People die everyday, for various reasons. Are you gonna sit and bitch and cry for all of them ? To what end, to show how idiotic it is for some dumb cunt to just sit there and report "everyone to the Fbi", as if they give a shit about it.   
 Lol  Poor Tay-Tay 
 	Taylor Not Too Swift 
 		 
 			 
 				Super Cunt 
 	How about we give black people real education/training/jobs. Show them they can be proud of American life, that they don't need "thug life". How about we call just them Americans, brothers and sisters, and people who don't need a plantation. They don't need you if they have freedom. We will end the poverty and ignorance, and we will help those in the black community with real potential to become real leaders without race bating. We're gonna give that too them and You Democrats Cannot Stop Us. 
 			You overpaid 
 			Not if I get to throw them 
 			Not if I get to throw them 
 	Well said! He thinks he’s funny but he’s not. He’s just another establishment subverter. Did you see how many brainwashed liberals in the audience laughed with him when he was slagging off the whole brexit/ negotiation thing! Fucking pathetic they are! I think most of them are young & naive.  
 	Well said! He thinks he’s funny but he’s not. He’s just another establishment subverter. Did you see how many brainwashed liberals in the audience laughed with him when he was slagging off the whole brexit/ negotiation thing! Fucking pathetic they are! I think most of them are young & naive.  
 I am fully planted in gab, I don't want to be removed because I didn't suck up to Libs, the only reason I'm putting up such a fight is because there are some racist here who judge people based on their Dna and I think that is wrong, I won't be a part of that but I will protect you 
 		How you doing? Apparently I'm the stupid fuck, good to meet you my name is Darren, now what are we on about? Oh yeah don't judge niggars by their Dna,? I'm concerned why I can't say fuck, but I can say Nigger with this Ai, regardless, Tommy Sotomayor is a socialist. Talk to me about free market 
 "Man Size" tissues renamed as they are "sexist"    
 	They don't really make sense, but not sexist. No-one's stopping fat chicks from using them. If conservative women couldn't fit through doorways, they'd just use man sized tissues. Fat Liberals however will take issue with everything including the box color. It will be changed to pink soon. Wait for it. I wonder what they'll be called. Cunt Wipes? 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	I checked. The majority of the girls are White blondes. The network recognises that beauty sells, and we are indeed the standard of racial beauty. Anything to get those ratings up. Now, who wants to bet the non-White races will be screaming 'muh racism!' If they do, they will admit to our racial superiority. 
 		Looks like Dancing with the Monkeys, to me! 
 			So far, two couples have been White, which is as it should be. White children, representing a White country.    Oh shit, I just saw a Nigger hugging a young White girl. That is racism at its height. 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Bloody hell, check it out. A Nigger host just bragged about the woman who trained the young White blue-eyed blonde and the Nigger boy, about how she was his partner. She too is a White, blue-eyed blonde. The racism in this show is perhaps the worst I have ever seen in a show. It is blatant, in-your-face racism. 
 	If I got on a flight and found that the attendant was a nigger, I'd ask to be moved to another flight. In flight meals are bad enough without the added nigger spit or other bodily fluids. That's if you don't die of starvation waiting for the lazy she-ape to serve them. And then there's being locked in a plane for several hours with their monkey stench. 
  
 	psycho jew cunt 
 "Crap Bag" as we used to call them!   So Ok, what's with all this "just get on with it - don't let terrorists win" guff when we have a top plod doing a runner in the face of the enemy!      Welcome to the world of Joe Public sunshine! 
 		To be fair Jerry, the police have no remit to defend you, not in the Uk, not in the Usa -  but at least in the Usa they have the 2A to help them. 
 		To be fair Jerry, the police have no remit to defend you, not in the Uk, not in the Usa -  but at least in the Usa they have the 2A to help them. 
 White People put Trump in office and his thanks to us is open borders, jew cucking & bragging about low nigger unemployment. Holy Fuck Now That Is Winning! 
 		Moron! You're saying Tommy Robinson has been putting his own life and those of his wife and kids, been attacked and sent to prison for his beliefs for years.just to sell some books? Let's see you write a book about your Nazi ideas when everyone knows who you are. See how you get on lol 
 				It's like with me mate. They know I'm not Jewish but unless you hate Jews you Are Jewish. It's the socialist mental illness again. Affects National ones and non National ones the same. Tommy doesn't hate Jews and supports Israel so he must be Jewish lol 
 						Here he is, Mongo No Lie. Not happy I met a gorgeous black girl last weekend who is way out of his league lol 
 								Correction! Only you and your ilk don't find any black girls attractive. Because attractive black girls don't want the likes of you. More left wing jealousy. And most of my girlfriends have been white. Only dated 3 black girls in decades :) 
 															hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 	Colbert payback is a bitch get ready retard 
 the losers at work sure love their nigger ball 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 		So, you’re really this stupid?  Lmfao!  I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 																actually, I can't remember which breed of retard you are, exactly.  Holocaust denier, chemtrail dude, QAnon supporter, or flat earther? 
 Dr Pierce was the last movement leader to take infrastructure and logistics seriously.  Our movement is kind of like the Confederacy, convinced that somehow correctness and courage can make up for inferior footing. 
 		Whereupon I take that as permission to say anything I want against you ZOGbots.  Those who destroy white families must be absolutely destroyed theysselfs -- root, branch and tender twig.  Now I don't blame a shitskinned dotheaded mamzer ZOGbot faggot for calling a White Man a child molester because of your Genesis 3:15 haet.  
 	     @123timmy      @MolotovRibbentrop           
 	     @123timmy      @MolotovRibbentrop           
 	I thought Castle was cancelled? 
 	Well, it's set in La so at least it's accurate. I'm sure it will have a very diverse cast of extras being shitty to each other.  
 	He was in Firefly before Castle . I'm probably alone with this viewpoint, but I liked Firefly! 
 	I think it is an interesting premise. There are lots of shows portraying young rookie cops. Perhaps an older rookie cop will make different decisions? Note I did not say better because that’s subjective.  But maybe his tactics will reflect less brazen and more brain? 
 	I think it is an interesting premise. There are lots of shows portraying young rookie cops. Perhaps an older rookie cop will make different decisions? Note I did not say better because that’s subjective.  But maybe his tactics will reflect less brazen and more brain? 
 Wow just wow. New low     
 	whoopi Is DIsEASED Gnarly Dna Deviant  Nigger    Her Face Is A Train Wreck Ugly Cunt Scum    Ray Charles Wouldn'T  Even Face Fuck That Monstrosity Skank 
 i believe that the jew created it, and then the muslims hated the fact they had come up with something they liked, so later adopted the idea behind their way of bullshit made up religion, and thats where the fact proves that the book they read everyday is just a complete book of bullshit, i believe it was the book invented by libtards who wrote every retarded thing 
 If the people of Central America are so nice, why doesn't George live there?  
 		That faggot needs the white man’s laws to protect him 
   <<<<<< Rag Headed Sand Nigger Muslim 
 Don't worry, I'll just mute you so you don't have to worry about me "stealing" your precious jpgs ever again, faggot 
  :   Girl raped by up to 70 members of   sees just one perp convicted         
 	These Culturally backward, retarded bastards need getting rid of.  Pakis and Bengali are the main ethnic groups  involved. 
 Posing with beautiful dead wild animals isn’t that becoming.   
 		Lol.  
 		Lol.  
 Pet Shop Boys - Go West (Official Video)    
 	Faggot 
 Bernie Sanders touts "Medicare for all."   But why doesn't anyone ask, "Why are we so sick to demand such 'free medical care' from the government?"   Maybe because what we're all eating today is not real food?       
 	Every year, the cost of treating cancer rises. Last I checked, the average cancer treatment costs $300,000. And Chemotherapy Is Nothing But Radiation! It's carcinogenic, yet the doctors are administering carcinogenic chemicals to treat cancer. That's retarded and deadly. 
 If Whites had the same solidarity jews have, the tapirs would be finished. 
 	This grammatical error, known as unclear pronouns, is common when comparing an object and a subject in a compound sentence. It is not clear that Sr. Stompthehook is saying White collectivism would be the end of Jews or whites. To remedy sr. must repeat Jews again instead of using a pronoun. This has been your sat lesson. 
 		I had to make it over the top otherwise I would sound like a grammar faggot 
 Anglin and Weev are Jews working for Israel. 
 	Interesting.   I knew 'Weev' was jewish.   There are rumors that Anglin is jewish.   If you have a source or link for this, I'd like to add it to my collection of 'far-right' leaders who aren't what they seem.   (Why people still support Ds, after "Weev's" exposure is beyond me.) 
 		Anglin's genealogy was done by some pro-Israel Jew, not realizing Anglin is a Zionist double-agent:  
 			Oh. that vid is just too, too, funny! :)   Thanks!   Klaus is definitely a jewish surname.   Schulz is also an Ashkenazi surname.   So, Anglin is definitely - at least - part jewish. 
 				Would make sense if you read his site. Shultz could be German though. Also morpheus is the same guy who said  is a jew.  
 					Anglan looks like a nigger 
 The Latest: Germany, France and Britain are calling for a "credible investigation" to establish what happened to Saudi writer Jamal Khashoggi and seeking a "complete and detailed" Saudi response.  
 	Fucking useless Cunt  Theresa May and the inbred blights in Buckingham won't do shit. Watch 
 Exclusive: He’s Running For Governor As A Single Dad, But His Ex-Wife Says He Treated Her ‘Like A Prisoner,’ Bruised Her Neck    
 	he sounds like a cunt but is it another beat up are there any police records  
 Goddamn, Ac: Odyssey character models are hideous. At least with Far Cry 5 the characters looked passable, here they look like retarded mannequins and potentially worse than they did in Origins. This is like the Fallout games and how they don't change at all between 3, New Vegas and 4. The gameplay is good though.but the writing & Alexios delivery is cringy. 
 Lock this crook up!     
 	This faggot worked for Maggie Hassan And Sheila Jackson Lee 
 Every Fking Raghead And Muslim Needs Removed From Our Nation.  
  
 		Go away you vile brainwashed retarded Jewified monkey brain piece of shit!  Quit telling me fucking Jew Lies!  We would not have a muslim problem if not for a filty Racist JewS!  Jews are Retarded!  Go take your Jewified brain and shove it up your Ass! 
 The right: Jews are coordinating attacks on speech they don’t like.    Jews: This is an antisemitic conspiracy theory! We are going to shut down your hosting service, credit card processor, and domain registrar.    The right: As we were saying. 
 		What do you expect? Racists are idiots.  
 		What do you expect? Racists are idiots.  
 It's heartbreaking to see because the nigger is incapable of genuine affection and  caring.As lust deminishes violence and hatred will increase.No pure White children for this lust filled famale. 
 Godfrey Bloom on top form as he obliterates 's  conference speech.     
 	Well said she's a cunt  
  
 	That's kind of a faggot shirt collar, pal. Your boyfriend pick that out for you? 
 	I mean seriously, you think believing in nothing and being less than nothing means you have more than one who has the truth on his side? How much of a faggot retard would you have to be in order to believe that.   Someone needs to euthanize mysteriousm14. All Satanists need it for being mentally ill, retarded eternal teenagers. 
 What a disgusting Pos.   Was he the one that drowned his sister?    
 	nigger faggot 
 People that hate jews just because they are jews are actual racists and therefore have no intellectual credibilty. Idiots that slag off Tommy Robinson because meh he talked to a jew are just that idiots. 20 something Jew haters who think they know it all are just that-Haters. 
 	I guess the muslims who ran children over are just haters. Nothing more to it. Npc Detected 
 		Yes we all hate, but hatred based on race alone? Nah we should be better than that 
 				I agree Jason All we keep hearing is that we’ll be the minority by 2040 or 45  
 				I agree Jason All we keep hearing is that we’ll be the minority by 2040 or 45  
 	Yeah.they hurt him. Still, he's White so I consider it a win. That pain may wear off eventually. 
 	Yeah.they hurt him. Still, he's White so I consider it a win. That pain may wear off eventually. 
 	Yes but we have that word Asian again when the vast vast majority are Muslim 
 		Bollox. That was the norm everywhere at that time, the Japs did it in WW2. The "Koran" excuse is a bullshit excuse used by retarded fckwits to justify their actions.That was 1400 Years ago - it has No relevance today.A Book does NoT make Anyone do that shit, it's personal choice. Following the Koran literally is a sin in Islam! Not that many have actually read it! 
  
 	Then They Gota Go To The Nfl Game 
 		I want to push a wall on my asshole Nigger Faggot Loving neighbor! 
 Flyer says if Chicago ex-cop Van Dyke is acquitted, ‘the city must stop’    
 Flyer says if Chicago ex-cop Van Dyke is acquitted, ‘the city must stop’    
  
 	So Mike Mac is bragging about how he got our accounts suspended  on G+  
 		The guy has no life.  He is a pathetic piece of shit. Let that little pedo faggot cry all day long.  I  
   retard 666 means jew - I bet he really believes his jewish made meme. Lol 
 Any Nigger who is also a Cuck should Commit Suicide 
 thats cuz u aint everrrr had that cunt sucked proper, ya cunt! 
 Vandals Smash Republican Rep. Kevin McCarthy's Office with Boulder | Breitbart    
 		lol 
 		lol 
 Jordan Hunt fights for womens' rights so hard that he actually fights women.    
 	This asshat faggot has a go fund me page! Why hasn't he been arrested? 
 ball dont lie faggots, choke on that D arron rodgers ya fuckin fudge packer, getting one of my twitters censored ya faggot ass nfl fags 
 You are what you eat!    
 	Death looks a whole lot yummier! Veganism is just more Fake Virtue. Same with people who think proper talk is fucking virtuous. The place is lousy with virtue signalling. Give Me Bacon Or Give Me Death - Out Of My Cold Dead Hands! 
 		Lol, what! How is veganism cultural Marxism? Retard alert. Was Marx a vegan? 
 Melania Visits African Hospital  Goes Into Full Mommy Mode  via  
 	awww.cute little nigger 
 Again, I'm not shocked. This fat nigger could've shot a white guy in Orange County, and the courts there would only sentence her to "time served" and order her release.  
 it’s the middle of the day you rambunctious nigger 
 Whites in America are inculcated with the ideology of "small government" because the only way majorities can fight a hostile plutocracy is with state power.    It's time for this stupid ideology to die. 
 	oh, so getting rid of all welfare and shrinking the size of the state wouldnt achieve our goals?   O.o 
 		Not really. They need the Welfare state or otherwise it is nigger famine. 
 Anyone else think it's time we had someone on a banknote that actually skinned their knuckles in support of this country ?    I'd like to see Maggie on 50 note.     At least Maggie was , unlike the useless bint now in office making a pigs ear of . 
 	something wrong with a picture of the Queen ? 
 		No, stick her on the other side. 
 		Queen in Lizard form please, let's keep David Icke happy. 
 		:)  
 		Yes: Maggie Worked for her salary.  The 'Queen' is a parasite. 
 	This would butt hurt the snowflakes.  
 		All the more reason :) 
 	The salt would be immense. With the added bonus that nobody from the left would ever have one in their wallet anyways, so the subsequent boycott takes exactly zero effort on their part.  
 		Lmao, Love it when a plan comes together :) 
 	How about Tommy Robinson on the 40 shekel note? 
 	zog whore like Churchill and the queen load of shite 
 		yts slut 
 	You are aware she helped initiate the global warming hoax to brake the mining unions right? 
 		Break, break the unions, One of her better accomplishments. 
 		Put huge portions of population out of work and perpetuated one of the biggest hoaxes in human history  All for cash 
 		Yeah, I remember Scargill trying to use Maggie's "right to buy", and that's after the Num paying his rent for god knows how many years.  He was a hypocrite.   
 	The Not "iron lady." 
 	The Not "iron lady." 
 Telling nigger jokes to dogs    
 Boom!  We now have tomorrow morning's news cycle just 8 days out of the election.  Leftist protesters interrupt a moment of silence for the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting victims, yell and scream at Marsha Blackburn and Lindsay Graham.     
 	Sick! 
 		They weren't thinking optics were they?  This looks awful.  Screaming during the moment of silence for the synagogue shooting victims.    Why would the left be so retarded to do this?  Because they know they're going to lose.  They're lashing out.  
  Man Who Assaulted Pro-Lifer Arrested    
 	lol. faggot 
 	Cut the cable. Stop watching their lies. Tv is only there to dumb us down. 
 	I won't watch any of that  bullshit 
 	I won't watch any of that  bullshit 
 Just captured this.   Dusk on the homestead. 
 	Very nice. I live on a rocky hilltop with little top soil. I grow rocks.  Am planning on putting in a series of above ground gardens. Working to come up with a design that is deer, bear, woodchuck and chipmunk resistant.  Like the look of yours. 
 		Hillbilly rock gardens, it really helps if ya can find some tires.  
 		Hillbilly rock gardens, it really helps if ya can find some tires.  
  
 	What a racist thing to say from a faggot no talent bitch 
 Voting in Arizona?   Remember this!   Opening the borders and letting any and everyone walk in is alright though!   Paying welfare to gangs like MS13 is a good thing! 
 	cunt 
  
 	Hey Angloon, why dont you give some of that buttcoin money to some whites actually making a difference. 
 		Just between you and me, I think he's a fed.  I remember his totalfascism.com blog, and there were some people using eerily similar rhetoric to Hal Turner's blog.  Plus, he never ever questions mainline Republican agenda, even when it's overtly pro-Jewish. 
 			The other day he said the antifa satanist faggot who kicked a white woman was on "our" side. 
 It does work. It just sounds retarded because antifa came up with it. 
 Bill Shorten is in support of the Lgbtiq Pedo educational system known as Safe Schools and will implement it into our education system throughout all states and territories          
 		You are right so many people i have spoken to thought it was just a gauging mechanism to see if a Vote was viable , the putrid Government was hijacked by the faggot brigade , just like in the netherlands , ireland etc. 
 No Spiders.  Just Filthy Nigger Beasts and Shit-Skin Spics. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Another stupid move from Torba. Who could have guessed? 
 		@21stCenturySpartan go eat a dick, the moment they chose to ban that kind of content is the moment gab became a censorship site just like twitter. That kind of content is protected speech even if you don't like it 
 			If Gab bans the Child Porn by Cartoon Crew. the world will not collapse, the sky will not fall, and people will not have their mouths stitched shut.    If you believe this to be the case you are a pervert/pedo clutching at immoral straws to justify you absolutely twisted and rotten urges. 
 				This just goes to show that gab is just another right wing site and it can no longer excuse itself with allowing harboring racists and nazis under free speech. different side of the same Sjw coin. 
 						So when are you going to take women's right away? 
 						I wanted gab to be consistent, but I guess it's not meant to be. 
 						I wanted gab to be consistent, but I guess it's not meant to be. 
  5-yr-old  has been sexually assaulted whilst using her school's transgender bathroom by a  who identifies as "gender fluid."   Oakhurst Elementary School in ,        
 	Complicit in these crimes against humanity are Obama, and his gay faggot advisers who pushed to legalize this depraved perversion. 
 A wise man once said "burn the coal, pay the toll."    
 	Well It Looks Like Mud Sharking Did Not Work Out So Well For Her And Her Children. Stupid WHItE Women Who Go Mud Sharking Just Can'T Figure This Out. I Wonder When She Was Being HIt In The Head WItH A Brick If She FInALLY Had SoME Idea That Mud Sharking Has It'S Down Sides.   
 		"Just can't figure this out" - I guess you haven't been watching Tv lately, or looking at ads. Whites are being bombarded by race-mixing and nigger supremacist propaganda. From biracial couples to White males playing with their mixed race shitlets, to niggers being portrayed as richer and more successful than Whites, to the glorification of niggers in pro sports, to Tv and movie franchises with White characters being replaced with nigger actors, or "Magic Niggers" included to "outsmart" White characters. it's everywhere, and unfortunately more and more Whites are falling for it. Take a guess ((who)) is responsible for this mass brainwashing. 
 		Lol, her campaign ads feature nothing but dumb fucking boomers. 
 		I know it's hard to believe that stupid fucking boomers would allow themselves to be paraded around all over her ads. 
 		Its really too bad that you can't understand the difference between stupid fucking boomers and regular boomers. Here's an example of a stupid fucking boomer. 
 	She's insane 
 	She's insane 
  
 	Take him off the plane! And hang his faggot ass! 
 .   Who but a  pulling an address off of a Dnc campaign donor sheet.or a foreign entity like, say, Isis.would send anything addressed:  "Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. "   A conservative would have addressed it:  Creepy PedoJoe Biden    
 	Just saying nigger 
 Oh fucking really bitch, it's quite funny how all of your buddies still think it's the right guy after it was already confirmed that all the information was wrong.   How come  publicly stated that the dox issued on her boyfriend was false, despite you lot claiming that the dox was on the right guy? She is perhaps the closes person to the man.  
 	Let the attention seeking retard believe that she’s won something in the ghetto of the interwebs.  Frankly, everyone is very aware she’s a lying backstabbing bitch and nobody cares anymore.  I know I don’t.  
 	Oh please do come!  I have so many bacon dipped bullets just waiting for a muzzie to eat!  Oh and all that target practicing I have been doing, time to put some of that knowledge to use! 
 Most fascinating coverage regarding Cesar was found on Anderson Cooper.  He interviews the family's long-time lawyer.    Interesting info about how Cesar's mother was a Democrat activist in the area for at least the last 20 years. Lawyer also states Cesar was too low Iq to do this alone.   Starts at 10:25 & goes for 10 mins.    
 		I don't have reason to believe he was ever a Democrat.  If he was a felon, how was he registered at all? 
 		the Left will go to any lengths to topple Trump! 
 		the Left will go to any lengths to topple Trump! 
 Rt LionelMedia    In the world of real, pilgrims howl in relief.     
 	not that it matters. I don't ever watch her or the nigger football.  
 Records Show Undercover Fbi Agents Gave Andrew Gillum Broadway Tickets, Refuting His Campaign’s Claims      
 	What a faggot 
 I can feel only pity for one so pathetic as you. Sad retard muted 
 Stupid isn’t synonymous with bitch. It would be better to state: Cunt bitch Pussy bitch 
 And that’s why I’m the leader! Ce. She has retarded meth head robert following her. She has quite a few following her, as well as Many Girls.  They will see no problem with playing at pol and not breeding if allowed to play and encouraged to not.  
 lol 
 						You are right, muzzie men feel right at home around all of that zoo aroma, I stand corrected. 
 	Too many truly believe in something for nothing. Too many are looking for a Savior to avoid the effort themselves. Will not have a pretty ending. 
 		Our children have been brainwashed with participation trophies to believe they are entitled to everything from free healthcare & education to respect. Millennial turds do not believe they have to earn Anything. It's time to start treating these entitled little school-shooting bastards with the respect they deserve & not the respect they demand. Socialist libtard ideology causes school shootings not guns. 
 She even fuckin made a lawsuit against dough fuckin stanhope jesus you need to stay away from me cunt 
 Grüne sind Kinderlieb.    
 	Artikel vom 24.05.2015 Die Künast ist wohl doch nicht in Erklärungsnot geraten. 
 		Da geht nicht mal der hinterletzte Nigger aus dem Kongo dran. 
 Do you believe that Gab is at fault for the Robert Bowers shooting? Vote / Share 
 	are fucking retarded for asking such a stupid question? Are your parents responsible for raising such a dumbass? 
 Retard It'S Read Me Not Hear Me Tranny B 
 the Cunt Card    
 Squeaks the sheep. in case you hadn't noticed asshole, we Still have a 2nd amendment and that gives Me and Any and All Americans the Right to own those types of firearms legally and to Shoot those firearms when, where an dhow we legally shall. Fucking soft crybaby cocksucking cunts like You assume that to do so is illegal! (Gasp) "Trash like me"? What kind of trash would that be fuckboy? someone who knows how to shoot or just someone who could learn how to? So what if the Feds are watching me! They have been watching me for 20 fucking years so it's not like I'm not used to it. useless faggots like you who don't have the balls or courage to do anything in defense of yourself , your family our your country makes me sick! You should thank me for doing 12 so your faggot commie ass can sit easy in your fucking mommys basement you soft cunt! 
 Green Day - Walking Contradiction    
 		same dude same 
 		same dude same 
 "There is still time left for 2018 to become "the year of nigger neo-nazi rabbi spree-killings." - Luis Castillo   
  - Gatun Lake  Surface elevation 85' 4"    Why is there no curve? 
 	Uh, that's a drawing. But I'm willing to look at your actual photograph of the cross section. Signed, Breathlessly waiting  .  .  .  
 		Are you also willing to look at an actual photograph from Nasa and be breathlessly waiting . . . ? Hahahah --   Awesome Flat Earth Song - No Photographs of Earth! Must Watch song from flat earth man :)    
 			L O L   an already thoroughly debunked crackpot youtube video   not to mention, you'd have to have the mentality of a retard to find this entertaining to begin with 
 Boomer & older = Robert Mathews, David Lane, Tom Metzger, Dr. Pierce, Revilo Oliver, Ben Klassen, George Lincoln Rockwell, David Duke(christ-insanity infection but reached many).  Gen X & younger = Alex Linder, Matt Hale, Dylann Roof, Anders Behring Breivik (nobody has topped his deeds). Retarded to hate based on age rather than rational reasons. 
 	I'll drink to that! 
 	Kind of a waste of good bacon though  
 	Awesome  
 	Awesome  
 More "it doesn't add up" on Mr. Sayoc.    
 	Hey just here from all the coverage from the murderer today being a (gabber?). Feels like I turned a flashlight on in a dark room full of roaches. Any comments? Hail Trump or whatever. Thanks 
 		with your shit score of minus 3, you ought to be asking for Clues, you retard 
 Just another example of Harris wasting tax-payer money.  Also, what's Kamala doing in Israel?   And what's Murkowski doing in Iceland?   
 	Kamala the nigger groveling before the Jews. 
 Who's the real enemy? Who is the greatest threat to our future? Repost- I want everyone to vote, I want to see what people on gab believe This is a polling to eff up the Nutzy political positions. If you have questions/comments, post them in the comment. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		You love the Woody, faggot Lol 
 Nigger 
  
 	tell that red faggot to hang himself.  
  
 	Theresa May was fucking useless cunt as Home Secretary and a traitorous cunt as Pm. 
 All I ever said is I don’t like them, nothing more, nothing less. You made up everything else on your own. I’m not going to take them back tho, like I said, I have a non mudshark wife so I don’t need nigger lovers. Maybe that’s all you can get tho, Idk? 
 Illegal third world migrants in Italy threaten Italian govt with an all-out bloody war [chaos] if they are not allowed to stay and enjoy the welfare.    
 	Easily fixed.  Shoot every nigger on sight. 
 "This country absolutely adores everything about the British royal family."   reports from Fiji, where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle arrived to thousands of people lining the streets.   
 	nigger 
 how naive can you be. you deserve whatever you get 
 	For a nonosecond in your head .then he shoots you, rapes your wife , daughter and son , robs the place and leaves.and its because you are a fucking retard and failed at the most basic  thing a man must do. 
 Facebook and Twitter are Nigger Spic Honky Rat Bastards. Had to let that out after being censored. 
 Can I fetch anyone a Midol? 
 	Her hijab is on waaaaaaay too tight.muzzy cunt 
 U have nigger blood, not me  
 This is one dumb ass copper telling lies     
 	Nicely handled. Exposed a twat and forced him to back away from his comments by not being frightened of him. Well done.  
 	 
 		Pretty fuckin much.  We live in clown world. 
 		Upside down, backwards, bizarre-o, clown world! 
 		Lmfao! 
 	But performance enhancement drugs are illegal.  
 	But performance enhancement drugs are illegal.  
 Religious Slaughter: Government Failures and Animal Welfare   The law in the Uk is explicit when it comes to animals and the meat industry: all animals must be stunned before slaughter, in order to reduce stress and pain for the animal. There is one exception, though, and that is religious slaughter (animals killed for halal and kosher purposes). This issue brings about conflict when it comes to animal welfare, for the law designed to protect animals in the Uk are not being upheld because of an exemption that many feel should not exist.   As Anne Marie Waters said in an interview earlier this year:   Religion has been given an exemption on un-stunned slaughter, which renders the laws on this completely meaningless. This is political trickery; introduce a law to protect animals from un-stunned slaughter and then give an exemption to the very people who want to practice un-stunned slaughter. It is disgraceful trickery aimed at duping the public that they care about animals, while simultaneously bowing down to the religious lobby without a moment’s concern for the animal.   The Uk has always been filled with a population of self-proclaimed animal lovers; people who feel passionate about their pets, about animal welfare and preserving species, so how and why has this exemption been created, let alone allowed? If there is a method adopted in slaughterhouses that seeks to minimise suffering, why is the halal and kosher industry going on unchallenged by those in governmental power?   The Food Standard Agency states that there is a zero tolerance towards animal cruelty, and that specially trained veterinarians carry out checks to make sure that there have been no issues concerning the welfare of animals presented for slaughter. However, according to The Independent, the Uk now carries out more halal slaughter than the rest of Europe: it is now widely available in Uk shops, schools and cafes. That un-stunned slaughter is becoming more widespread leaves us with the feeling that animals are being knowingly failed, and that this is being done legally through a loophole upon which government not only allow, but remain silent on.   What is halal and kosher?   Due to religious reasons, many Muslims and Jews have specific requirements for their meat  including blessing but not always stunning the animal before death  and this has resulted in halal and kosher meat being exempt for religious reasons under the law. Each animal, before slaughter, is blessed and then killed with a knife to the throat.   The British Veterinary Association, as well as the Rspca, have spoken against this meat procedure due to the strikingly painful death to each animal killed under that criteria.   This has brought about debate between meat eaters and non-meat eaters: in fact, even many who consume meat in their diet do not like the idea that, due to religious conviction, animals can be killed in this manner. Those who argue against the idea of halal and kosher meat being cruel say that it is no more so than other methods in which animals are killed to produce meat.   The British Veterinary Association (Bva) says it believes all animals should be stunned before slaughter, while the Rspca says not doing so causes unnecessary suffering.  Furthermore, a report from the Fawc said chicken and turkeys were likely to be conscious for up to 20 seconds after a transverse incision is made across their neck.   Full Story:    
 	7th century retarded savages  
 I'm just going to leave this here        Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: The list is getting lengthy and if you don't have a Pro account you can't hit the star and favourite an account/Gabber so I've created a topic which you can do that to.  There is space for a couple more adds to this list.  Thank you all so much.                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                              @Geirmund                              
 	I Am Fucking Disgusted With Lefturd AmERICA. How Fucking Low Can You Degenerates Stoop. Oh wait, let me take that back, y'all nasty people seem to take that as a challenge.   The Regressive Retarded Lefturd losers are trying to incite Us to violence. Do Not Give In. Let them have their Bullshit Day. They have nothing else. They All are Complicit - communists and their mouth organ, the lyingstream media; so-fucking-called entertainers; and now the News is doing fantasy - well at least for now.   Fuck All You Traitors. LOOKInG Forward To The Day When You Hang For What You Have Put We The People Through For So Long. TheRE Is A Special Place In Hell For You, and a Worse place in hell for those who KNOWInGLY elected you. 
 The inevitable clash of Feminism and Black Lives Matter has arrived.   Who is the bigger victim: the insane woman who is desperate for attention, or the little Black boy who dindu nuffin? 
 	A nigger just brutally sucker punched a young, white woman, and easily could have killed her, just because she's white. Almost no Msm coverage, and no mention of the attacker being black.    Compare the coverage of that story, to this non-story.   This is what media looks like when it's completely controlled by evil, hate filled Jews. 
 Macron's latest photoshoot. 
 	What an utter twat and embarrassment he is  
 Uk Government Hires George Soros to Give Police ‘Hate Crime Training’   The Uk has announced it will use taxpayers money to pay for George Soros's hate crime training programme, which will be used on Police officers tackling anti-Muslim hate crimes.Under the guise of fighting "hate speech" and "hate crime," the new Soros funded training smells a lot like the end of free speech.I will also be asking my Anti-Muslim hate crime and Anti-Semitism roundtables to identify what more we can do to stamp out hate crime, Home Secretary Sajid Javid said.As new plans to tackle hate speech" are revealed, the Home Office has promised a police cash boost to give handlers specialist training developed by George Soros's Ngo. The programme will help call handlers to effectively identify if a hate crime has been committed and provide a professional and empathetic response for people who may have suffered personal abuse, according to the ministry’s website.   jihadwatch.org reports: Police Oracle reports that 20,000 of taxpayers’ money will be spent on training delivered by the National Police Chiefs’ Council in partnership with Facing All The Facts, an organisation funded by globalist billionaire George Soros which works with social media companies like Google along with law enforcement agencies across Europe to monitor and fight hate.It is part of the government’s crucial work to tackle all forms of hate crime, support victims and protect the vulnerable from this horrific abuse, the Home Office said.   Later this year, the government will release an updated Hate Crime Action Plan outlining further measures the state intends to take to tackle the five hate crime strands  race, religion, sexual orientation, disability and transgender identities.   The action plan, the first version of which was published shortly after the Brexit vote in summer 2016, defines success as maximising the number of hate incidents reported by members of the public, instructing police and various monitoring agencies to actively solicit complaints.   Sajid Javid said: Hate crimes are totally unacceptable and have no place in British society. I understand the fear, anguish and anger they can cause.Those who have the courage to report these vile crimes deserve as much support as possible. That is why we have provided funding to give police call handlers expert training to spot the signs and respond compassionately. I will also be asking my Anti-Muslim hate crime and Anti-Semitism roundtables to identify what more we can do to stamp out hate crime, the newly-installed Home Secretary said.Announcing their expansion, the Home Office said that the previous work of ‘hate crime’ roundtables includes the creation of a guide to moderate online hate content and a guide to support hate crime victims.It also highlighted ongoing collaboration between the Anti-Muslim Hatred Working Group and Ipso (Independent Press Standards Organisation) in the aid of ensuring sensitive reporting around issues relating to state-designated victim groups.While the number of arrests in Britain has fallen dramatically in recent years, despite large increases in recorded crime, arrests over hateful comments posted online have risen by as much as 877 percent in some parts of England.   Full story:    
 	What the fuck? 
 			You can't even stick to your own narrative. Won't point it out to you. You absolute fucking retard for a troll. Whoever pays you is just as retarded for thinking this is worth the money or effort. 
 Dems are so retarded they can't see past their hood ornaments.  
  
 	This retarded woman spews Pipe Dreams.All Day, Every Day. 
 This is what the left is really scared of.     
 		ha 
 		That's the favorite word of the Left, isn't it? 'Ignorant'.  I'm sure you aren't ignorant to the fact that Negros have a habit of raping White women. Why should we allow these Negros access to White countries? Over and over again, they rape, they pillage and they destroy everything they touch. Why should we let them continue this, free of consequences? 
 		That's the favorite word of the Left, isn't it? 'Ignorant'.  I'm sure you aren't ignorant to the fact that Negros have a habit of raping White women. Why should we allow these Negros access to White countries? Over and over again, they rape, they pillage and they destroy everything they touch. Why should we let them continue this, free of consequences? 
 Socialist candidate in Florida gillum employed staffer that promoted trump’s execution.    
 		That’s sad.  
 		That’s sad.  
 Watch  Liberals Freak Out Over Kanye-Trump Meeting  ‘That was an assault on our White House’    
 	Trump is a good politician.but you know inside he thinks kanye is a Pos useful nigger 
 Suck my balls faggot 
 You'd better start worrying about Michelle Obama because even though she's postponing taking heat by claiming that she's not running for President, she is still filling arenas for campaign rallies that she's disguising as a "book tour".    And this is despite Charging people $30 - $500 to get in!   68% approval when she left White house    
 	Bring It on . 
 		Useless retard muted 
 Finally1recogniz.B/C this 4nigga from Africa which are killing W/Farmers to starve n/generation then crying back to White man"feed me"and muzzie an Mex haters not for bleeding heart liberal/dems perverts.W/Men should Never More fight and Die 4 another Race ever again.I Can See Clearly Now The Rain Is Gone,I Can See All Obsticles In My Way 
 	Anytime a nigger commits a violent crime against a White person, the sentence should be death. Even if it's just hitting a White. That's the only way these monkeys will learn. It's how slaves were punished. It was right then, and would be right now. 
 Hillary Jail   WikiLeaks issued a statement saying they will take down Hillary by Oct 21st, by showing she sold classified military secrets to Saudi Arabia.          
 		Being drawn out for two years so far , going nowhere.  I'm losing faith in this guy  
 		Aye as am I, I won’t believe it until the bitch and her lackeys are rotting in gitmo.  
 		People have said if Obama gave Clinton & friends blanket pardons on his last day, we would need to prosecute them for crimes after his last day. 
 		Or laying in a morgue  
 		Or laying in a morgue  
 Whites have two choices:  (1) Stand up and advocate for our racial interests, as all other races do; or (2) do nothing and go extinct.   In order to survive long-term, we Whites will need our own ethno-states.                #Q    
 	half of whites like diversity. they don't want an ethnostate. 
 		Oh, so half of whites have been brainwashed to kill themselves and go extinct, so that means whites should all do nothing and go extinct? What the fuck sort of anti white, cunt logic is that?  
 The b**ch does that because she know thta the uk is ruled by mental retarded people.   
 	This self loathing sow really must hate herself and life. So much jealousy. 
 	This self loathing sow really must hate herself and life. So much jealousy. 
 Right?  I'm legitimately scared. If I was in one of those southern states I would be losing my shit.  Arizona & Texas are fuuuckked.    We need a leader or something.  We can't just keep sitting here doing nothing because we're losing the fucking numbers game.  Before we know it, there won't be enough of us left to do shit even if we wanted to. 
 		"The left are supposed to look out" The 'left' couldn't care less about any of the things you listed. For them it's simply a surrogate activity to gain power. That's why they seamlessly take diametrically opposed positions, to the eternal befuddlement of the incredulous retarded right. 
 This is peak degeneracy. This is the time we order in the right wing death squads. 
 	iggy pop and the stooges said something about this.   
 		get away from me faggot or i will break your jaw. 
    Nobody ever has or ever will have respect for a bully.  We paid all that money for you to have Palestine,  now go live in it. This is why people hate gay men, it's way beyond religion,  you're psycho. Nobody ever did shit to you and you're not changing anything by being a loser online. 
 	What else you got. The retarded thing from all this is you keep talking to a gay psychopath loser online. Just because you can't get out of the questions that i answered but you can't. So sad  
 Colin Powell tears into Trump: "We the People" has become "Me the President"      
 	big black boot was nothing but a nigger affirmative  action ass kissing bureaucrat. damn pentagon token nigger. 
 Share if you think Feminism is a mental illness. 
 	That cunt has the mind of a insane person . Dems are full of this kind of ppl 
 Another leftist cunt that does not understand that 'fascism' is about control, just like socialism or communism.  And it is a Reaction To  Marxism.  
 Keith Ellison, muslim, supporter of sharia law and islamic terrorists (Cair), and abuser of women wants to be the top law enforcement officer in Minnesota.   Come on Minnesota - don't let this travesty take place in your state. 
 	Everything Is On The Line  I TheY Make TheRE Top Law Enforcement Officer A LawLESS Muslim COMMUNIsT Nigger TheY Deserve Whatever Befalls TheM.  RIsE Up And Save Yourself 
 The Bbc never emphasizes the religion of a criminal . unless it’s to point out that he surprisingly isn’t a Muslim. 
 	bbc Always proteks kidfuckers just like Jimmy Sick Faggot Saville 
 		If any harm to  her you stupid demon worshiping pig ,and maybe if you fucks weren't sand nigger terrorists ,like Isis we wouldn't have to worry about White women getting hurt by you Bitch  
 And yet you're still a pussy assed faggot who refuses to advocate or defend political violence out of some kind loyalty to the "principle" of "civility" or some sheeit lmao. You people talk so much shit about normie conservatives and their misplaced affinity towards "muh constitution" but your refusal to defend violence is just as misplaced. 
 	Not many are honest enough to admit this. 
 		This was on Twitch btw but could apply anywhere.  The guy was actually visibly angry at me and practically telling me not to use it. 
 			Just cowards. 
 			'You're as bad as the other side if you do it though!'  So what? It's a conflict and I'll use it. It's the stupid centrist mentality when the enemy will do any dirty shit they want but the lites want the moral high ground. 
 			'You're as bad as the other side if you do it though!'  So what? It's a conflict and I'll use it. It's the stupid centrist mentality when the enemy will do any dirty shit they want but the lites want the moral high ground. 
 Kanga kickboxing ends in kanga murder.   
 	damn. 
 		Now I have another fighter I'd take over mcgregor. See him lose in less than 4 rounds last night?  
 			No.  What a shame. 
 					Yah, I missed the after fight fight too. 
 					Yah, I missed the after fight fight too. 
 Soros and the Rothschildes are really getting a ramming here so, I don't know what you are talking about? Lyne can't show her cunt face in public anymore.  
 Creepy Porn Lawyer Avenatti Reveals Another Accuser  Claims She Saw Kavanaugh ‘Spike Punch and Abuse Girls  
 	I Cannot Even Read This Excrement Any More.   How convenient the cunt had a "reboot" of her memory, after Kavanaugh published he was at "beach week" during the time in question.   Wouldn't it be ironic if what Kavanaugh published was carefully constructed Bs to honey-trap a few bees? I don't believe this any more than I believed anything else Porn dog lawyer puts out. 
  
 	See those guys they know if they touch anything on that building they might catch Aids Hiv. 
 		You are being an annoying retard right now. Nazis arrested flamboyant gay men and labeled them with a pink triangle, they weren't gay wearing pink triangles, you moron. 
 I have no intention of stealing the identity of a moron, I'm pointing out how retarded you are for posting it online.  And you talk a big game about antifa, when all you have as a counterargument is Tos violating spam. You have nothing. 
 	Jews invented "minority rights" both for themselves and other nigger groups to harass us and wear us down.everywhere the cucks bend like willow trees 
 If we could only mute all celebrities. 
 	One man can. 
 		Stupid nigger chink lmao 
  Are you mad at the fact that someone is calling you out on your gay porn collection? 
 						You can spam all you like this is funny. It just shows how weak you are. I guess being inbred does that to you. 
 							So faggot you done spamming? Are you going back to jerk your little jew dick to porn? 
 		It is really only the few at the top that matter.  The vast majority of Retarded Jews who are no more than programmed monkey brains can be sacrificed for the elites good.  Unfortunately the average Jew has the intelligence of a typical Gnat. 
 Hello, Folks! Quick Update: I've been back home on the east coast for the past few weeks continuing to animate the long-awaited sequel of Waking Up. Some more green screen skits and short films are in the works as well, including A Clockwork Orange parody that I'll be filming this month. Very excited to get back to the creative grind. Stay Tuned for Previews! 
 	Hey  is this "meme" of the American Psycho for real?   Shit man I could fart a better meme after blowing a bucket load of diarrhea at your face.   Jesus Christ woman, I trusted you. Now you f'n talk what the fuck is his name?   Patrick Bateman? Shit, the f'n guy was actually a jew 'n you go with his jew defined gentile meme? No explanation?   Rethink it cunt 
 		Dumbass, Europe and much of the rest of the West have been "post Christian", like the Jews want them, for over 50 years.     
 			What you're saying, is that christians let the jews take over   Which, I already knew.   Christians killed Japs, Fascists and NAZIs who were killing (((commies))) - then, you imported (((commies))) to America as 'refugees.'   Then, you gave half of white, christian, Europe to (((commies)) in the old Ussr   Now, you whine because (((commies))) are replacing you 
 				Lol now you are missing the mark even more. Jews took over because Whites abandoned Christianity, which is absolutely anti-Jew. Your dumbassed "pre-Christian" concept never worked, as Jews thrived in pagan Europe, and especially in Rome. 
 					Right, a jewish religion with a jewish messiah, is anti-jewish, makes perfect sense . 
 						Well, it wouldn't make sense to a brain-washed dolt who has accepted the entire Jewish narrative concerning ancient history. 
 							How many times does the bible say jesus is jewish? How many times does it call jesus a rabbi?   Totally anti-jewish . 
 								So the criminals who infiltrated Judaea and eventually became known as Jews have orchestrated the same idientity theft that they use so effectively now. 
 												Cite your quotations or fuck off, a link to an entire website is not a goddamn citation 
 Warning: Graphic Video: Nh Attorney General Rules Rochester Police Shooting Justified   Douglas Heath was wanted on several outstanding warrants when he opened fire on officers  
 	to bad this guy wasn't black then we could see some riots and some cops charged. 
 		go fuck yourself and suck a nigger cock you fucking cuck. 
 insanity: Don’t you think it’s weird that the prince kisses Snow White without her permission? Because you can't kiss someone if they’re sleeping!   
 	Some other twat said this years ago. 
 Are you against intraracial relationships? If so tell me why in the replies. 
 		Exactly those fucking jews introduced Marxism in the Usa and liberals bought that shit cuz they was to stupid to see why hitler wanted them dead. Now its ok to be anything but a white male    
 Why Is France No Longer French?   Watch:    Daniel Conversano and Timothé Vorgenss from Suavelos joins Lana to discuss how France has been transformed by mass immigration. Is France, as we've known it, lost forever? 
 	conversano is a complete retard and a pure product of zion   fuck that guy    seriously how the fuck a guy that look like an arab can speak about france ? 
 	White women look better than mud women.  
 		I am a "mud woman" of which you speak.     However, to judge an individual solely on appearance is trite. 
 			Who wants to hook up with an ugly person? Do you hook up with ugly guys if they have nice personalities? The average white woman is prettier than the average darkie. That's why the mud men are always drooling whenever they see a white woman pass by.  
 				(s)he hooks up with whomever pays. Come on now everybody knows the rules of engagement among this fucking liberal cult  
 					This is why civilized people hesitate to join Gab.     These leftist white supremacists are Insane. 
 						left wing white supremists?  no such animal exists 
 							White supremacism is collectivism.     Ergo, white supremacists are leftists. 
 																		And this retarded bitch has over 5k followers. 
 This is why alot of parks get closed off.  Retarded faggots wrecking everything.  Who cares about a ciggarette butt or two 
 	Moreover, Loli is still illegal in some parts of the world. There've been a few up here that have gone to jail for it. Do these folks really want to get gab shut down just so they can punch nuts to drawn 8 year olds? 
 	Moreover, Loli is still illegal in some parts of the world. There've been a few up here that have gone to jail for it. Do these folks really want to get gab shut down just so they can punch nuts to drawn 8 year olds? 
 Texas School Counselor Sentenced to 5 Years for Sexual Misconduct, Pleads Innocence    
 	Another white woman. never a nigger or a jew or a brownskin in any of these fucking stories. Jüdenpresse is working hard to demonize whites eh? 
 The Democrats have either won every special election (so far), or severely cut Trump's margin of victory in '16. This doesn't bode well for the midterms.    Imagine the Republicans defied all odds and won a super-majority in both chambers of Congress. What would change for us? Virtually nothing. They'll privatize social security and send our troops to Iran. 
 	The only thing the Gop can hope for is 3-4 senate seats gained and keeping the house. It may happen because the Dems made a big mistake with how they handled the K situation. They angered Gop suburb cucks and got nothing out of it because he will be confirmed anyway.  
 		What's funny is that Trump could fuck this up at any moment. Say something horribly offensive about a black congresswoman on twitter. Etc. That'll turn out the nigger vote to Roy Moore levels. 
 What could possibly go wrong? 
 	Hey dummies, those are empty. 
 		Calm down? What does that mean? Was I out of line? Did I not perceive the post in such a way, as you would have me? I am laughing at all the dummies who think someone would do something so stupid, as to endanger himself and others by being unsafe on the job, because only a retard would do that if they were full bottles. Think about it. 
 Jews Are Smartest Race In The World And Superior Humans, Israeli Lawmaker Claims    
 	Jews just have a good programmer.  They are fucking retarded! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.  Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.   Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are.  
 Darkness Deepens in Windsor, Ontario  Mysterious Habibullah Ahmad remains untried for attempted murder of Anne Widholm.    
 	Care to wager that this piece of shit is related to, and/or under the protection of, Turd Boy's Somali "immigration and refugees" minister? Niggers are world experts at nepotism and corruption, Somalis in particular because they're also muzzrotten to the core. There's nothing worse than a nigger that's also a mudslime. 
 It's remarkable to see that chilly is still alive, and not dead from an overdose of prescription drugs. The cunt 
 Oh boohoo, a man possibly/maybe/probably not touching some slut's boobs 35 years ago doesn't disqualify him from the Supreme Court, cry me a river. 
 	If Ford's allegations came up against Merrick Garland, retarded liberals would be singing the exact opposite tune. Just goes to show how you behave when your only morals are based upon a foundation of political thinking and nothing else. 
 With that sense of entitlement, she should fit in just fine in California. 
 	filthy baby factory 
 		Why be mad at her? She's just a retard with a low Iq.  No.  Rather I'm mad at Pro Lifers eho preach all lives are precious,  illegal alien babies on welfare just as valuable as white working families  
 Truth! Riley Dennis is also one Ugly fucking thing. 
 	Christine Blasey Ford  . looks like she was a marine, whose face caught on fire, and someone put it out with a shovel. I know I know,  no personal attacks .but the bitch bull dyke deserved it! 
 Obama presided over a huge transfer of wealth to the 1%    
 	So all you little fuckers that want to blame boomers for your light in life hunt this nigger down and take your $$$ back. 
 Thanks a lot Boomers: 
 	Ignoramous the boomers didn't steal the $$$$$! Get off your lazy fucking nigger ass and earn your way just we did.  You entitled faggots want everything for free.  Keep voting for liberal cunts.  Your're all stupid.  You deserve to fail. 
 Better educated men and women are more likely to exclude blacks as romantic partners.     Source:  
 	Most women I’ve seen with blacks are fat hillbilly trailer trash 
 	Most women I’ve seen with blacks are fat hillbilly trailer trash 
 Some of the county roads have been cleared and opened by good ol’ boys with tractors and a good heart. The county hasn’t been able to get there to do it. 
 	amen for my redneck home boys, miss y'all a lot 
 Splatter your brains faggot 
 Gop lawmaker tells top Dem: "Apologize to my children" after accusation of racism      
 	This low-T  faggot is getting added to my Royal Shit List.  
 Tucker had two segments tonight with filthy commie spokesholes.   First, a lying nigger commie named Quentin James who says there is as much uncivil public violence coming from the right as from the left.   Second, bald-headed meth-teeth commie Democrat anal-yst & Clinton aide Richard Goodstein lying about Kavanaugh.   It is too hard to watch Tucker anymore. 
 	Why are you concerned with him then?   'Jesus said to him, "Let the dead bury their own dead, but you go and proclaim the kingdom of God."' Luke 9:60 
 		Christ was talking about someone who had dies, idiot. By your logic, we should not defend our faith, or root out devils in our own Christian forums.  I am not lukewarm. And I could give a fuck about this faggot peter. I do this to edify fellow Christians. You don't like it, I don't give a shit. 
 It's almost as though  became Nazis headquarters  
 	Next time you link to a retard propaganda site, offer some warning. Damn, just went there and now I can't get the funk off of me!  
 Sucha Morbidly Obese Autistic Fucking Nigger Faggot 
 The Chad Renaissance Baby vs the weak gay retarded vaccinated idiot "modern baby" 
 Here's another reason I'm not interested in going back to Twitter.    I used to read everything Max Boot wrote.    And then he was bought off or blackmailed or lost his mind or decided to expose himself as a total fraud.    We can't even count the videos of Trump supporters being beaten bloody by mobs, but Max Boot ignores them and concentrates on Pelosi being shouted at.    Twitter is the domain of the soulless. I feel Much Better not going there. Sometimes I read Trump's feed, and that leads me to tweets like this one, but for the most part I stay away from Twitter.    Most of you had never heard of Max Boot. He was a great intellect. I admired him a lot. But like Jim Treacher, he turned out to be a massively negative mental patient who--like the Democrats--will fight to the death to prevent You and Me from having better lives.    These people are well paid regardless of who is in power. Therefore we must conclude that they're all like George Soros and take pleasure in ruining the lives of millions.    When I was a child, my biggest fear was that all adults were crazy and dangerous. Although I'm not Afraid of people like Max Boot, I Do hate them, because I know from personal experience that they will never stop.    We have to do things Their way, or they will work tirelessly to destroy us. This is a generic mindset that was created by horrendous childhood abuse--but that doesn't matter. Hitler, Stalin, and Saddam Hussein were all abused. Bashar al-Assad was abused.    Jack the Ripper was abused.    It doesn't matter Why these people won't stop. All that matters is the fact that they won't stop.    Luckily Trump feels the way I do. When people make their beds, they get to sleep in them.    Certain words and actions allow you to write off people. You no longer have to worry about their welfare.    If Max Boot called me and said, "I'm on fire! Bring a bucket of water!" I'd hang up the phone.    Because if I put out the fire, he'd resume trying to destroy me after he recovered. And he'd say, "So what? You were stupid enough to save me. Blame yourself."    See, I've had all of this happen to me. I know what I'm talking about.    But everything will change after the midterms.    Just watch, 
 	I sincerely hope that everyone who’s still active on the twatter is letting that faggot Boot know that he’s a fake Pos 
 Nigger - it's what You said you wanted. Btw you're "checkinng your list" on Gab. So the left isn't your enemy - the right is? Are you Antifa? 
 Tell that to the Blacks thriving in Detroit until the Democrats took over. 
 	what the fuck is wrong with these people. is it a pathology? or some kind of actual brain-eating parasite? 
 		  I have no idea what is wrong with people who allow their bigoted biases to interfere with facts. These people are supposedly superior intellectually, yet they run around frothing at the moth in fear of those they should be able to dominate. You would think they wouldn't even think about them. 
 			the fact is you are a nigger as well as a faggot.  
 Thank God "Nikki" Haley is gone. But she's probably going to run against Trump or find some way to sabotage him now. 
 	Retarded boomers that never figured out what neocons are adore the streetshitter. Of course entirely due to the female and nonwhite aspects combined with all the pro pissrael shit. 
 you are a coward. a white Pos nigger lover. drop dead rat.Lol 
 Germany  -  A horde of illegal asylum seekers have gone on a rampage at an Edeka supermarket in Überlingen (Lake Constance), leaving it completely devastated. There is no police report on this event, nor can you find anything in the German media about it.   The media works hand in glove with the Merkel government to keep the public from knowing how bad things are. 
 	Merkel muss weg! 
 		Called " nigger swarming " 
 Fyi i was the first (if I may say so) to use "rancid" to describe, for instance, feminist wackjobs. It was purposeful; I lifted the lexicon of the Left and used it against them. Apparently, effete nothingman Lowry is doing the same, except against the Real Right that is rapidly making him obsolete. 
 	National Review: conserving nothing but the going rates of Dc male escort services since 1955 
 		seriously how many fags are on Nr's staff? It's gotta be north of 25% of total employees. 
 			His work was featured in Nr occasionally. Until 2007, when faggot Horowitz shoahed him from Frontpage Mag for having the audacity to point out that nignogs tend to rape white girls an awful lot 
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	That’s crap It’s as much of a real poll as Hillary making a poll in during hillary speech to only Hillary voters  Fuck Off Nazi Fake Gab Losers 
 		Where did you find the Racist askeNAZI Jew losers?  I think it is well known that all askeNAZI JewS are Retarded Racist losers!  
 Ahahahahahahaha 
 	And then a retarded black midget backflipped out of a helicopter and called Trump a poopoo head. 
 I hope that that Pos Kenyan faggot has fun being raped at Gitmo later   
 			  The Jew haters love Islam conspiracy theory pops up again lol 
 					Yeah. Why they whinge about 14 million benign Jews and totally ignore 1.6 billion Islamics who really do want to destroy western society. 
 						The jews use muslims to destroy white nations. Why isn't Isis attacking Israel? 
 							1st Isis isn't destroying white races. It's killing its own kind.   2nd. Israel would wipe Isis off the map if they attacked it. Israel is not Iraq or Syria where they can roam around freely. They let Hamas do the attacking there. It would also harm the "Palestinian" cause if Isis were seen joining in with it. 
 								People who aid terrorists, like Israel, are America's enemy. People like 'Johann' who spread lying propaganda for them, are spies committing cyber terror. Spies need a quick trial & a public hanging.   
 														you know how many times they attacked al-nusra and others islamist rebels at the border between israel and syria ? Zero you know why the druz shot an israeli ambulance? ask yourself dumbo jesus fucking christ how retarded are you 
 Caught Rewriting History  
 	Nigger politicians can't spell "truth" much less allow it to escape from their boot lips. 
 Slavette actress Milla Jovovich, born Milica Bogdanovna Jovovich on December 17, 1975 in Kiev, Ukraine, Ussr.  
 		Pretty sure that she's married and has kids now. 
 		I have known a few 
 		I have known a few 
 Rt :    Americans are paying $667 billion to the pentagon this year.  What is this colossal expenditure getting them?  Is it protecting them from foreign invasion?  Does a military have any other fundamental purpose?  Protect the border or give us our money back. 
 	12 dead F-22 stealth fighters at Tyndall, as they could not be flown out of the way of a storm, as they had been cannibalized for parts? Oh, and a lot of other retarded broken shit that can't win wars against goat fuckers? 
 10.18.18 2 am Frequencies Off The Charts - Particularly Out Of Houston, Southern States, Ca, Nv    neverlosetruth    
 		Only bc you do not understand the science behind Haarp and their ability to combine many small storms into a MFer. e.g.Harver; Maria; Irma and now, Michael. Don't 'ignore' real science. That would be 'ignorant'. 
 		I Am Really Good At Physics Maybe You Can Outline The Way It Might Work For Me 
 		I'd like to when I have more time and can send you some links to read. I'm already a 'Life-Coach' to 6 clients. 
 		I'd like to when I have more time and can send you some links to read. I'm already a 'Life-Coach' to 6 clients. 
        - "This based faggot understood the importance of women never speaking to men unless spoken to- [but] the perfidious nature of the kikes was never reported". 
 The lifeless gaze of an inept cuck: 
 		I was going to post the same thought. He does. Or some kind of pedo or furry/animal raper. 
 		I was going to post the same thought. He does. Or some kind of pedo or furry/animal raper. 
 President Trump responds to Eric Holder's "kick them" comments      
 	What Eric holder has done is tantamount to greenlighting violence against Republicans and ordinary Americans just look what happened with the twat and the 200 lb Bomb that he was going to detonate on polling day Democrats are terrorists and extremely hazardous to your health. 
 	What Eric holder has done is tantamount to greenlighting violence against Republicans and ordinary Americans just look what happened with the twat and the 200 lb Bomb that he was going to detonate on polling day Democrats are terrorists and extremely hazardous to your health. 
 I guess I could play Grand Theft Auto and shoot niggers but i feel like ive shot evry type of nigger they have at least 5 times they need to release an expansion pack with new niggers  
 Why do leftists spend more time promoting nazis ( drawing graffiti, projecting with zero evidence) than actual nazi supporters? 
 	Most Nazi supporters (At least those I have spoken with) are competent enough not to be a evangelical twat about their ideals. why spend time preaching to everyone about the ideology when it wont serve any purpose.  
 		My point being, I don't see any actual nazi supporters in the public eye. Only see leftists promoting it as justification for and to wield their hate as a power 
 		Well most legit supporters are ostracized completely out of the light since most don't actually understand what the Nazi's believed. most are too fixated on the early day's though and are fully entrenched in cultural Marxism and white guilt 
 		The constant crying wolf by the leftists isle sensitizing any legitimacy they may actually have.  
 		Does not help they pledge allegiance to a ideology that killed more than the Nazis. as far as I could tell anyone who died under Nazi rule died on purpose. not on accident unlike the mass starvation in the soviet union due to science denial and gross incompetence  
 		Does not help they pledge allegiance to a ideology that killed more than the Nazis. as far as I could tell anyone who died under Nazi rule died on purpose. not on accident unlike the mass starvation in the soviet union due to science denial and gross incompetence  
 And you are? Who fuckin cares about.mu twitter.echo chamber goons.every day.here caus banned.cant get banned from something you never gave a fuck about.goddamnd fuckin twat crybabys. 
 And you are? Who fuckin cares about.mu twitter.echo chamber goons.every day.here caus banned.cant get banned from something you never gave a fuck about.goddamnd fuckin twat crybabys. 
 	When even the blacks are white supremecists.  
 	When even the blacks are white supremecists.  
 Pull to refresh on mobile web is live  
 	Tell Torba to stop being a faggot by banning lolicon which is perfectly legal in the United States  
  We shouldn't hold Kaitlan's past tweets calling people "fags" in college against her.  She was young and ignorant.  I mean, she didn't even know the difference between Republicans and Democrats until Cnn hired her last year.  
 					Agree. 
 					Agree. 
 a b s o l u t e    u n i t 
 	R E P E N T 
 			He had a greater effect on him by not doing so.  
 			He had a greater effect on him by not doing so.  
 Sen. Chuck Schumer admits Israel has nuclear weapons at the National Press Club       I wonder how many of Israel's loyal shabbos goy's will Still deny Israel has illegal nuclear weapons?   >99.999% of them?   <99.999% of them? 
 	If Israel uses it's nukes, will anyone remember the Holocaust? 
 		Israels illegal nukes are a nuclear  state terrorist threat. i believe Iran has them (x-55 Iran Ukraine)  and that's why the Zionazi entity has not attacked Iran.  
  
 	To be completely fair, some of the Mgtow types are older men who have been raped by divorce and who are too old to start over. That can't be easy for them. 
 		Lol.  I am divorced.  I didnt become a whiny faggot as a result.   
 .tbh being an uncaring, uninterested heartless twat sounds kinda fun. if somebody is trapped in a burning building i'll only give a shit about it by laughing my ass off at them. otherwise ain't worth my precious wasted time. 
 You americans and catholics of miscellaneous plumage. Coming to teach us about christianity and paganism. Its really Rome you should be thinking about. 
 	We are thinking about it, but Catholicism isn't a democracy. So when the Vatican decides to abandon Catholicism in favor of Protestantism, there is not a whole lot we can do about it. But when a pagan says something thats retarded on the internet its really easy to let them know why they are retarded. 
 haha you're the one lashing out like a bitch with your butthurt 300 word posts. whats most funny is that you are a "nazi" but you sound like a ghetto nigga. "look at ma grillz" "look at ma hoes". and you are a half nigger if remember correctly. greek, smh. 
 Jackson Cosko:  Staffer Arrested 4 Senate Burglary, Doxxing Republicans    Operative of  &    Broke Into Senate Offices, Stole Files = Major Felonies!   How will  Cover Up this crime?       
 	this little faggot takes it up the ass 
 Ya don't say . 
 	if you are that retarded you need to be in jail 
  
 	Christ, a fat dyke.who knew? 
 			Whadyaknow, a cocksucking Nutzi.go away. 
 	Same the world over. 
 			Starting with you?  
 									Such a Cunt you are my little facist  
 Shit they threatened Kavanaugh’s wife and daughters with death threatsWhy can’t we threaten them also.One cunt cut off Trump’S head.Snoopie puppy shot Trump. 
 At Donald Trump’s rally in Johnson City Tennessee, a group of immigration protesters disrupts the rally while waving a Mexico flag.    
 	What a bunch of misguided and educationally retarded children!  "Open Borders" means that everyone in mexico & south america can come on up and slurp at the welfare trough.  If mexico is go great, maybe we should use mexico's immigration system (look it up)! 
 	 tell your kids explicitly never trust or help any dark raced people.  
 Someone finally noticed Brock Is A Tax Evading Cunt Hole Of A Faggot?    
 Rep. Joe Kennedy: Americans Must Welcome the Migrant Caravan   
 		Kennedy's Got what they Deserved ! 
 		And the Us got the Kennedys that they didn't. 
 		And the Us got the Kennedys that they didn't. 
 'Horseface' Trends on Twitter for First Time Following Trump's Tweet     Stormy Cavern Cunt 
 Brave! Until the bullets start flying. Then you will be looking for a man to protect you. 
 	Wrong Mary! Not every woman is a dyke  man hating idiot! Only brain damaged feminazis think like you! 
 2020 Democratic Dream Team    
 	Ha Ha Trump says he dreams about [which idiots will run] Thinks about them in his sleep [about what a shit show it will be and how he will gleefully mop the floor / expose the shit out of them / make them look like the retarded reptiles they are] at his rally today. [I am paraphrasing or something]  These two would be magical. 
 Boom! Joe DiGenova on Kavanaugh: Democrats Don’t Care if They Sacrifice a Fine Man And I Say to Them, I Hope You All Rot in Hell (Video)  
 	This British cunt Ian morn to be trusted no matter how it appears  
 One last thing about Elle magazine: They could have chosen any celebrity or celebrity couple for a salacious click bait story. They chose Kanye because of his pro Trump opinions and it was designed to put more pressure on his wife to leave him. Forget that they’re a family of 5 and his mental health is in question. Compassionate people, liberals are. 
 	his wife isn’t gonna have to leave him hes a nigger rapper so before too long another nigger rapper will shoot him somewhere that’s how that always works itself out  
 John Kasich Refuses To Say If He’s Happy Brett Kavanaugh Got Confirmed To The Supreme Court      
 	The only thing that surprises me about John Kasich is that Ohioans have ever put up with this pearl clutching dweeb. He outdoes Evan McMullin on the Idiot Scale 
 			Bigger faggot than Jeff Flake even. 
  
 	TrumpsnSTILL owes a million $ But we all know he’s a fat stupid lying cunt who Never pays up. He has zero integrity  
 dr Christine Blasey fraud your a cunt and nothing but a cunt .    
 Michelle Obama Is a Man- New Proof 2018!    
 	You know you can find pictures of her as a child and she is clearly a woman. We have bigger things to worry about. Why are you losers still hung up on people that arent even relevant anymore? Talk about beating a dead fucking horse.  
 		Omfg kill yourself. Why dont you suck her dick if you are so worried about it. Your country is falling to pieces and you are worried about if a woman has a dick. Seriously you retard do you not even hear yourself? 
 Biological male wins women's world cycling championship   
 	Can't wait for some big faggot Buck Nigga to start punching the shit out of female boxers, the worlds gone fucking mad since cast ya semen ya!   Piece of shit wimp not gonna win a raffle never mind play with the girlies they are easy to beat if you're really a Man! 
 Inciting Civil War   Hillary Clinton Cheers Attacks on Republicans   ‘You cannot be civil with a political party that wants to destroy what you stand for’    
 	Astoundingly unbelievable.   Mrs. Clinton has now said that  "cannot be civil" with "the basket of deplorables."   I vow to publish at least one post here on  every single day until November 6 to encourage everyone to vote straight-ticket  in the #2018Midterms.   I have had it with this inane, insidious, incoherent garbage. 
 			Sand niggers will do. 
 Writer for the Colbert Show wrote this Tweet yesterday.  She deleted it and locked her account right afterwards.   We will make sure this vile Tweet gets around so the American people know where to place their vote in November! 
 	Dumbass twat 
 kill every goat fucking sand nigger in your country and you wont have that problem (dont worry.we here in the Us need to do the same thing).man woman child and their pet goat  
 	What in the Allahdamn hell happened to article 19!   
 	What in the Allahdamn hell happened to article 19!   
 She's retarded don't be mean to her. 
 Thenx Targets Your Stubborn Belly Fat  
 	shitty nigger music ruins the whole video. How many times is this guy going to say "fuck", "shit" and "mother fucker"? He is worst than a ghetto nigger!   
 This fuckin cunt with the big nose gesuz there are two of em one is a pig and the other is an fbi director pigs kid  
 Fuck the Saudis. These goathumpers only have "Saudi" Arabia because of the stupid faggot brits and WW1 compounded by the stupid faggot brits and WW2. 
 Chris Mathias is trying to whip up a Twitter mob to go after Gavin McInnes 
 	He is a faggot 
 They tell us this is what Middle Eastern babies looked like in the 1st century and wipepo be like, "seems legit."  
 	 
 		but this is what he looked like, do you know the demographics of the middle east before the islamic invasions? 
 			they are mixed with a bunch of shit and the egyptians were not white they were part nigger Nubian  
 Rt townhallcom    McCaskill: I Want James O'Keefe Investigated.Because He Exposed My Anti-Gun Views And I Want To Be Re-Elected      
 	Lying cunt got caught.  
  Thread that might be of interest to you re: Af/Wm pairs and NOWAGs.  
 				hmmm. I'll give that some thought, but it doesn't match my observations. we're working at the margins - most (Ne) asian women don't divorce - so each instance must be examined for what drove the leap, and all I've ever seen is "drama+$$$=tingles". tingles need both ingredients every time I've seen a divorce "drama+poor" isn't enough, nor "boring+$$$" 
 				hmmm. I'll give that some thought, but it doesn't match my observations. we're working at the margins - most (Ne) asian women don't divorce - so each instance must be examined for what drove the leap, and all I've ever seen is "drama+$$$=tingles". tingles need both ingredients every time I've seen a divorce "drama+poor" isn't enough, nor "boring+$$$" 
 Claire McCaskill Demands Investigation Into Project Veritas Videos    O’Keefe Responds    
 		McCaskill is going down November 6th. 
 		 Praise Kek! 
 		 Praise Kek! 
  
 	fuck that goddamn Nigger piece of fucking Shit!  
  
 	Is this another faggot that's going to hide when the niggers are rioting? 
 Uk Government Hires George Soros to Give Police ‘Hate Crime Training’   The Uk has announced it will use taxpayers money to pay for George Soros's hate crime training programme, which will be used on Police officers tackling anti-Muslim hate crimes.Under the guise of fighting "hate speech" and "hate crime," the new Soros funded training smells a lot like the end of free speech.I will also be asking my Anti-Muslim hate crime and Anti-Semitism roundtables to identify what more we can do to stamp out hate crime, Home Secretary Sajid Javid said.As new plans to tackle hate speech" are revealed, the Home Office has promised a police cash boost to give handlers specialist training developed by George Soros's Ngo. The programme will help call handlers to effectively identify if a hate crime has been committed and provide a professional and empathetic response for people who may have suffered personal abuse, according to the ministry’s website.   jihadwatch.org reports: Police Oracle reports that 20,000 of taxpayers’ money will be spent on training delivered by the National Police Chiefs’ Council in partnership with Facing All The Facts, an organisation funded by globalist billionaire George Soros which works with social media companies like Google along with law enforcement agencies across Europe to monitor and fight hate.It is part of the government’s crucial work to tackle all forms of hate crime, support victims and protect the vulnerable from this horrific abuse, the Home Office said.   Later this year, the government will release an updated Hate Crime Action Plan outlining further measures the state intends to take to tackle the five hate crime strands  race, religion, sexual orientation, disability and transgender identities.   The action plan, the first version of which was published shortly after the Brexit vote in summer 2016, defines success as maximising the number of hate incidents reported by members of the public, instructing police and various monitoring agencies to actively solicit complaints.   Sajid Javid said: Hate crimes are totally unacceptable and have no place in British society. I understand the fear, anguish and anger they can cause.Those who have the courage to report these vile crimes deserve as much support as possible. That is why we have provided funding to give police call handlers expert training to spot the signs and respond compassionately. I will also be asking my Anti-Muslim hate crime and Anti-Semitism roundtables to identify what more we can do to stamp out hate crime, the newly-installed Home Secretary said.Announcing their expansion, the Home Office said that the previous work of ‘hate crime’ roundtables includes the creation of a guide to moderate online hate content and a guide to support hate crime victims.It also highlighted ongoing collaboration between the Anti-Muslim Hatred Working Group and Ipso (Independent Press Standards Organisation) in the aid of ensuring sensitive reporting around issues relating to state-designated victim groups.While the number of arrests in Britain has fallen dramatically in recent years, despite large increases in recorded crime, arrests over hateful comments posted online have risen by as much as 877 percent in some parts of England.   Full story:    
 	What the fuck? 
 			Then what about all the other problem people who aren't Jews? Again, my mind isn't inverted. You are a retarded shill. 
 My muslim pal asked me what it was like to be drunk,   "Oh, you just make a cunt of yourself, talk shit and want to fight the world." I told him.   "So, it's just like Islam then?" He replied. 
 I think I'm going to beat this cunt down just for fun, and film it and youtube it and monetize it. And live off the proceeds. Nothing more humiliating for a man than to be beat down by a tranny  
 	 another challenger approaches 
 		The Left worked its magic in the 1960s, and now anything not anti-white is taboo. Typical Leftism. 
 		They're going to have to get Ace to shut down Warden, who wrote the post 
 		Yeah, Warden has been slumming in here with us deplorables a bit too long.  We are corrupting him. 
 		Yeah, Warden has been slumming in here with us deplorables a bit too long.  We are corrupting him. 
 2 Somali "refugees" who hacked man's head with machetes given short sentences    
 	Time to revive the nigger hunt. 
 Deathwish is a faggot 
  Do you have a picture which shows all the countries which used swastikas in the past? i'm trying to search for it, show to some cunt who refuses to believe so. Thanks. 
 	Portland's Mayor Allows Communists to Stand in the Road and Attack White Drivers  Watch The Video Here-  
 	(((((((They))))))) are trying to start a race war. 
 	Too true. That's by High Park in Toronto which is a very beautiful and affluent area. I hope you come back soon, Strike. We miss you! 
 	This Pos soycuck needs to have those piercings ripped out of his face, and his head shaved. 
 	This Pos soycuck needs to have those piercings ripped out of his face, and his head shaved. 
 The Nazis have a "D" next to their names. 
 	I actually agree with the cunt for once.  I dont want civility either.  I want conservatives to find their balls. To punch cunts like her and her friends in the face.  Why are we being nice to these people at all?  
 		I wonder if she ever was civil to Bill C,,, I can't imagine she ever was 
 		I wonder if she ever was civil to Bill C,,, I can't imagine she ever was 
  
 		Do you actually believe Americans believe your group of retarded Hitler sycophants are conservatives? Did you really believe you could usurp the  and turn it into a Kkk rally? Think again, Adolf.  
 		Do you actually believe Americans believe your group of retarded Hitler sycophants are conservatives? Did you really believe you could usurp the  and turn it into a Kkk rally? Think again, Adolf.  
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		Me too.   I was on the original Birther Committee to have Illegal Unvetted Faggot Muslim Fraud O'Vomit & his manwife Micheal Vaughn  Robinson arrested, but no one would help us. Everyone blocked us including 5 star Generals & the Sgt at Arms in Dc who has the complete power to have stopped him. 
 With the right counsel, witnesses, strategy, and support, the fact that James Fields is innocent may very well shine through in the courtroom.   Our side is too quick to pre-emptively accept defeats when faced with what seem like insurmountable odds.   When you believe the other side is invincible, you become an unwitting agent of defeat. They're not. 
 	One of the biggest post-Cville blackpills is watching most of the movement treat James like he's radioactive material.   There is so much evidence in his favor. This case is winnable.   And it'd do much for both James and movement morale if we expressed support for him, even in small ways.  
 		Redneck Revolt were behind him with the rifles. 
 		Redneck Revolt were behind him with the rifles. 
 An invading army is slowly trekking towards the United States’ Southern Border.   In any other time in history, stopping them with deadly force would be considered a practical and common-sense measure. But now, we’re supposed to open wide and let them in.   This is a manufactured crisis designed to energize the Left before the November Election. 
 		Ike called them Wetbacks. He knew. 
 		Ike called them Wetbacks. He knew. 
 There doesn't seem to be whole lot of free thought going on here, it's great that you can say anything. But there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of conversation. The whole thing seems very echo-chambery. Hopefully it will improve 
 		Hi Clarence, how are you today? 
 		Hi Clarence, how are you today? 
 If a thousand or more of us patriots go to the border, they can’t fight a movement that big ! This will kick off new politics ! If Antifa punks can do it,.why can’t we ! Don’t we have more resolve ? 
 	The police work for the Zionist occupied Government, do you really think we could do anything? You are sadly mistaken if you believe (((Trump))) cares about Americans, he is putting on a show, he doesn't care if those people came here, his (((Jewish))) business partners need cheap labor. 
 		America has been sold out to (((Israel))), most Americans are too stupid to realize this, there is no such thing as an American Patriot and there will be no help for America, it's over, it's been over, I wouldn't fight for this piece of shit country or it's retarded people. Have fun getting murdered by Federal or Un forces. 
  
 	Detroit is one of the best example how a nigger infestation is worse than getting nuked  
 Totally agree. It's all trash. If dems win a majority, there will be some Super retarded reasoning essentially saying: We can't tell the truth and prosecute murderous pedophiles (even though we "have it all") because blues control congress. Total garbage.    
 if you want you're kid to be a mixed race dummy, marry a low Iq nigger 
 Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way?   Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all.   This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not.   A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.   Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated.   The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also.   Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be.   What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either.   But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming.   Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules.   Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.    Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are. 
 Hey, fucking retarded liberals, Trump Is Still Your President.  Lol! 
 ‘Allegedly Transgender’ Prisoner Gets Life After Raping Two Women, Sexually Assaulting Inmates in Female Jail   A predatory and controlling biologically male rapist has been jailed for life after attacking vulnerable female inmates in women’s prisons whilst claiming to be transgendered and for the previous rapes of two other women.  Karen White, 52, who was previously known as Stephen Wood, identifies as a woman and was allowed into the female prison. She has now been described as a danger to women and children.   White was originally jailed for violent crimes and admitted sexually assaulting the women in a female prison as well as raping another two women outside jail at Leeds Crown Court, Pa reports.  She has past convictions for indecent assault, indecent exposure, and gross indecency involving children, violence, and dishonesty.   White was also convicted for wounding and two counts of rape against two women, one whom White violently raped five to six times between January and December 2016 and for raping a pregnant woman in 2003.   The court was told she is allegedly transgender and used her transgender persona to access vulnerable women and her previous girlfriend has claimed her change of gender is a sham.   In the Uk, referring to someone as male if they identify as a female can be reported to the police and logged as a hate incident with no evidence if anyone perceives it as offensive.   Passing sentence Judge Christopher Batty told the defendant: You are a predator and highly manipulative and in my view, you are a danger.   You represent a significant risk of serious harm to children, to women and to Christopher Dunn, prosecuting, told the court: She is allegedly a transgender female.   The prosecution say allegedly because there are smatterings of evidence in this case that the defendant’s approach to transitioning has been less than committed.   The prosecution suggest the reason for the lack of commitment towards transitioning is so the defendant can use a transgender persona to put herself in contact with vulnerable persons she can then abuse.   Mr Dunn described one incident in jail in September last year, when White befriended a woman before assaulting her.   The complainant, while waiting, felt something hard press against the small of her back, he said. She turned around to see the defendant stood there. She could see the defendant’s penis erect and sticking out of the top of her pants, covered by her tights.   A source told Pa White is currently inside a male prison and that is where she must serve at least nine and a half years before being considered for parole.   Outside court, Detective Inspector David Rogerson, of West Yorkshire Police, said: White has pleaded guilty to a number of serious sexual offences which span many years. White was originally called Stephen Wood and was from the Manchester area.   The government is currently considering the recommendations of parliament’s Women’s and Equalities Committee, calling for men to be quickly legally recognised as women after filling out one form with no checks, treatment, or surgery needed.   Last year the Conservative Party reportedly backed the plan  that allow any biological man to enter female changing rooms and prisons  before the Government Equalities Office changed tack in June and insisted they would not compromise women’s rights.     
 	Haven't you gone just a wee bit too far, loony leftists? 
 		A retard that needs castrating  
 Rt :    Daily Sasse Tweet: He didn't speak out when Cruz, Nielsen and Sanders were chased out of restaurants, or Maxine Waters promoted violence against Republicans, but must tsk-tsks about crowd hounding Pelosi. Then gives backhanded "Democrats, too."   No tweet on Scalise shooting either  
 	Rt your cunt 
 Thinking. Plural. Thinking I'm better than you makes you truthful. Must of just started. Because you aint got a rich husband. Lies. Fabulous job still not explained. Lies makes you a lazy cunt  
 Odin.   Nope, Hitler and he was Catholic.     
 		look i linked the greatest story never told! Now I am infallible!  Get bent you fucking faggot. Have fun dealing with the soul crushing reality of what a cuck you are when your retarded religion ushers in the Jewish Messiah. 
 Also known as faggot book 
 Here is what the political left wants you to accept: if you think differently than you are "supposed" to think, then something must be wrong with you.    Cnn on Kanye West: Trump Exploited ‘a Man Who’s Clearly Not Okay’     
 	I am not dying on Nigger Hill . Fuck that. The Gop get No support from Colored Diversity of Any Kind . it is 90+% White Party . Goon Assholes.  
 During World War Two it would have been better to live in South America than to have been drafted into a war against your brothers for the sake of Jews. I think that time is approaching again. If something doesn’t change or emerge I think I will go live in rural South America. 
 	You call Nazi's and Imperial Japanese Brothers ! Man are you Fucked Up ! 
 		Had they properly adopted Democracy in the beginning, like they have now, maybe they would have had an easier go of it.  
 				"Democracy is a soft variant of communism, and rarely throughout history has it been taken as anything else." - Dr. Hans-Hermann Hoppe 
 				"Democracy is a soft variant of communism, and rarely throughout history has it been taken as anything else." - Dr. Hans-Hermann Hoppe 
 You can follow Tommy's trial via Ezra Levant's Twitter feed ( see below )   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Ezra Levant Verified account    Huge crowd gathered outside the Old Bailey court in London in advance of Tommy Robinson’s trial. Follow me on Twitter for real-time updates; I’ll post videos at   when I can. 
 		Holy fuck you are a retard 
 Fuck yall can do a all hillbilly movie next after i beat yall up in a crowd, children of da barn, or barnlife homes wit dam fake teeth pieces in son  
 Fuck yall can do a all hillbilly movie next after i beat yall up in a crowd, children of da barn, or barnlife homes wit dam fake teeth pieces in son  
 And then even after Conor has taken a mauling you still got Conor’s team mate screaming abuse at Khabib.  I tell you what, when he went out of the cage to get that other cunt I wanted to scream you go, lad 
 	Just Another Little Nazi Trash Bag. Mute. 
 		Bingo. Hundreds of thousands of fake fuck accounts all used for one game: psyops.   This is how They make the internet as useless as Cnn. 
 			You are right Twatter is so ate up with bots bought and paid for by Soros! 
 				My first Twitter suspension was in 2014 for pointing this out.     
 					I am government regulations but enough is enough! That was funny and true good job! 
 					Chad called these before Anyone else did . He’s been bitching about the monkeys for years !  
 					Chad called these before Anyone else did . He’s been bitching about the monkeys for years !  
 I’m trying to imagine what kind of a shitshow we’re going to see when the Mueller probe inevitably turns out to be a dud. The Kavanaugh freakout feels like an appetizer course.  
 	Wait till cunt ginsburg croaks 
 They’re trying to use this shooting to cover up one of the largest financiers of Leftist activists, protestors, and policies.   Talk about using a tragedy for political gain. 
 	he is promoting a dependency/pre-requisite of antisemitism for someone to see that soros is a election manipulating cunt who funds leftist violence. What is ((nathaniel's)) deal? 
 Is he the faggy looking part nigger senator (mulatto)? They say we use the term nigger to feel superior. Let's try it. Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Wow it works! I feel better already. When I was a kid nigger was defined as a term to express contempt for negroids. Sounds good. Despise the despicable beasts. 
 This  Scum knows Dem's are the most retarded sec of any nation and will vote in all Muzhood by default.  
 	he's like a hemorrhoid that's been detached from an asshole 
 	Evil never sleeps. 
 	Obama Should Fade Away And Keep Whatever Dignity He May Have Left.Which Isn'T Much 
 	Obamarama Still Causing Drama just go away and die gracefully please  
 	Because Anglo-Murican cowards are scared to openly callout his Mossad/kushi allegiance. He's a loxism tool. N-O-ggers are softies. 
 And he's not responsible for what he's doing  Cause his mother made him what he is   And it's up against the wall Redneck Mother  Mother, who has raised her son so well  Drives a fifty-seven Gmc pickup truck  He's got a gun rack"Goat ropers need love, too" sticker. 
 The fact that you think it's ok for women to be sluts in general makes you retarded and this poll is still stupid.  
 Ever notice how all the people who shouldn't be allowed to vote, are the demographics that Democrats target with their obnoxious, dishonest ads? 
 	Ever notice how the Gop has been getting the White vote for decades while quietly sticking a dagger in our backs? At least the Dems are dumb enough to telegraph their attack giving us a chance. 
 		If you think you stand a chance under the next Democrat government, I pray you never find out how wrong you are.  
 			I'll be just fine, the rest of the system You believe you will wrest control of won't be. You're afraid to let go and to suffer, I'm not. You have suffered by your own myopia not by choice, and you regret it. Here you are myopic yet again when the only goal that matters is survival. We don't have time nor can we afford normalization and the false sense of security. 
 				Ah yes, the willing martyr, hard as fuck behind his anonymous social media handle, telling me that I fear suffering. This is why free speech is crap. We don't need a free speech platform. We need a Nazi caricature of Facebook that just gasses assholes who make stupid posts like this. 
 						How original, a parrot from the sycophant squad. Yes let me tell you everything I am doing because you hurt my ego by accusing me of being a bad actor. I'm calling out those with a platform that should use it responsibly. "Go support the Gop or else bad things will happen!" is retard level shit just like Cville.  What have You done? 
 Cat-calling is a nigger thing. Whites don't often cat-call. White and (often Asian, too) women cannot walk the streets of a Black city without getting attention or even followed.  But, media likes to pretend it's White jocks doing all the cat-calling. 
 Got a new  for all you good folks out there in the Gabosphere:   Hilton.com, and by extension,  Hotels.   The Hilton family is crazy enough to merit staying away from that chain of lodges, but a recent commercial once again shows the nigger buck, compliant white whore, -and- two mutts. Nope. I'm not going to go there anymore. Screw  
 Save for Halloween 
 	Retarded 
 Fuck off Ryan you shit faced cunt  
 And the planet is actively being turned into a giant gulag retard 
  
 	Good. Now find a way to arrest the Portland Mayor on a Friday night, during a major national holiday and have him shipped to a jail in Northern Alaska after hearing about threats made against his life and for his own safety. Feed him seal blubber and fries for six weeks and then have a little chat about not being a cunt in future. 
 This is what the left is really scared of.     
 	MAGAtards suffering negro salvation complex?  White people don't look to motherfucking niggers for answers to their problems.  More evidence this country no longer thinks correctly.  When I want nigger help I will make an offering of a bucket of fried chicken, watermelon and moon pies.  So the ship has sailed on that shit because that's Never going to happen. 
 The fact that the Republican Party has a habit of working against the interests of White nationalists, is not sufficient to justify abandonment of the party, at least not without a clear alternative. It matters who controls the government, a lot. Democrats are using every power at their disposal to establish a permanent governing majority in Washington. They will open the borders, and nationalize one industry after another until something forces them to stop. They will disarm us, tax carbon dioxide, and make Facebook's hate speech policies the law of the land. Whatever the sins of the Gop, they pale in comparison to that horrifying outcome. Until somebody shows me some other force which is capable of stopping the Democrat Party, we have to be partisan Republicans. 
 	Fyi, I'm receiving your posts in my feed as of today. Whatever the glitch was prior to this day has been corrected provided it was a glitch in the first place and not by design.  Having said that, spot-on, Chris. Why is it so hard for some many otherwise intelligent goys to Not grasp that Democrats = Worse. A no-brainer. 
 		You and cuckwell are the no brainers here. The r party in no way, shape or form represents white interests. They are even worse, they create the illusion of white political franchise in the minds of morons like you two, as we're getting swamped with nigger garbage. Your moronic strategy only leads to the pigs and the military being majority shitskins. 
 True. I'd call you a Jewish cunt instead. When are you moving to Israel? 
 Meet one of the women who helped change Jeff Flake's mind in a Senate elevator  
 	Staged fuckery! A retard can see through this soro's stunt! 
 [[[ Bono ]]]    
 	did you know bono is gaelic for cunt ? 
 		explains a lot 
 		As the old saying goes, he lacks the warmth or depth. 
 		As the old saying goes, he lacks the warmth or depth. 
 A shooter had a gab account and posted on gab he was going to kill people? This will end well 
 		The purpose of facebook isn't to offend various groups of people who are than shot at by those facebook users. That's the big take away here - The purpose of Gab is anti-semitism and racism. Its not a free speech platform, if it was free speech platform, @a wouldn't have deactivated and banned my  parody account. 
 			The purpose of Gab is to support a platform for free soeech.  It has its flaws and shortcoming on that very issue, as well as others, sure. But the one group bearing the biggest brunt of Gab's censorship has been the anti-semetic and racist right wing.  Anglin, Weev, Patrick Little, the dozens of great alt-right memers.  To say they exist for antisemetism and racists is fucking stupid. 
 					If you dont read my posts, why should I post them, ya fuckin' asshat.  Yes. Gab bans people and is not the free speech platform it claims to be.  I fucking said that, dickhead.  I also said the group banned the most from Gab are antisemetic posters and racists. Ffs, maybe your loomer account got banned because shes a fuckin' jew and you parodied her, proving my fucking point. Gab wants the status of Twitter and is fucking up to get users by banning people they don't want on here. They are not trying to provide a platform for racist. They are banning those accounts. 
 						Nope. My account was banned because Laura Loomer complained to @a - but whatever you've already shown you don't support free speech - just scam artist grifters like Torbo.  
 							So, a jew complained about you using her as a parody account and got you banned from Gab, but Gab is a haven for antisemites and racists? You're a fuckin' moron. Seek some mental help. 
 								You pointing out that she's jewish like that has some kind of merit proves my point that the intention of this platform is to support racism. @a banned it because she has a following and was complaining. You are part of the problem my dude.  
 						You have no right to be heard.  
 				No, the purpose of Gab is to support crowdfunding campaigns.   It's not a platform so much as it is a standing set, the 'Olde Free Speech Saloon' on the Torba studio backlot. 
 					Even if I granted all that to be true, what it's purpose is not, is to provide a platform tp antisemites and racists.  As suggested by . 
 						All of that is true. You just chose not to believe it because you've already given your money to @a. I'm sure your life is filled with making great decisions with your money.  
 						Five is just pissed that his very funny account was banned when a dimwit eceleb who will never post on Gab demanded it. 
 						Five is just pissed that his very funny account was banned when a dimwit eceleb who will never post on Gab demanded it. 
 Okay I have to ask.  What is all of the Npc posts all about?  What's with all the weird faces connected to these posts? 
 	Showing how some media idiots are really nothing more than brain-dead robots and all retard Leftists/shills that march to the tune of Soros. It's an inspired meme 
 Liberal college towns have the biggest white-black gaps in school test scores. Berkeley has the worst racial gap in the country.   In contrast, high all around test scores and modest racial gaps tend to be found in Gop places like Dallas exurbs.    
 		It took me ten minutes to post that because some nigger lovers, likely Fbi, are hacking me and constantly rewriting my context as I write.  Bute most of us have long realized that Fbi are psycho stone killers and American traitors? 
 Hopefully Queen Elizabeth the Useless won't outlive Charles and William, because if she does, this fop will be king. 
 	I've been a flagrant homosexual for 40 years.  I've never once in my life stood in a pose like that.  Not even when I was doing drag.  Surely he is mocking the way women respond? 
 		A flaming faggot And defender of the Jewish cult. Color me shocked. 
 I Am Pissing Myself . Again.  We are Antifa we have training we are not afraid.   
 		 
 		 
 hey look its a faggot trying to get us to vote for womens 
 		You can enjoy having white women win beauty contests while you can. Just like you could enjoy Serbs beating the living shit out of faggots when they tried to have their degeneracy parades. Today, Belgrade is the faggot capital of the balkans. Keep living in the past. 
 These Dem, white, elite Globalist groupies are only displaying how they’re allowed to say & do what they like, yet the rest of us can’t even speak freely. Young people are just trying to make it and live their lives, they don’t care about what these mummified shills have to say.    
 	Istthis cunt ever gonna die?  I thought she already was. 
 West Ham Suspends Youth Coach Who Attended Dfla March (Democratic Football Lads Alliance).    If this coach had attended a pro sexualisation of children march or a pro trans lqbtxyz march, he would've been celebrated.     Uk      
 		What a fcukin retard you are.  
 	Hola, Buenos dias amigo, greetings to you from  Memeawaydude. 
 		Yay! This is my first day in gab and this free speech feels almost as good as the day trump got elected 
 		Yay! This is my first day in gab and this free speech feels almost as good as the day trump got elected 
  
 	I read the first word as Bonobo.   Just saying. 
 		Forgive my language, but fuck that faggot and his butthurt feelings.  
 	The George Zimmerman thing was a great boon for us. Nothing even comes close. 
 	The George Zimmerman thing was a great boon for us. Nothing even comes close. 
 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield Pistol      
 	So tired of the (((fake))) Muh Liburtay! posts.    You know what I want to see?    I want to see Reddit and Pol posts about:   The jamming frequency for Leo Comms.   The escalation protocol for Dhs internet terrorism investigations.   The training manual for Swat raids.   The Cad file for a Glock 18.   How to turn rat poison into Rdx.    I want Full )))Equality((( of knowledge. 
 		You're right, it's time to get serious about fight back against the System, god dammit.  
 			There's supposedly 20 million borderline retarded people working for this indefensible Zog government  a good deal of them are Ron Swanson caricatures  people who hate the very bureaucracy they work for  and we seriously can't get anyone  anyone  to anonymously post about lax security and laughably ineffective procedures that might help us all out? 
  
 	faggot 
 "We can never promise a world where there are no abusers, but we can promise a country where we commit to hear and believe our children": Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison delivers formal apology to the country's victims of child sex abuse.   
 	Corey Booker faggot raped me. 
 Rt :    Senator Susan Collins is the mother & grandmother of white women in America who gave us a Donald Trump presidency. The 53%.   She is a disgrace & her legacy will be that she was a traitor to women and marginalized communities. History will not treat her kindly.  
 		She's going to be used as a test case when we start stripping paper-Americans of their birthright citizenship, calling it now     
 			Government has no authority to strip someone of citizenship 
 					If you want to quote Usc how about the part where it say Us is a corporation. 
 							Oh so you have no knowledge of that. Convenient  
 								So much I Do Not Consent right now, hilarious 
 								So much I Do Not Consent right now, hilarious 
 Married to a black woman. Still a Racist     
 	The absolute state of this planet, the face of White supremacism in 2018: 
 		Looks to me like a violent white supremacist domestic terrorist 
 			Now that is a full blown nigger lover. 
 I could write you a program that will call you a nigger a million times. I can even make the computer talk. 
 	Bannon was leaking against ivanka and Jared.  Bannon sucks but the fact trump fired him and not goldmansachs shows trump will take out the weakest group to save himself.  Ps we are his weakest supporters.  That’s why trump is pivoting hard to blacks, he’s trying to make up ground he’s anticipating he’ll lose with us 
 	Bannon was leaking against ivanka and Jared.  Bannon sucks but the fact trump fired him and not goldmansachs shows trump will take out the weakest group to save himself.  Ps we are his weakest supporters.  That’s why trump is pivoting hard to blacks, he’s trying to make up ground he’s anticipating he’ll lose with us 
 Senator Lindsey Graham (R-Sc) went viral online Friday after owning a group of anti-Kavanaugh protesters -     
 	This faggot is slowly transforming himself in a real man. Mc Cains dead was the end of a bad spell. And the gay frog then turned itself into a trumpy thug Senator. He is even enjoying the liberal tears! His Power level is rising to the skies! 
 Hillary Clinton Makes 'Get Out The Vote' Tour Stop In Tijuana    
 	If the Us was a country of laws then Crooked Cunt would have been publicly executed on live Tv years ago.   
 I have noticed some folks following me that seem to have hatred for certain races of people. I am Not a white supremist. I am a god and country lover. If President Trump was a black, Hispanic, etc man I would love him just the same.  It’s what he stands for that I love. What I will Not tolerate is Islam. I want it wiped from the face of the earth. 
 		Okie dokie.  
 		Okie dokie.  
 "John James is ahead because he is a good man with the best intentions for us Michiganders." Commit suicide you brain dead nigger lover.  
 .@SadiqKhan has been accused of misleading Londoners over the rising costs and delays of .  
 		Price to pay for electing a Muzzie Paki for your Mayor. Now, you know what to do, next!   
 Most Hated Twat 
 	Islam Talmud for the  Goyim  . Just another Jewish construct like the Holohoax . You Cunt  
 Stupid Faggot Dicks Are For Chicks! 
 The only reason Rosie O’Donnel is going after Potus the way she is, is because reality has caught up with her. She is a fat, abrasive, unattractive dyke wamelo whose existence serves no purpose. 
 Mornin Gabsters,   People are saying Gab is going to be shut down soon, maybe as soon as tomorrow.   If it is,  make sure you join MeWe, it's a different format based mainly on groups, but there is also a Timeline. You'll soon get used to it  
 	Why should Gab be shut down?  No one has threatened to shut down Twitter or Facebook, and there are some real nut jobs over there, starting with Zuckerberg. 
 		zuckercunt is a thought police nazi cunt who should fuck off and die. 
 There are over 100 definitions of terrorism in the academic literature. The Dnc's conduct is consistent with most of them, including the Nato definition. 
 	fuck this retarded whore 
 Huge new study.   Vast majority of Americans (80%) say "political correctness is a problem".   Hispanics (87%)   Asians (82%)   Whites (79%)   African-Americans (75%)   Young people (79%)   'Progressive' elites are totally out of touch.    
 	One Commie Pinko Faggot down voted this ! 
  is little cunt and a modern day house slave. The only thing he's missing is a giant white leftist fist up his ass.  Sincerely,       
 	The corporate government media cabal pushes the propaganda that White men are worthless.   They deprive young men of social status, women.  They create a generation of warriors.   They have sown the whirlwind,  They shall reap the apocalypse. 
 		But this little slope cunt loves white cock.go figure  
 jew and nigger hate is rising all the time.  .maybe we can use the law to get your ip address, you never know 
 The only machine she should be raging against is the refrigerator. 
 	Miss Piggy goes o the Market !    Jew Cunt ! 
 In Nyt Op-Ed, George Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages  
 	Fuck that pampered little faggot bitch 
     annnnnnd Megyn Kelly goes full retard here! 
 spic footy bet     Spain - Tercera G5    Terrassa to win @ evens 
 spic footy bet     Spain - Tercera G5    Terrassa to win @ evens 
 Awwww. Dembo TayTay will now just have to write a song about how most of America broke up with her. She still has rapey female teachers as fans though, they’ll always be able to relate to her teenage crap. 
 	Again, Tay did more to help "your supposed bs cause" than that nigger is going to. 
 Woah!    The press is talking about his Melania-as-stripper video.    But.    "Rapper T.I. was sentenced Friday to one year and a day in prison after pleading guilty to federal weapons charges after he tried to buy a stash of machine guns and silencers to protect himself after his best friend was killed."    Yes, yes, yes!    When your best friend is killed, you need Machine Guns and Silencers to protect yourself.    You don't want to wake up the neighbors when mowing down assassins, and semiautomatic weapons just don't kill people dead enough.    Another exemplar of leftism.     
 	more cred for the stupid nigger 
 	Agios o Satanas, faggot 
 Cunt 
 Israel’s Education Minister Wants Shoot to Kill Policy Against Palestinian Children    
 	And we should happy about that. The islam is more dangerous then jewish people. Dont believe me. Come to Europe and watch for youreself. No problem with jews, but with islam. 
 		Jews Create the Muslim problem.  They get the Us and allies to bomb Muzzie nations, creating the excuse to flood Europe with "refugees" in order to dilute the labor market. 
 		Jews Create the Muslim problem.  They get the Us and allies to bomb Muzzie nations, creating the excuse to flood Europe with "refugees" in order to dilute the labor market. 
 	Ben Shapiro is saying that it's "deranged" not to think that the "bombs" were sent by Debbie Wasserman Schultz. No false flags for Ben! 
 		Does this bleeding twat realize that the bombs were not even made to go off? I mean if that isn't false flag than want is? Those bombs can not possibly go off! 
 		Does this bleeding twat realize that the bombs were not even made to go off? I mean if that isn't false flag than want is? Those bombs can not possibly go off! 
 		it is nigger music. Only a kike would try and infect the movement with this nigger music shit. so fuck off kike and go gas yourself. 
 religious faggot 
 When Any of the Jew Haters start spewing their hatred I just mute them. But we have to admit that when they are allowed to spread their hatred shooting occur. 
 	I have tried to be open minded towards them, however they do seem to be a hard headed lot. Now we have our young Commie millennials roving around in here testing us and trying to trip us up so they can report back to their green haired Dyke America hating 5th grade level college professors and $150,000.00 per year Diversity officers. In addition to that we now have Feds moving around in addition to the usual so called "Deep State" agent provocateurs. What the fuck I say, who's running the show. Just watch yourself and mind your step.  
 	that ol horsefaced cunt should Not have had a security clearance to begin with. Ever! 
 Chuck WooleryVerified account  11h11 hours agoMore  Nancy Pelosi Hilariously Claims ‘Democrats Are For Securing Our Borders’   
 		Both ! 
 		Those two aren't mutually exclusive with Pelosi. 
 		Those two aren't mutually exclusive with Pelosi. 
 		yes 
 		yes 
 Preserve diversity: Don't mix. Unequal yoking is a sin. The Tower of Babel is evil. Mixing is what the Devil wants. 
 	The white race is the most diverse on the planet, we have different color eyes and hair compared to the nigger and all the other races. The Jews want to breed out our diverse looks. 
 Sweet, sweet irony.   Saweet.   De Blasio caught on camera dismissing homeless woman who interrupted his workout  
 		Good morning Lea  well said  Couldn't agree with you more  Have a great weekend  
 			same to you. I have missed you.you ok? 
 			I was sick but I'm getting better and I missed everyone so I'm really trying to catch up  Three more days of meds, then back to doc for checkup. Hopefully all will be well  
 		Good Morning Lea Hope you have a Great Saturday  
 		End De Blasio! 
 		End De Blasio! 
  
 	Everything I disagree with = Fascism  
 		It's a retarded way to dehumanize the enemy, but in doing this "Dems R Duh Reel Nazis/Fascists!" they still won't name the real enemy and it's an attempt to make us some sort of cartoon like bad guy when I'm sure they agree with us on 88% of what we want politically and for society  
 		It's a retarded way to dehumanize the enemy, but in doing this "Dems R Duh Reel Nazis/Fascists!" they still won't name the real enemy and it's an attempt to make us some sort of cartoon like bad guy when I'm sure they agree with us on 88% of what we want politically and for society  
 If Beto wins, it will be because he cheated.   
 	and because the retarded so-called libertarian Never Trump party opposed Every Single republican candidate in Texas thus dilutiing votes for Cruz. I was a supporter of libertarians Until I saw this on the ballot. They are libtards and aligned with demoncrats. Done! 
 Til during the entire filming of Mary Poppins, Nobody, not even Julie Andrews, let Dick Van Dyke know he had the most atrocious cockney accent in the history of cinema.     
 Til during the entire filming of Mary Poppins, Nobody, not even Julie Andrews, let Dick Van Dyke know he had the most atrocious cockney accent in the history of cinema.     
 Still being a stupid cunt I see. 
 Halloween cookies are "violence towards women" now.ok.sure.     
 	Witches' fingers with nigger toes would be a good combo 
  
 		How about 9mm? Will that do? 
 		How about 9mm? Will that do? 
 Lmao! 
 		Better throw away those vibrators and dildo too. 
 		They likely had their cell phone shoved up their . when the alert went off. Maybe some even got off. 
 		They likely had their cell phone shoved up their . when the alert went off. Maybe some even got off. 
 Why don't you go brush your teeth faggot I can smell the smeg on your breath over the internet. 
 Is it some sort of retard club? 
 A new study finds that a person’s chances of being involved in a fatal police shooting is higher in states with the highest rates of gun ownership, compared to those with the lowest.      
 		Everybody in America, even the niggers, are more likely to be shot by a nigger than a police officer  
  
 		 
 		 
 Oh no that guy liberalist gee called me a triggered faggot snowflake! Once again not a single counter to the idea that you are *not* liberal and *not* a woman. Mr. Gee you have no rhetorical skills, says me the triggered, gay, faggot snowflake. 
 The right: Jews are coordinating attacks on speech they don’t like.    Jews: This is an antisemitic conspiracy theory! We are going to shut down your hosting service, credit card processor, and domain registrar.    The right: As we were saying. 
 	The totalitarian left doesn't equate to "The Jews," and your views do not represent "The Right."  
 		White supremacy equals being a retard and then shrieking in terror and hiding behind another group the instant someone responds. 
 Mate. I also own 5 properties, a sports car and a healthy bank balance. Private medical insurance etc etc. I'm not forsaking my good life just so a bit of my taxes don't go to some lazy twats.which will actually make me a lazy twat too. 
 Black leftists hate black people that aren't leftists.  If you aren't on their team, you're a legitimate target. If you Are on their team, you're a complete ass and barely worth the price of a bullet.  That redneck motherfucker needs his tiny little baby maker kicked inside out. 
 	    @k00nix      @OneOfTheGoodGuys    @p09025       @ivan255   
 	    @OneOfTheGoodGuys    @p09025       @ivan255      
 	    @OneOfTheGoodGuys    @p09025       @ivan255      
 Should girls and boys learn how to cook and clean in high school? 
 		What happened to her? How she turn to the dark side.  
 		Re-read that.i added to it Lmfao 
 		Hot--> libtard lol  
 		We are talking about the type of woman that you drive 100 miles to go change her flat tire for her. And the fuckin spare / jack/ and tools are All in her trunk.  
 		Buys 500$ worth of worthless shit that Nobody needs. sets it on the shelf in the garage, and never finds that bag again for a fuckin Year 
 		It's common to over shop 
 		Common for a liberal maybe. Conservatives understand the meaning and discipline of saving for a rainy day. 
 		Common for a liberal maybe. Conservatives understand the meaning and discipline of saving for a rainy day. 
 Google software Faggot Fatboy advocated for censorship of Tn Republican senate candidate Marsha Blackburn, calling her a "terrorist" or "thug" for.libtard reasons.     
 Normally I'd be dismissive of . He's probably going to be bad for us and his record on the 4th amendment is very bad.    That said if he doesn't get in its probably going to be that woman that adopted kids from Haiti. That's gonna be bad. Real bad. 
 	for me nothing is more dangerous than those zombie magapedes. because they support every retarded move trump can think about without thinking if there was a back gay jewish tranny nominated they might at least express something. because right now it's all about 'trusting the plan' 
 The toll is higher for some than for others. 
 		force them to breed white.  
 		force them to breed white.  
 Rotherham Police - cover-ups and threats     
 	What a cunt  
 	What a cunt  
 	"If every nigger in the hood suddenly voted Republican."   Democrats would justifiably want voter Id laws 
 During World War Two it would have been better to live in South America than to have been drafted into a war against your brothers for the sake of Jews. I think that time is approaching again. If something doesn’t change or emerge I think I will go live in rural South America. 
 	You call Nazi's and Imperial Japanese Brothers ! Man are you Fucked Up ! 
 		Remind me of where the Germans are now. Working overtime to feed half of Europe and if they speak out against it, their skulls get cracked by state-funded Antifaschistische Aktion that makes  American Antifa look like a 5y/o retard with a firecracker. I know it, by the way. They pay for my trains. 
 Brought my mom to the rally. We in the building, Q!       ]Red October[   .   Tune In To Rsbn   For Trump Rally   ToNIGHT 7:30 Est   5:5    
 	If you can't nail it to the wall, it's not really a meme. (It's a redneck thang.)  
 	If you can't nail it to the wall, it's not really a meme. (It's a redneck thang.)  
 Democrat New Jersey Senator Cory Booker Accused Of Sexually Assaulting A Man          #1A #2A                        vs      
 	Faggot and a nigger.   
 	Kapner Was Born A Jew  All Are Smarter Than You  Mossad Is The Best TheY Teach The Rest adios,mofo - 
 		All Jews are human sewage obviously!  They are the complete pieces of sewage!  All are just programmed robots who cannot think. Jews offer no culture and are parasitical cancer.  But these are Facts and Jews are too retarded to understand Facts! 
 Lol this coming from the little faggot that has to use someone else pic for his Avi  hehhehe Lol you little fucking munchkin 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 My  plan! 
 				I crossed the Border from Peru into Chile once. It is wide open desert with no plants, but they salted Both sides of the Border with landmines. They don't have much of an illegal immigrant problem in Chile. If you don't go through the Checkpoint- you're dead.  
 					I would build a detention center that was open on the Mexico side. The wetbacks would be glad to go away. 
 						Sessions "No Tolerance" Policy is sound. A First Illegal Entry into the Us (Applies to Us Citizens also) is a Misdemeanor. The are convicting All illegal entrants, taking Fingerprints, Photos & Iris Scans. A 2nd Illegal Entry to the UsA isa Felony (For Us Citizens also). But to convict on the Felony they need the Record of the First Illegal Entry Conviction. 
 						Foreigners Convicted of a felony cannot Immigrate to the Usa Legally- so they are forever banned from entry. What they truly need to do is make those who are found Guilty of a 2nd Illegal Entry actually do 2 years in Prison. Having more prison Guards gives jobs to Americans. 
 					Sounds like a plan! 
 					Many years ago the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia said that "Landmines are a Human Right." At the time I thought them insane, but they have their uses after all. 
 					Many years ago the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia said that "Landmines are a Human Right." At the time I thought them insane, but they have their uses after all. 
 Your right send this faggot back to Kenya  
 the only good faggot is a dead faggot. the Lbgt community can drop dead today. please. friggin perverts. 
 Oh, and who signal boosts the retarded meme that 'Gab racists are Dem trolls', why none other than Andrew Torba himself!   This after not only inviting noted Twitter hater John Rivers and verifying his fake name, but making said hater a Gab beta tester! 
 	Which Obama? His Mom? Malik is proudly born Kenyan. 
 	I've spoken to it. I wouldn't trust her to run a snow cone stand. 
 	Agreed, was obama born in Hawaii?  She might be #1.  ;-) 
 		I know, this is the first time in ten years I've said he's Hawaiian, not Kenyan. 
 		How stupid is this woman?  Unreal.  What the hell happened to Murkowski, that is the real question.  Alaska is red. 
 		How stupid is this woman?  Unreal.  What the hell happened to Murkowski, that is the real question.  Alaska is red. 
 	People are fucking retarded to think that 15 Saudis hijacked planes and flew them into buildings and we attacked Afghanistan! Not Saudi! Ghwb, Gwb, are Globalist Bullshit Artists. We got bombed by Japan at Pearl Harbor, and then we bombed Japan! 
 Barack and the leftist media did this.     They made black men believe that their lives were in danger and that they were truly in a fight for their lives.    When journalists and leftist politicians die at the same rate as police and black men, then, Then I will be happy.     
 	oh hell yeah. a nigger will shoot you for anything.in a heartbeat they'll shoot you.they are savages. 
 I have such a love/hate with Gab. It's useful. But it is also a swarm of complete morons. At least the smaller crowd over on Minds seems literate. 
 	Keep Doing Both. Numbers on Minds are higher (I know this because of people who mirror my Gab posts there.)    But Gab may one day become larger and broader in audience/scope than it is now as more are purged from Twat and Fb.     Mostly Lady, don't let the mentals and trolls - who have been going after you lately - get to you.  Ignore them - and get that those pagans who attack you - are literally spitting in the wind.   Just keep doing what you believe in. 
 	Keep Doing Both. Numbers on Minds are higher (I know this because of people who mirror my Gab posts there.)    But Gab may one day become larger and broader in audience/scope than it is now as more are purged from Twat and Fb.     Mostly Lady, don't let the mentals and trolls - who have been going after you lately - get to you.  Ignore them - and get that those pagans who attack you - are literally spitting in the wind.   Just keep doing what you believe in. 
  
 	who knows what this massive dyke wants !  
 And give that faggot jack more eyeballs? No way 
 This little man desperately needs prayers right now.     I don't want to say too much, because of stalkers, but he is very sick.     Please pray for his health. 
 	I hope he gets better but prayers do nothing,  there is no God. 
 		"Atheists only exist if God does". That's the most retarded statement I've seen in a while.  "Science has studied", yeah and those scientists were most likely theists because they get their dirty little paws into everything 
 This evil cunt needs to hang in public. Not be allowed to fade into oblivion upon her military tribunal and subsequent conviction for treason, crimes against humanity, child sacrificing, satanic evil deeds!   We Must Demand These Evil Creatures Be Hanged In Public For All To See What Happens When You BeTRAY "The People"    
 So you post a link to Engels, I give you a quote that he said, and now your response is to post nigger porn? You are absolutely deranged. Kikes are really messed up. Great rebuttal.  
 .This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.  2:41 pm - 27 Oct 2018 
 	Sending prayers out tonight to those Americans of the Jewish  murdered exercising their constitutional right to worship God. I pray that God comforts their broken hearts. I pray these prayers in the name of Jesus.        
 		Fuck no. How about Jews apologize for subversively genociding Whites first. 
 				 
 					have i ever shown you hate for being a christian   
 						No darling.    Nor I you for being Pagan.    I love Pagans and Jwoke Christians. 
 					What's Isntreal? 
 						Lol. Jews have no real homeland, that's why they push for open borders. 
 						Oh ok i get it.   Was not privy to the slick lingo.   
 						I picked up on is not real but did not make Israel connection 
 						Oh I hadn't seen it before either, it's clever.  
 				Yes its sad that so many christians have been fooled and brainwashed into the jewish false narrative of christianity, there is no redemption or salvation from god for the jew, the scriptures clearly state this over and over 
 				Yes its sad that so many christians have been fooled and brainwashed into the jewish false narrative of christianity, there is no redemption or salvation from god for the jew, the scriptures clearly state this over and over 
 Far Left Planning Dildo-Themed Demonstration In Protest Of Pro-Trump Group    
 	Really! Instead of ninja turtles they’re going to dress up as dildos? What a bunch of retarded idiots! Lock them up! 
 			I would say that rule of law derived from a Christian faith is inherently European and may not be suitable for none other. Bluntly put,  paganism is divisive and there is neither time for nor strength in that. Unite or die .  
 					It's clear you know very little history .The only unifying force in Europe has been the Christian church which not only saves the West from the scourge of barbarianism but from subjugation under Islam too.  
 							1) Christianity is again weakened by tolerance of evil, including that of paganism . Spain fell into 800 years of darkness by allowing their nation to be converged by the heresy of judaizers who betrayed both church and state and only recovered their sovereignty and power of faith after uniting to conduct a great purge.  
 																			Budriss isn't Italian. He calls me a pasta nigger at least once a day. 
 How is this possible?   Convicted pedo felon & illegal wetback gets Probation for Dui? Jfc!    
 Yeah, well, this wackjob obviously isn't hitting on all cylinders! So locking her up until she's at least out of menopause is the right thing for Sweden's gene pool!    Weed the defective women and muzzie lovers Out of Sweden!    
 Please Sign This Partition To Help SToP The Murdering Of White South African Farmers   
 		Unfortunately We Are Way Too Out Numbered . We Need OutSIDE Help To Do Just What You Say.   We Will Fight And Give Our Lives If It Comes To That.   To save the WHItES Here And This BEAUTIfUL Country. 
 		We White People have been set up by the Nwo Criminals. We are caught in our old age and marked for extermination. Govs keep censorships and they(Nwo criminals) have compiled this info to make coordinated attacks on the White Race. It all stems from jealousy of Whites being more Attractive and they can't stand it.  
 		Sooo true! 
 		 
 		 
     Tommy Robinson Is Deceiving You 
 	A common theme with the islamonazis hiding as nazis is anyone who is leading the charge back against islam is controlled by the Jews. This obviously is of concern for islamonazis! 
 			Because you're a fucking retarded faggot calling people islamonazis when we're trying to solve the same problem. 
 Happy Monday Fam.    Tejji National Park, Mongolia. 
 	Thanks for sharing this. It makes me homesick for my old Missouri hillbilly stomping grounds. 
 		Gm Victoria  
 		Gm Victoria  
  
 	I remember not liking this  now Kanye is a Trump supporter and Swift has become a cunt supporting Demo rats  my how things have change.  
 Tom Arnold Challenges Trump to a Fight - Issues Thinly Veiled Beheading Threat "Next Time Kathy Won't be Holding His Fake Head!"  via  
 	This fuckin loser can't even get work selling reverse mortgages.lol 
 		Faggot Alert! 
 @a, we see right through you. This is just you catering to moronic boomercucks like  who won't move to Gab because every retarded thing he says will get Btfo.  The truth fears no investigations.  Just Ip ban porn spammer  and the porn problem will be solved. And ban porn in general- it isn't free speech. 
 Over the weekend while I was away attending a funeral, my sweet baby cat Nera died.she was the best cat I've ever owned, and was truly unique.   It breaks my heart I wasn't home when she passed.I hope you'll indulge me posting a photo and a painting of her. The painting was done by Candace Wagner  last year.   Please give your pet a hug or pat before you leave the house, each and every time.    
 		Well I'm not a nigger christard, so I'm not crucifying cats. But your insults all pretty much revolve around child rearing because that's all you're good for. 
 I got a visit from that schmuck as well  
 		Is that so? I make criticism and you immediately flame others for opinions on anime which you feel obligated to reply with vitriol. Honestly, I think you're a funny guy. 
 			you still haven't explained why my hero academia was better than overlord, even after you played the victim and whined about how insulting i was to you. i perfectly explained myself, you have yet to do so. i'm waiting.  
 				I think Mha better because it had overall better character progression on its characters, did not focus on long side arcs and disposable characters like in season 2, and had better technical finesse than Overlord. 
 						I don't see anything wrong with quoting you. Those are your own words after all. And all you can say are homophobic slurs in the end? I would say that's not very mature of you. 
 							all the mature people are on twitter. you should go be with your kind. 
 								Is this about the Asuka vs. Rei? 
 								I'm perfectly happy where I am. I think discouraging people with personal attacks and telling them to get out of their anime/manga thread as if it's a safe space is behavior that belongs in twitter. 
 						Overlord has a narrative drop in quality in the anime due to their cuts they've made from the light novels which I have read. Did you read the light novels too? 
 						Overlord has a narrative drop in quality in the anime due to their cuts they've made from the light novels which I have read. Did you read the light novels too? 
  
 	Whoever downvoted this is a Nigger Faggot League loving illiterate soyboy cuck.  
 Meet Dave Hogue, a design lead at Google.   Remember: we’re supposed to believe that there somehow isn’t a Leftist majority at Big Tech companies - that’s just a crazy conspiracy. 
 	Faggot  
 	wait. abolish the 13th? isnt that the one that basically abolished slavery? Am I missing something here? 
 		It's about the indentured servitude portion. 
 			and what would be the advantage of that? it will give Trump and conservatives a bad image cuz its so easy to exploit and has no importance honestly, that is, considering the current world we live in, that's probably something that shouldnt be on the priority list 
 				I agree, seems like a strange focus. We would have to ask Kanye where he's going with it. 
 					I think that he might be thinking about something else and ended up saying that. its kinda crazy cuz that will be able to cause hysteria if Blm or such movements try to exploit that along with the media 
 						I would hate for this to give those criminals food to attack Kanye again. They already accuse him of being crazy. To me, this proves how deep he thinks, many don't get where he's going. 
 							tbh, I dont think he is a very smart guy, even though he supports Trump he also did some really fucked up shit in a few awards and also in a few shows. I dont really like him as an artist and as a person I'm not sure but I'm not that impressed, although it is good to see that he supports Trump 
 								I don't want to judge him, haven't liked many things from the past but he seems to be trying to free himself. Just watching and waiting for now. 
 									well, I try to remember his past and try to figure out if he is doing something similar to what he did before, and I figure that he could redpill a lot of people but the 13th shit was dumb as hell. just paying that he wont fuck shit up and be retarded yet again like he did before. A few things also should happen so that we could change all this faster and faster 
 Moonbeam signs a law requiring all corporate boards to have women on them   
 	The time to clear Democrats from office holders in Ca is this election. What have you got to lose. The last Republican as Gov. was liberal progressive Swarzenegger, you remember the body builder with no ability to lead. Jerry Brown is a clown but than again, so were the other guys. Cox is the one to save Ca. You miss this opportunity to kick the Democrats out, you deserve what’s coming. Taxes, taxes and more taxes! 
 		Yes, our President needs our support over the establishment that; was selling us down the river as a nation.  The cunt Hillary Clinton is a dike bitch, cackling like a fat old chickenshit. 
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 	Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away,, scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? or the fact i made u bow down twice. kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
 		nigger 
 This Nazi cunt just shot up a synagoge in my home town. When shitlibs ask me why I carry, it’s because of fascist scum like this.  
  
 	Justin Trudeau is such a fucking retarded asshole that anytime he opens his mouth to speak, he creates another cringeworthy moment. He is a walking cringeworthy moment. Any Canadian that was stupid enough to vote for this moron should slap themselves across the face for being so stupid. 
 Many of you guys know I am not lily white.and not even Remotely Aryan. yet you have befriended me without hesitation.     The left wants to depict us as a festering hive of White Supremacist "nazis".     Gab is more than "Hate Speech".  For one thing, there is no such thing as hate speech.  It is a figment of emotion-driven leftist intolerance.    We are a vast community of free thinkers. We respect the opinions of others, though we may disagree.  We know that the First Amendment comes before all others, because tyranny begins the moment they attempt to silence us.    Color is inconsequential, but character is everything.     Good men and women died for My right to speak freely, and By God, I will.  Especially to fight leftist lies.    I  
 	I did not know you are not white. Nor does it matter to me. I judge by character not skin color and you are A+ ok in the character department. : ) 
 		Lol.  I've known you since Twitter, and read your backgroud story there.  I thought you were an "orphan" white girl who grew up in a black neighborhood, or something like that. White is sometimes just a perception.  Lot's of us in the melting pot are not "pure." 
 			I am not ashamed.  I am Irish and Menominee.  I lived in the "ghetto" in Chicago, in Altgeld Gardens, then raised as a ward of the state in foster care.  Adopted briefly. Then unadopted.     Conservatives come from all walks of life. 
 				I'm so mixed the mutt on my avatar is a pretty good assessment of my family genealogy. I've always lived as a hard working and partying country redneck white trash weirdo. Meh, it's a livin. ;) 
 	>Confirmed Anti-American communists > A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards Fucking make up your mind, doofus. 
 		How fucking stupid can you "people" be? Who said they deserve respect. I said people in Gab who have that forced in their face don't all need to see it. But just go fuck off and annoy someone else, or find a retard who's on the same mental level as you to talk to. 
 	Oh, c'mon. I'm sure is Q-rable 
 	Unparodieable. 
 	cons so thurstee 
 		Well, ja, those chicken carbonara sandwiches are purty good. 
 		Well, ja, those chicken carbonara sandwiches are purty good. 
 Oh noes! Linda SourPants is upset about Kavanaugh.   
 	You hurt from the Muzzie beatings you get everyday from your Muzzie handler. 
 Mom outraged over viral video of bullies pointing gun at son’s head  via    Me: I pray for our youth, what the hell is wrong with kids these days? 
 	Tell the wigger he can’t be intimidating while wearing a boy bun.   Wanna bet single mother (turned mudshark)? 
 Model Calls Herself ‘Brave’ for Portraying First Lady as a Stripper  Melanie Marden said she was 'empowering' women by being in the controversial music video from leftist rapper T.I.    
 	They do this all the time. Anytime these loonies wanna protest or make a statement, they take their clothes off. Look at their pride parades, their slut walks, Peta, etc. Why can't these idiots sit down and debate their points like grown adults? Instead they choose to strip down and run around like a bunch of retarded toddlers. It's baffling.  
 what a total nazi moron  is. Seig heil you lying fascist 
 	 
 		Oh I Forgot To Mention Butthurt  Islamo-Nazi  As Another FAsCIST Loving, Hitler ToTING AsSWIPE. My Bad 
 				Thought You Always Were A Coward . But Now I KNow You Are Shithead Coward 
 					Lol At you thinking your words matter in any way.  
 					Lol At you thinking your words matter in any way.  
 		She’s a top shelf retard. Surprised she hasn’t been asked to run for office by the Dnc 
 Has Saudi Arabia Finally Gone Too Far?  via  
 		i would just ban any mainstream media that isn't 100% working on subscriber money.  no ads, limited donations of say 1000$  if the reporting is good and worth reading you will survive. if it's not you will die.  no more jewish billionaire to save your ass and you remove all those media that only survive with govt help. 
 		i would just ban any mainstream media that isn't 100% working on subscriber money.  no ads, limited donations of say 1000$  if the reporting is good and worth reading you will survive. if it's not you will die.  no more jewish billionaire to save your ass and you remove all those media that only survive with govt help. 
 Turn it      
 	Yeah then I can change my 13 x 19 Redneck Screen Saver 
 		It would look awesome all   
 		It would look awesome all   
  
 	Uppity, cocksucking nigger I has the audacity to call a white president a racist!   sorry, not sorry!   you don’t get to go all racist and not expect to be called out on your own racism, asshole! 
 Video: Pro-Trans Mob Attacks Newspaper Office for Running Ads Against Letting Men ‘Self-identify’ as Women            Transgender activists have picketed and attacked a newspaper’s offices with smoke bombs after it printed an ad opposed to letting biological men ‘self-identify’ as women.  The activists chanted slogans, unfurled ‘Trans Women are Women!’ banners, and reportedly threw smoke bombs into Northcliffe House on Friday afternoon, filling the entrance of the London building with fumes and shutting down the street.   The building houses the offices of the right-leaning Daily Mail, which has occasionally questioned transgender ideology, and the Metro, which printed an ad arguing against legal changes which could allow biological men who identify as women into women’s changing room and rape crisis centres.  The protest is thought to have been aimed at the Metro, but ironically only online staff  a completely separate team that had nothing to do with the printed ad  were in the building at the time.   The ad urged readers to Think about it and  in bold letters, arguing against proposed changes to the Gender Recognition Act (Gra) which would allow biological men to legally declare themselves women  or self-identify  with no medical checks or treatment.   Last year the Conservative Party reportedly backed the plan, before the Government Equalities Office changed tack in June and insisted they would not compromise women’s rights.   Many women’s and feminist groups, including Fair Play for Women (Fpfw), which was behind the ad, have argued the changes pose a threat to biological women.   Fpfw was called transphobic for the ads, but insist they support the right of transgender people to live safely and free from discrimination.   They add that the right of [biological] women to live safely is also important, however, and must not come at the expense of transgenderism.   The Advertising Standards Authority told Pink News website earlier this month it will investigate whether the Fpfw ad violates advertising standards.   A spokesman said adverts should not contain anything that is likely to cause serious or widespread offence.   Particular care should be taken on the grounds of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability or age. Ads should also be prepared in a socially responsible way, they said.   We have received a small number of complaints about the Fair Play for Women ad which we will assess carefully to establish if there are any grounds for further action.   In judging whether those rules have been broken, the Asa takes into account the context and medium in which an ad appears, the audience that’s likely to see it and prevailing standards in society.   Ads may contain opinions, views or ideologies that may be distasteful to some without necessarily breaking the rules.   A government consultation on the changes to the Gender Recognition Act finished this week, making the debate in recent weeks more urgent.   Ukip London Assembly Member David Kurten criticised the proposals, arguing: Theresa May’s government’s proposed reform of the Gender Recognition Act to allow anyone to self-certify as the gender they are not is a preposterous attack on objective scientific truth.    
 	 
 		Thick twat spelt Trains wrong! 
 Fuck those faggot house niggers  Vote Red Wave    
  
 	That would be 8  you retarded bitch. Simple  
 Cory Booker: Kavanaugh Disqualified, 'Whether He's Innocent or Guilty'  
 		Just another failed mayor from Newark, New Jersey. As far as he is concerned that's all the credentials he needs. 
 		Just another failed mayor from Newark, New Jersey. As far as he is concerned that's all the credentials he needs. 
  
 	Bragging about owning a retard like Hillary Clinton is like bragging about beating a quadriplegic at kickboxing. 
 Interesting back story to this: James Allsup previously had warned friends and family of this girl about the risks of dating blacks.  
 		Even if she has a father at home, she still kinda doesn't have a father at home. 
 		very true. 
 		The toast of all their liberal friends.   'Well my daughter just brought home a nice young African American 'boy'.'  
 		The toast of all their liberal friends.   'Well my daughter just brought home a nice young African American 'boy'.'  
 well paid . 
 	Tom, you're a buff looking dude, so why don't you go down to the border and intimidate those spic mongrels by flexing your biceps? 
 A Message From Oregon Police Chief Danielle Outlaw     
 	Oh look a female chief. A black female chief. I'm Sure  she earned it over the surely white male majority of cops there. Definitely  
 		Please use this:   It saves me the time of looking at your profile to see if it's sarcasm or just the typical retard on the left.  Thankfully sarcasm!  
  Clown! 
 		he hasnt left the 80"s behind  
 		Steroids 
 		Look how he towers over the ‘vette. Bet he’s at least 5’ tall. (Ok, 4 1/2’).  
 		Look how he towers over the ‘vette. Bet he’s at least 5’ tall. (Ok, 4 1/2’).  
 Apparently Houston blacks are doing this now.    
 	Ten years at least. 
 		If this were a White thing, it'd be banned, but we can't impinge on nigger culture. 
 		If this were a White thing, it'd be banned, but we can't impinge on nigger culture. 
 Code word for cunt is   ( see you inn tee ) get it?  
 		White people were slaves too in America   
 		Keep your heads about you. 
 		Keep your heads about you. 
 I guess some retard thinks we dont have a problem with muslims just because we dont talk about them. We have enough faggots like you talking about them. Someone else needs to talk about the jews destroying the west.  
  
 	it's a faggot too hence the utter insanity at work. 
     "National Emergency" - Trump To Cut Central American Aid As Mexico Loses Control Of Migrant Army 
 	Call up the Redneck Army.  That'll stop 'em. 
 		this is going to backfire on their blue wave.these people really are stupid. 
 		The caravan is the blue wave. Lol 
 		We as Americans need to be prepared to see bodies piled up like cord wood. This is a war. War is messy. This can get messy in a hurry. [just like the globalists want] 
 		Looks like the white hats have something to say about this bullshit.   
 		Looks like the white hats have something to say about this bullshit.   
 It's officially acceptable to hate Taylor Swift now (if you didn't already).  And enough of those Taylor loving Nazis already.  Just another moron entertainer    
 		Sounds like Taylor Swift is about to come out of the closet. 
 		Sounds like Taylor Swift is about to come out of the closet. 
 Lmao Elizabeth Warren what a dumb twat  
 Attempted Rapist On The Loose In Nyc: Nypd says black male followed female (42) victim into building near E 20 & Ave C in  area, assaulted, choked and groped her before fleeing. Call Nypd at 1-800-577-Tips (8477)    
 	What? Another innocent nigger thug being blamed? Lawdy Lawdy Lawdy mis claudy. 
     the video doesn't show another nigger getting hot lead.  Bummer 
 	We certainly have our fair share.would they be called "Cornflakes"?  
 		I would call them cornholers! 
 		Wow.that got dark fast. 
 		The Truth is not for the fainthearted is it? 
 		.ok. 
 	Banned Contest Challenge on Normies. New Viral Meme. Funny. Relevant. Here is one I made on Will Smith Pre-Kanye West Trump in Men In Black (Mib). Here are some videos, pictures, links. Npc. Bots. Robots. Win money here.    
 	The Deliberate Dumbing Down of America Free ebook download:  
 	Amen! 
 Rt :    Leftists aren’t fools. You don’t go after the strong members of the herd. You target the weaklings.  
 	Flake wasn't targeted. He was in on it. Part of the plan.  He didn't have to stand there, quietly, in that elevator, and get berated by 2 hustler skanks and their handler, with press filming everything. Just the excuse he needed to fuck up shit for Trump. 
 		Flake admitted he would not have done this if up for re-election. A total McCain cuck-stooge, picking up right where he left off.  
 			I hope libtards don't make the mistake of thinking that we're all gonna just stand their and get yelled at by some cunt with broken English and not throw a right cross square in her mug.gonna be in for a big surprise 
 Mexican news says caravans grow to 14,000 people    
 	They need to stop this if it gets through whats to stop another 30,000 in a few months trying their luck 
 		That cunt needs taking out 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	Off topic but that is a pretty nice jacket imo 
 	Off topic but that is a pretty nice jacket imo 
 Hahaha Some Faggot Is Saying Yuck! But Then Goes And Sticks A Cock In HIs Mouth.Lol  
 How to scare a Democrat.     
 	You can always tell a republican they're the good looking ones 
 		What are you some kind of mudshark?  
 			It’s even worse when nigger lovers pretend like they’re right wing. They’re fucking stupid  
 We were already digitally kettled over here for just that purpose I'd say. This place will be glow in the dark faggot spooked to fuck, observing, taking notes, running algos, cross referencing data etc. 
 	Are the faggot pantifa being charged? Time to mask up.confuse them all 
  Watch Live: Cory Booker Wants To Turn Anchor Babies INTo Trust Fund Babies  New Jersey Democrat has plan to offer money to all children born in the United States  David Knight | Infowars.com - OCToBER 23, 2018     
 	Cory Booker Is A Fucking Retarded Scumbag! 
 Seems loud and clear to me: 
 	that commie twat - owned!  
 Watch: Another Abortion Activist Assaults a Pro-Life Woman, Hitting Her With a Metal Clamp  
 		A real fucking piece of shit, that Dyke bitch should be arrested and prosecuted.  
    John James for U.S. Senate Michigan      Get States Wheels turning Again.   Michigan was once the Economic Engine   of     Created Millions Of Jobs in U.S.    Vote for John James!    alongside President Trump  for Michigan               
 		I can almost agree with you there, bro.  I'd rather have a Nigger Republican than a Democrat Anything, and a Democrat Anything rather than a Jew.  Coon or not, Mr. James is the best in the race.  What does that say about Michigan Politics? :^( 
 News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
 		He was a half German and half Japanese.disgusting half-breeds. 
 		He was a half German and half Japanese.disgusting half-breeds. 
 	They are under the impression that it's a self defense tactic.  That it will "buy us time" or slow the bleeding.  I'm not mad at them tbh. I used to believe that as well. I understand the temptation to cling to political hope, and won't fault them for it. But I'm not going to continue participating in the charade. 
 		You should fault them. Or at least be vocal about that retarded faggotry. 
 The Democrats have never been good at understanding fractions. 
 	Democrats have no intelligence to even understand a single Fact much less fractions!  All Democrats are brainwashed retarded and only repeat what they have been told!  Democrats are human sewage! 
 Arrest that dyke for obstruction  
 Imagine being so desperate to kill your unborn baby that you’d get a tattoo of a coat hanger to signal to the world that you’d be willing to scrape your child out of your womb barbarically if push came to shove.   Feminists truly are psychopaths. 
 	Why not just got your tubes tied instead? Then you don't have to worry about it.  
 		Why not just jump in front of a bus since life is so terrible u have to protest by paying some junky freak to give u hepatitis with a needle they used on a nigger an hour before  
 Southampton student union leader wants to paint over ww1 mural  
 	Little Millennial cunt is a race traitor, looking to help erase her own history. 
  A jury has convicted white Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke of second-degree murder in the 2014 shooting of black teenager Laquan McDonald.   
  A jury has convicted white Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke of second-degree murder in the 2014 shooting of black teenager Laquan McDonald.   
 If you wouldn't act like such a mean cunt all the time I wouldn't even know it was you. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	Only spammers and subversives oppose a block button. Thanks for helping cleanse this platform of spam.  
 		This lazy nigger has a six-hour-per-week show. Haha.   He muted me. Now he wants to block me. 
 Alleged Assaults Shake Up Minnesota Gop Candidates As Election Day Looms  via  
 	Why alleged ? Always alleged when we get attacked and always stated as fact when they lie about getting attacked. Deep State retard narratives 
 Those fake bombs Democrats are sending out wouldn't pass quality control at Acme! It's not a  it's a ! 
 	No One Who Is NoT A Fucking Moron believes a Low Iq Faggot could have pulled the Fake Bomb thing off !   Stinks of False Flag Deep State Bullshit ! 
 I'm tempted to post a bunch of my best (and most questionable) Inkling x Octavio images just for my boy Andrew but I'm not sure I want to subject my followers to that. 
 	Well, if you tag it  they'll only have themselves to blame for not having such posts muted. 
 		post spanking porn, faggot 
 I suppose they forgot about the "Collaborated with Nazi's" "Sold out his own people to Nazi's" and the fact that Soros was proud of doing so his whole life.   It's very clear who is allied with who these days, don't let them get away with the revisionist history, vote these idiots back into obscurity where they belong.   Disgusting woman. 
 	retarded delusional cunt 
 White Nationalist movement set back decades by this hateful act. Anyone who admires this is not interested in solutions to what we face. We are now painted as hateful people now more than ever. So those of you among us who continue to spout hatred towards all Jews should be very proud of yourselves for destroying the work of those of us who sought to bring understanding of the injustices directed at European people by Communists seeking to dominate a world without Western culture or European people. The damage is done and the price will now be paid. We will all suffer now, more than ever. Nothing to celebrate here.         Revealed: Synagogue shooter is a gun-obsessed anti-Semite who believes Trump is a puppet for Jewish interests  
 	Antisemites are not good people - Nazis are not good people - Islamists are not good people - Hamas are not good people 
 			Some are more worthless than others - I see antisemites, Hamas, "Palestinians", Nazis, Ira, Isis, Al Qaeda, as worthless 
 				You know what they all have in common - paedophiles 
 			Ps - I've been discriminated against - haven't killed anyone . yet  
 				Same here discriminated againtst since age of four when I would be caned at school for being left handed, still not a killer did make me ambidexterous tho! 
 				Same here discriminated againtst since age of four when I would be caned at school for being left handed, still not a killer did make me ambidexterous tho! 
 Anyone who thinks Trump is on our side is retarded 
 	Feinstein released her sniffers (Frankenstein) 
 	Feinstein released her sniffers (Frankenstein) 
 Keep trying faggot LOLzy 
   I seriously think you may be Too Dumb to stay. Or. you can actually  Read The Post Instead Of Following Your Retarded Friends!   
 Wow  
 	Yeah, nobody cares. Grow up. 
 		Say"S A Mixed Multitude  Num 11:1-4 kjv  And when the people complained, it displeased the Lord: and the Lord heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the Lord burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.   2 And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the Lord, the fire was quenched.   3 And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the Lord burnt among them.   4 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat? 
 			Bob Marley - Selassie is the Chapel    
 					both  
 						lol their the true Israelites. A debate between Identity Christians and Rastafarians might be in order.   
 								you do realize it's still all sand nigger shit Right 
 Rt :    Staffers laud McCaskill for hiding gun views in undercover video: 'She's really good about strategy  via  
 	Vote this lying cunt out 
 Just. retarded  
 Turnbull will be remembered in historyas what?              
 	Turnbull will be remembered in history as a Labor reject & a Lnp traitor.        
 		This cunt tried to join the Alp, remember? the commies didn't like him he wasn't read enough for their liking 
 	Thinking you make a fool of others isn't the same as doing it. Little children learn this by the age of 5. How come you haven't? You don't have the intelligence to make a fool of anyone but yourself. 
 			Why are you so easy to trigger? Inventing people you think is me is so puerile . Don't you think you should move on from the playground pussyboy? 
 			Why are you so easy to trigger? Inventing people you think is me is so puerile . Don't you think you should move on from the playground pussyboy? 
 	All of this is all designed to scare off any conservative nominees to the Supreme Court. Period. Ruth Buzzi Ginzburg pick is not so far off. 
 	Now there's a perfect  syndrome, of missing person.  
 	Ultra Lefty Chad boy is in on the Charade against Judge Kavanaugh for sure ! 
 	Fbi will have a talk with him too. . 
 	Another target has reared his ugly head.  Sick 'im!  
 	What a load of Democrat donor Bullshit! 
 	What a load of Democrat donor Bullshit! 
 That’s right freeloader. We invented it all. We made it work. Retarded assholes like you are parasites that feed off of our sewage. 
 Well , I finished the 10k assault course in the top 20% of 250 runners. Very proud of our group of alt-right runners, who all gave a great account of themselves and raised over 1000 to advocate for the protection of white Sa farmers.   And now for the bad.   I did not see Any diversity at the run - not one single representative of the rainbow coalition was there for the event. It was boring, everyone looked the same (plain white), no good music, no good restaurants during the run. Not representative of the diversity which makes our nation so great.   :)   Why are leftists so fat? 
 	And some faggot said their was no leadership in Britain. Sounds great guys.  
 Moonbat Harpy Maxine Waters just can't keep the stupid inside. 
 		Cnn has opened the door to using the words Negro and Nigger again.  Aren't they so respectful and caring of our black brothers and sisters! 
  
 	Illegal Faggot Muslim Usurper Communist Marxist Fraud Obama never saw Hawaii until the age of 3 yrs old. As a pre teen he prostituted himself for cocaine & others drugs.  He was a miserable Pos in school from day one, having beeen raised by devout Communists all sides.  Its all the Sob has ever known. He was born in Kenya.  Execute The Bastard  & Hurry Up 
 	 bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
  what a cunt you are! Listen bimbo You'Re Not The PReSIDENT, TheRe ARe OTheR Things To Accomplish Along With The Wall. You bash him over bringing home American Citizens that were basically held hostage by other countries? What a twat you are you scumbag, ya know who cares about the 17 ppl he and his administration has brought home? TheIR Families, The American People, The PReSIDENT, Vp Pence, And Again Most Importantly TheIR Families Or Do TheY Not Matter Because The Wall Isn'T DoNE Yet You Dingbat! 
 That little Faggot was awe struck that his superman sucker punch was stopped so suddenly! He is so lucky that big man was of Christian faith and did not Bitch slap him!  
     Why does AtlantaDowntown have the Pedo-Triangle as its logo? 
 	Research how many missing person cases there and you'll answer your own question.  
 		Atlanta was also the intended target the muzzie in Nm was training the kids for who has connections to Obama 
 Please listen to me, I am a White American Woman that's a registered Republican, who voted for Trump. I own guns. I support free speech, I pay to be on Gab. I fought porn spammers, I fought obscene violent anime child porn posters. My birth name is Christina. I love my Country and you my Volk. Please stop hating "Nazis", we are not your enemies. You must listen to us.    Antifa are Communists, far left.    Antifa stands for Anti-Fascist.   Nazis are Fascists, far right.    Nazis arrested Socialists, Democratic Socialists, Communists and Anarchists. 
 		National Socialist, you idiot. No Nsdap documentation uses the word "Nazi", Hitler himself never used the word "Nazi". It was always "Nationalsozialismus".  "AshkeNAZI Jews" doesn't prove anything. 
 				Fuck you!  How retarded are you? The True Nazi's of WW2 were despicable fucking askeNazi Jews!  Obviously you are not a rocket scientist are you?  The Facts right in front of you face and you still deny!   
 8,000 blacks murder each other each year in the U.S., 6,000 Americans are killed by illegal aliens each year in the United States. Where is the outrage? When is the last time you saw this get world wide news coverage? 
 		I have a Black Lives Matter policy idea: 
 		I have a Black Lives Matter policy idea: 
 Dipshit Nigger !   She-Boon Hates America ! 
 	We're probably close to the same age.My great grandmother was a Texan Southerner and used to read me this book as a young lad. 
 	 
 		exactly 
 		exactly 
 Why One Jewish Man Refuses to Date Jewish Women | The Oprah Winfrey Show | Oprah Winfrey Network    
 	Jew man hates Jewish women! 
 		And I ask ,what`s to love there?a bitching cunt who wants your shekels? 
 		What gave it away?  
 		Fluttering hands and queer socks.lol 
 		His Pj's must be a riot.  
 		Hearts and flowers probably. 
 		With a trap door in the back.  
 		So you can get some"back hole."lmao 
 		So you can get some"back hole."lmao 
 	build a wall around them and leave the niggers to kill each other off, whites shouldn't apply to be police in non-white areas 
 A third of Hispanic immigrants are following the 19th century assimilation model and becoming Republicans. A third are sinking into America's hip hop underclass. The other third are so transient and disengaged from the country they're visiting that they're politically inert. 
 			Best stick with claiming to be pure whigger trash as a ZOGtard.  
 I haven't always liked ol' Lindsey, but he's been killing it lately.   Now that McCain is gone, maybe this new Lindsey will stick around. 
 	$100? No wonder democrats want more $5 wetback BJs 
 	And the Mudshark nigglet? Dont forget to take him to hell too 
 I just want to give a special shout out to those taking time to leave reviews of my books at Amazon.  It really helps, and the five minutes you take to share an impression helps keep my efforts afloat.   Thus far, I'm proud to say the last effort in The Coming Civil War is getting five stars across the board.    
 	Your darkest fears for the future of this country will be realized. The only question is what you can do to mitigate the disaster for yourself and family. If nothing else, the author explains what is happening around you and, in a sense, how this multicultural disaster that our nation has become Must end if we are to survive.  
 		disaster? war? The left talks a lot of shit and have been pushing buttons and their luck a little to much for a group of folks who do not believe in guns. gonna be a slaughter like shooting retarded fish in a barrel. Smh  
 faggot nigger 
 		They accuse Only White people. No one else. 
 				Orwell should have been hung for giving the Left a guide from which they may operate. A manual, if you will. 
 					Orwell gave us a guide for the rest of us!  Same with ALdous Huxley brave New World which is more like where we are at.  They told us it was coming, just nobody believed it.  Silent weapons for a quiet war all the way! 
 						Psychics, they were. 
 							They both learned it from the Fabian Society of which Obama was a graduate!  The art of Lying!  Inverting the whole world! 
 								Indeed. 
 								Indeed. 
 Tommy Robinson was photographed with a group of young soldiers during a chance meeting at a motorway service station. These lads have now had their phones seized and are being "investigated" by the British Army who buckled under  pressure from muslims.    I am pretty close to breaking point - this is an outrage and it is clearly being made into an issue by our enemies.    Please, if you feel angry about this or simply want to show support for our troops over the spineless middle class who can wet themselves when muslims complain.    Please sign here - www.StandWithOurLads.com 
 		Nazi hund have u even read mein kampf ? Hitler loved muzzies hated, charlemenge of all people. He certainly was more fond of muzzie members then jewish ones 
 When you hear "white man this. white man that."   The only appropriate response is "Fuck off retard of color" 
 How can anyone with a mind vote for Her .  
 	Don't get me started on Rep. Hank Johnson .Google Guam Tipping Over Hank Johnson . 
 		Nigger with an I.Q. of 80! 
 	What a complete faggot 
 The rice nigger is a blue check mark and assuming that same rice nigger was given every opportunity thinkable to slide into a doctorate program. Under The Patriarchy! 
 	>a sand nigger doesn't feel safe because "muh rape" the irony is unbelievable  
 This is the List of Moral Alignment         Chaotic Good: Crusader for Yahweh   Lawful Good: Fight for White Justice   Neutral Good: Will Help a Fellow White Man in Need   Neutral: Could Care Less either Way    Neutral Evil: Would Watch Folk Die & Not Help   Lawful Evil: Cold Blooded Nigger Killer   Chaotic Evil: Jew Rabbi or Serial Killer 
 Stop Communism In America   Dianne SwineStein Has To Go 
 		 
 		 
 Opinion: Nancy Brinker: All women need access to the best breast cancer technology, now  
 	Finally someone advocating for breast cancer screenings. Prostate cancer kills more people, but the constant pleas for men to be screened, and the awareness campaigns, and ribbons are getting really tiresome. 
 		Yeah. I keep waiting for some kike faggot to get prostate cancer so we can get a great big nation-wide org formed so another kike can be in charge of it and all the donation given can be stolen for their own personal gain. Just like Susan B Komens org! Yeah! that's the ticket!  
 	If like to see you say that to his face.  
 		anytime 
 		anytime 
 The guy at the elevator door (I assume security/police) should have grabbed her finger and snapped her fucking wrist. Bunch of screeching retarded cunts. 
 A Quick look At Your Site,I See Your A Typical Little Coward Anonymous  Faggot Left Of Center Libertarian Clown,At Least Check My Fuckin Timelines Since I Joined Gab,I'm A Fuckin Atheist,You Stupid MotherFucker,Christians,Jews,Moslems & Buddhist Can All Die For All I Fuckin Care,Go Wait For The Next Conspiracy Or False Flag,Dumb Fuck Pussy  
 Actress Jane Fonda proclaimed in a new interview that the upcoming midterms are the most important elections of my lifetime and said that it was hard for her to breathe in America right now.  The elections on Nov. 6 are the most important elections of my lifetime. So much depends on what happens, Jane Fonda told a film festival crowd in France, according to The Hollywood Reporter.  It’s hard for me to breathe right now, Fonda also said.   Jane, you traitorous bitch, for the love of God, please top breathing Now! 
 	The cunt just can't stop flapping her gums! 
 So now I guess it's Trump's fault that these idiots decided to ride out the hurricane with two bottles of water and a bag of Doritos? Either be prepared or run for the hills, but sitting on your hands waiting for someone to 'do something' is bullshit. 
 	It's the socialist training, this what happens when you run out of gimmie's 
 			I think they're more than retarded, brain dead maybe, as all liberals are. 
 hey ya little douchebag hows the spelling grammar nazi today? hey ya kill anything today beat your wife or the dog ya redneck piece of shit lol , hey my daughter wrote that one for me ya fucked face ignorant cunt  
 	Apparently, the jewish created engine of future growth (White Genocide) will have a sub 90 Iq brownies (like retarded sub 90 Iq israelis) who commit crime waves, rapes, and financial fraud (jewish specialty). You can't have a 1st world nation with muds and slimy smelly shitbag disgusting jews. Jews = Assholes 
 @a Gab keeps going down today. We are under attack.   If Deep State or Big Pedo Tech takes Gab down completely, I want court action. It's an attack on our rights & freedoms. It is persecution of people who won't shut up & obey the psycho order.   No consistency here. Twitter is allowed to be a haven for pedos & Leftists inciting violence, assassinations etc. 
 	 
 		Leftists can be anyone retarded enough to be a degenerate. We are talking about the Deep State, the Soviets, and the Un when talking about them shutting us down. They are powerful, despite being a minority. 
 Iran sends Hezbollah Gps parts to turn rockets into precision missiles -- report  
 	a nuke sent to Teheran might fuck up the muzzie supply system 
 Writer for the Colbert Show wrote this Tweet yesterday.  She deleted it and locked her account right afterwards.   We will make sure this vile Tweet gets around so the American people know where to place their vote in November! 
 	What a Cunt 
 People keep telling me to check Twitter to see if they've lifted the suspension.    Look: They're Not Going To Lift The Suspension.    Okay?    But that's fine. I don't care.     On Twitter, you always have to look over your shoulder. I'm already doing that on YouTube, so I'm not interested in going back to a place policed by fat-assed women and reed-thin former males who "feel very uncomfortable" and spew hate while piously whimpering about "hateful behavior."    Leftism is finally dead. Like a chicken with its head cut off, leftism doesn't Know it's dead yet. After the midterms, either Twitter will reform itself or ban All non-leftists.    I'm betting on the latter. Jack Dorsey now reminds me of every doomed fanatic I've ever had the misfortune of dealing with. Leftists always double down until they completely implode.    Even if Twitter lifted the suspension, I'd still be a target.     After the midterms, Gab will get a massive number of members, and I'm working on a project that will draw a lot of attention.    So fuck Twitter, fuck Jack Dorsey, and fuck leftism. No more poison. 
 	Jack The Twat has lost the plot. 
 	Jack The Twat has lost the plot. 
  
 	Come on.  This is cute.     I see a family doing something harmless and fun Together. 
 		that's not a family. that's some nigger whore with her two bastards and her pimp  
 Typical sneaky snake, leftist twat (redundant).   Dem Candidate Caught On Camera Removing Gop Pamphlet From Voter’s Home  via        
 Typical sneaky snake, leftist twat (redundant).   Dem Candidate Caught On Camera Removing Gop Pamphlet From Voter’s Home  via        
        With the midterms coming you may be asking yourself   "Is the dude I'm about to vote for a total faggot on immigration?"                  Find out at the Numbers Usa Immigration Report Card       
  
 		Says the Faggot that is more afraid of Transgendered Intersectional Gay Loves than Isis . Idiot.  
 		Says the Faggot that is more afraid of Transgendered Intersectional Gay Loves than Isis . Idiot.  
 Verhofstadt is maniacally pro-migration and represents the interests of Soros and migration to the point of obsession  Hungary’s ruling party    
 	That cunt should be hung! 
 Italians don’t Larp on the internet, trying to prove how hard they are with their fed-posting. They just up and seize government buildings, raid Antifa HQs and go on nigger revenge killing sprees.   ------------------- Roy Batty, Staff, Daily Stormer     
 Georgetown university professor calls for murder & mutilation of Gop senators 
 	Here's that retard talking to her students just last month.   
 	Here's that retard talking to her students just last month.   
 	***************** Where did Hondurans from the incoming caravan/hoarde get a top-of-the-line Maclaren stroller that currently sells for $368.88 on Amazon? ************* ? 
 		a wetback stole it and mailed to wetbackland 
 	That's a lie, I disprove your fake news narrative daily  
 			Here you go  
 					Is that not the traffic chart  
 						How can the site traffic skyrocket but the daily post count remain more or less the same?    
 							How can you determine daily post without sources    
 								Ask      
 																 
 But wait. the Dems said it wasn't them. and  it's them.     
 	A Nigger and a Jew Kike ! 
 		I wonder if niggger works.I'll try next time. 
 Outstanding! You Will Love This! Students Offered College Credit For Kavanaugh Protest Trip, Get Unwanted Surprise On Bus  
 		an official degree in libtard studies  
 Smh.   Why Am I Not Surprised?   Breaking:   Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker    With Lawyer Response to Gateway Pundit    
 	Hahahaha cory booker the pole smoker we knew it all along you poofter why hide the truth? I forgot he's a politician. 
 		Was (((spartacus))) a faggot also? 
 	inb4 nigger babies tho 
  
 	Btw, his Muzzie Girlfriend must dress him  
 Rumor: Marvel Extended Cinematic Universe / Star Wars Universe crossover for Avengers 8   omgomgomg 
 		So you're saying it's Definitely happening, that's a second source saying the same thing right there folks, Marwars confirmed! 
 			Anyone surprised? 
 			Anyone surprised? 
 Pa Democrat sentenced to 15 years in prison  
 	Pawlowski:  Who do I have to mail a bomb to and get out of this? 
 		DoNot Retard To Sinder                                                           To The Affection Of Tod Hang                                         Generil Delivry                                        Aloho Hawawee 124689 
 			Rofl.well that's one package the Usps will make sure I get. 
 				lol.The Usps slogan, "We Do Our Best.Sometimes" 
 					Ikr!  I use a post office box because I'm in the boonies.four digits.4217.  My mail is constantly mixed up with box 4127.  I get theirs, they get mine.  I've complained a half dozen times and still happens.  And the folks at 4127 don't give me my mail on a regular basis.they let it ferment.sigh.Neither rain nor snow or even dyslexia. 
 						Lmao! 
 						Lmao! 
     I do, Mr. President. I do.  Check my profile. 
 	No a globalist is someone who wants to lower American standards and have a one world govt run by an unelected cabal that rules over the super poor with zero rights.  The Eu is the prototype, now look at Germany, France and England once great productive nations now shitholes with arrests for speech.  Tell the truth.   
 		Useless retard muted 
 'Look at this f---ing white guy!' bigot yells before attacking man in pizzeria.  
 	Notice how these nigger attackers only go after the elderly and week keep you selves strong so when the niggers come for you youcan defend your selves  
 Socialist twat Check out ’s Tweet:  
 Socialist twat Check out ’s Tweet:  
   Tomorrow's Times front page 
 	Typical liberal debauchery on display. Sad! 
 			It literally gets worse every single day. 
 			It literally gets worse every single day. 
 	Hey cunt this is not a democrcy  
 James O'Keefe: McCaskill's Response is Outrageous    
 		she takes money to kill babies, that's a nigger no matter what the skin color is 
 Feminists simply aren’t able to grasp the concept of personal responsibility. 
 	your cunt stinks and no one will ever love you 
 Kanye West to Meet With President Trump and Jared Kushner Thursday in White House  Liberal Heads Explode  
 	A crossdressing Jew billionaire meets a millionaire Black rapper married to a disgusting whore. That's real heartland America, Andrew Jackson and George Washington would be stomping asses by now. 
 		Kanye= Wants to get nigger criminals out of prison. Kushner= wants to dump American money on Israel. Neither care about White Gentiles. Kanye is a revolting poop skin chimpanzee. Trump cuddles him to make cowardly White boomers feel not r-r-r-racist like the Jew media screeches they are. 
 Funny how some spineless cunt comes through here downvoting everyone but offers zero counter argument as to why its okay to be a bolshevik who supports Zimbabwe niggers and advocates kikes be given a place in "eurasia" etc. 
 The cover up of the inbred , parasite animals who use vulnerable children as sex slaves is at an end . Tommy Robinson has changed everything and the animals are on the run . 
 	The brit fags are bending over for muzzies. the piece of shit mayor of London is a muzzie as are other mayors. stupidity rules Britannia. 
 We gonna whip that nigger lover to death.    
 What does being Jewish have to do with Zionism? Is every Brit a liberal cunt because their government is?  I fully support the country of Israel's right to exist and put up borders between themselves and the same Muslim hordes that are successfully invading all of the Uk.   
 Wait. did she do a porno or something? 
 	Man, I hope not! 
 			Maybe I could watch it so long as she didn't make those crazy bug eyes of hers. Yikes! 
 			Maybe I could watch it so long as she didn't make those crazy bug eyes of hers. Yikes! 
 No. The Moron is the faggot in a dress. 
 It doesn't matter what it is - if it doesn't belong to you and you take it, it's theft.  
 		Yup. 
 		Yup. 
 Deficit Soars Even as Income Tax Revenue Hits Record High  The $779 billion deficit is the highest since the heady days of "Hope 'n' Change" in 2012.    
 	I could be my hillbilly thinking but if we owe you 1mill and I give you 1mill in aid than I owe you 0 how hard is it for the government to do math how can we give a trillion dollars away in aid and be in debt? This is fake debt it does not exist  
 	I could be my hillbilly thinking but if we owe you 1mill and I give you 1mill in aid than I owe you 0 how hard is it for the government to do math how can we give a trillion dollars away in aid and be in debt? This is fake debt it does not exist  
 Why would you call someone a nigger even before seeing the color of is skin.#QuickToJudge 
  is going to lose millions because it is to much about the money than the people, Fuck you Gab ban me Bitch, i brought you 90% you subscribers ill end you'er ass cunts ! Fix my video issue or suffer the consequnces Fact cunt ! 
 	Attractive 
 		"I gotta get me some of that" said No man ever. 
 	I bet her Gyn sends her to a car wash before examining her. 
 	I bet her Gyn sends her to a car wash before examining her. 
 Un court tells Us to ease Iran sanctions in blow for Trump   
 		They don’t, and Trump said as much at his U.N. speech last week. 
 		They don’t, and Trump said as much at his U.N. speech last week. 
 Well gab was always nigger aids anyway. I did like killing time at work posting cool pics and music but I guess this will free up more time for hentai 
 Over the weekend while I was away attending a funeral, my sweet baby cat Nera died.she was the best cat I've ever owned, and was truly unique.   It breaks my heart I wasn't home when she passed.I hope you'll indulge me posting a photo and a painting of her. The painting was done by Candace Wagner  last year.   Please give your pet a hug or pat before you leave the house, each and every time.    
 	Fuck cats. They are jews of the animal kingdom. Your cat is burning in hell. 
 				  Cool it with the anti retard remarks. 
 					You brought up the slur "retard".  I only explained that Aspies like you are not retarded in the traditional sense, though you are in fact socially retarded.  It's not difficult for normal (neurotypical) people to recognize your autistic thought when you make sick comments about cats to a grieving cat owner. 
 YouTube is now committing outright theft on Superchats. What retarded Ceo okay'd committing mass felonies? 
 No.  One happened in the real world.  All the e-celeb coat tail riding for Trump and as The Movement Turns faggot tier drama isn't worth 1 day lost for the guys that got political sentences.  All the e-shit and optics and vote straight R fucktards to the ovens for the freedom of the guys that Big Zog came down on. 
 Hey girls of Gab.   If you had to make out with one which would you choose? 
 	tricky choice nigger or jew.   obama is a fairly yeller nigger. paul reubin is all jew. it's a really tough call for you girls. 
 It is astonishing how these Whitey McCrackers like Sean King, Rachel D, Beto, Elizabeth Warren, et al are posing as servants of non-whites.  Imagine being some Nig or Spic having these crackers blow smoke up your ass.   Such brazen posturing!  I hope the Nigs refuse to support White Democrats because they've pushed this bullshit to the edge. 
 Poll: 75% Likely Voters Say Celebrity Endorsements Not Important for Vote   
 	I think Retarded celebrities endorsement is a great indicator that everybody should run away from that candidate!  Hollywood is a morally degenerate sewer! 
 I want to strange a nazi and see the life fade out of their eyes.   Fuck nazis. 
 	The Fbi will find your other handle. You're not very smart ;) 
 		Lol you're funny nutzy faggot ;) 
 Perjury?  
 	Clearly perjury.  She'll get the cunt and libturd pass squared and never be held accountable. 
 Trump Was Right: City Council Offices, Headed by San Juan Mayor, Have Been Raided by the Fbi   Mayor could be facing corruption charges.    
 		Sessions is a "closet" Democrat. 
 		Right on the nose, brother! You said it!  
 		Right on the nose, brother! You said it!  
 You, with all due respect, are a rebel without a cause.  This is a fight that is not yours and we are all here due to twitter being nigger nazis.  We have far more freedom here than anywhere else.  Enjoy the ride. 
 Wow  
 	Yeah, nobody cares. Grow up. 
 		Say"S A Mixed Multitude  Num 11:1-4 kjv  And when the people complained, it displeased the Lord: and the Lord heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the Lord burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.   2 And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the Lord, the fire was quenched.   3 And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the Lord burnt among them.   4 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat? 
 			Bob Marley - Selassie is the Chapel    
 				He is a jew  
 					both  
 						lol their the true Israelites. A debate between Identity Christians and Rastafarians might be in order.   
 							modern jews have a some real jew still in them  
 								and what ever European paganism that is still in Catholicism ,it is fucking tainted with nigger jew shit  
 Yet, were you to shit in front of me, I would beat the ever-loving shit out of you. How's that for shit? 
 		I challenge you to do exactly the same thing. Watch what happens. 
 		I challenge you to do exactly the same thing. Watch what happens. 
  
 	Fuck you nigger 
 Exactly. What I've been telling that twat for weeks. Many people never left their village in the Middle Ages. Transportation for the masses only came in with commercial ariflight. Why race mixing wasn't so prominent in the past but is become so more now. + 
 	In My opinion what Britain and Europe are experiencing now is Forced Migration, 
 		It is. Total bollocks. 
 	All the more reason we need to work extra hard to preserve unique tribes around the globe like the San, Andaman Islanders, Aborigines, Innuits, Tibetans and even whites like Laplanders and Siberians.  Each have unique Dna we cannot afford to deplete through Sub-Species mixing.    It is Not "racist" to want to preserve human diversity.     
 	Didn't I read once not long ago  a high percentage of Americans didn't own a passport . I may be mistaken.  
 		I think that's true you know. Same with Australians. Massive lands so can holiday in completely different areas so no need to go abroad. 
 		I think that's true you know. Same with Australians. Massive lands so can holiday in completely different areas so no need to go abroad. 
 Thousands Of Swedes Are Inserting Microchips Under Their Skin     
 	"it's designed to make everything easier" If you're too much of a retard to memorize passwords or use cards, I don't want you in my society anyway, why would this ever be a good thing lmao 
 Two very different versions of the English language. 
 	I'm having trouble logging in. It acts like it's logging in then it kicks me out. I've tried several android browsers. 
 		gab.ai is redirecting you to gab.com.  its retarded but you have to log in to use the .com site separately from the .ai site (which keeps kicking me over to .com) 
   When you get Site Not Found remember me. 
 	What the Fuck is Wrong with You!   You need to bully a young kid to up your traffic & push your  dystopian bullshit?   Seriously, you can’t handle being knocked around by a kid without getting so mad, you want him banned off this site?  You think he should be doxxed too? Over the ?    !    cc:           
 		  says the same shit everyday. Gab is dying  He’s right in a way - His Gab is dying because basically everyone has muted his ass. He stirs shit up with y’all bc that’s the only action he gets. I suggest you mute his diapered ass too.  
 			Why is he so mad?  I just figure Dread is a twitter plant of sorts, here to spread anti-Gab propaganda for  Jews and Twitter. He's prolly a member of the Adl or Aclu too.   
 					I am the law man! 
 					I am the law man! 
 Rumor has it that Brett Kavanaugh was involved in the Patriot's deflated football scandal.   I, myself, don't watch the Nigger Football League, so don't really care. 
 good riddance. maybe they will stop murdering defenseless animals, because they are fucking pussies. go murder a nigger or a jew you bitch ass lames. 
 Journalists ask: is it okay to manipulate your husband into becoming infertile before you leave him so that he can’t have kids with anyone else?   And they wonder why we hate them. 
 		They should continue to have kids. Aryan master race babies 
 		Yeah, I guess I can’t argue with you there. 
 		Yeah, I guess I can’t argue with you there. 
  
 		In islam we wouldn't know what color her hair was. She'd be wearing this. 
 		Oh and she wouldn't be out in public carrying that sign without her hubby's permission either. 
 		Oh and she wouldn't be out in public carrying that sign without her hubby's permission either. 
 Did this cunt really say this? Fuck you liarwatha, how about you spread your legs for an entire gang of rapists to prove Your commitment to diversity. Wtf is wrong with these people? They are giving Savages the right to rape. 
 What Is Gab? Social Media Platform Used by Robert Bowers Part of Growing 'Alt-Tech' Movement    >> Here it is; the first hit piece from the leftist media over Bowers' account on Gab. There will be more, no doubt.   @a @e    
 	Truth causes panic attacks for Tards best they stay on Fakeb and Twat this platform could cause them to lose it.   
 Vote Republican: It Does A Body Good. 
 	Femists are just female incels  
 		Milo is a Jewish faggot but I agree feminism hates women and is cancer. 
         MustSEE  A good new world! Yes.   [phpGAB]   
 	She's an Aipac puppet so of course she would act in a manner that produces the worst possible results for Trump and our side. That said, I'm happy the cunt is leaving.  
 These fuckers are retarded lul. They'll pull anything out of the air to try n trigger lul. Next Hitler will b rastafarian lul 
 Where are the white egg donors please? And why do the models look relatively white? Could that be some sort of an ideal?   And btw jewish is considered an ethnicity by jewish parents.  
 		The whole industry is completely corrupt and unregulated. I’m a donor baby and got sooooo lucky considering what I’ve learned since finding out.  
 		The whole industry is completely corrupt and unregulated. I’m a donor baby and got sooooo lucky considering what I’ve learned since finding out.  
 Just wondering about something.  Are Democrats happier then Republicans overall?  Please feel free to comment.  ;) 
 	Such things as 'happiness' are transient. I have a cognitive issue . Happiness is a vile joke. Power is all that matters. Pure. Plain. Power.  
 		Humans are Not Equal . Breeding has NotHING to do with it. Moron Nigger Lover.  
 Today the Fbi announced that they are no longer enforcing laws against Leftists. Congrats, America. 
 		Fuck you. We see how things went down the drain with two-terms of the nigger in the Wh, e.g., legalization of fag marriage, two Jews placed on the S.C. and the promotion and elevation of these sick transsexuals If that wasn't cause for White America to rise up and revolt Nothing Ever Will. 
 If they are a religion, and not a semitic race, as many uninformed people claim, then, it is impossible for anyone who criticizes Israel and jews to be anti-semitic. ;)   If they are a religion, and not a race? I am merely exercising my right to free speech - and, freedom of religion - by declaring my opposition to their religion. 
 		The Npc!  When you cannot intellectually debate, character assassinate!  Thanks for telling me who you are again! 
 			You've just described your own responses, in a nutshell.   Are you jewish? 
 					You accuse others of the behavior you express towards others.   You also accuse others of ignorance, while you choose to remain ignorant.   Your brain is not functioning, at all, my friend. 
 						You just stated who you are perfectly!  I couldn't say it better.  I get that all the time!  See item #7 in the Matrix The Matrix encompasses these factors: 1.       Shallow thinking  No detail is small enough 2.       Bigotry  Refusal to engage 3.       Ignorance of Facts 4.       Confident Opinions  When someone is unable to question things their mind has a hard driven answer that will easily be regurgitated. No filter means no real thought. 5.       Personal attacks  related to the Bigotry, but no real debate just attacks either verbal or physical 6.  Deflection  No topic will stay on course 7. They will accuse you what they are guilty of! 8. Instead of thinking for themselves, will state authority figures as proof they are right  
 							Go for a walk and relax. ;)   I never engage with emotionally unstable people at their level. ;)   If you only knew it, and were capable of relaxing and calming down a bit, we are allies, you and I. ;) 
 									Have a nice life, David.   I hope you find your 'center' - and emotional stability - at some point in the near future, before you harm yourself or a loved one. 
 										I hope you can find a functional brain because the Matrix has you by the balls! 
 										I hope you can find a functional brain because the Matrix has you by the balls! 
 I still need to finish the cape ( so I can tie it around my neck without getting choked out)  & add a couple more little odds & ends to it.  I might add some more fabrics to the skirt. it still seems kind of plain.    Anyways- I desperately need to start on the headdress (which I'm worried about doing tbh) but so far Halloween is coming along fairly well.  :P 
 	That is gorgeous !  
 		I'll take pics if my horns don't come out looking retarded lol 
 Hitler would have dabbed on all of these tatted up trashy "nazis"  Stalin would have dabbed on all of these literal faggot twitter "communists"    This whole thing is a big joke lol 
 Not suitable for public office  
 	Looks horsefaced enough to be John Kerry's long lost son. and just as retarded 
 Never a Muzzie in sight when you need one! I guess even they wouldn't rape this piece of white ape meat! 
 Alex Jones Caught with Tranny Porn on his Phone    
 	Who was that piece of shit Jew faggot that used to spam everyone with tranny porn. Guarantee that's what it was. 
 		Racism is strange to me, perhaps because though I live in a place that is predominantly racist in nature, there really are not very many races living here in great enough number to even notice. It's basically white. 
 				So move 
 						I am not considering myself concerned with race per se, I thoroughly enjoy living in the country, in the mountains preferably with all four seasons of the year fully alive. These places I find are mostly white, for whatever the reason other races just don't seem to live in the mountains, they live in the cities mostly I suppose. 
 								I don't pretend to know what it is like to live somewhere that the races are battling for real. I don't think I ever have. I did live in the city in Ct for a while a long time ago, but it was definitely not like you describe things today. Mostly Italians ran shit. Lol  
 											St Louis had mafia at one time.now we just have niggers 
  
 	nah you dumb cunt that's a train and you'd be dead Rip lol 
 	Now just imagine if a White European man writes about "this black women thing". Twitter - Google -Facebook and Apple would be censoring left and right, SJWs would be calling for deplatforming and cuckservatives would be asking for "Pardon for our Patriarchy and Racism". We are at (cultural) War! Midterms is the War Field! 
 	Now just imagine if a White European man writes about "this black women thing". Twitter - Google -Facebook and Apple would be censoring left and right, SJWs would be calling for deplatforming and cuckservatives would be asking for "Pardon for our Patriarchy and Racism". We are at (cultural) War! Midterms is the War Field! 
  
 	It should be re-branded as the  Considering the  have full control over the Eu its no longer the European Union its the Islamic Union Aka The Caliphate!  
 		Good fkn lord. Another Racist fuck on Gab! Hey retard the Only thing the Jews did to you were the things You were to stupid or Lazy to prevent! Cont. 
 	This has been the problem for so long.  The baby boomer generation has supported both these two war lusting parties for decades.   We have watched the boomers take this country from the greatest surplus to the greatest debt the world has ever seen.   
 		You are sooooooo fucked up pal. It is The Democrats of All generations who did this and want to continue it, Not The "Boomers". You are so shallow minded it's a wonder you can think past sustaining your breathing function.  
 			Baby Boomers are the democrats. 
 				Wow ! Doubling down on Stupid. You just cannot get any dumber !  
 					Angry Baby Boomer blaming all the failures of his generation on the kids.   This is why my generation does not care about your Social Security or your pensions. 
 						".failures of his generation of the kids". --What the hell does this mean? So triggered you cannot write correctly anymore?  We don't need you to care----we are collecting Our Earned and Paid For Ss, pensions and Medicare. And you shall keep paying into it too, Thanks !  
 							Angry baby boomer on pills. Pretends to be conservative.   But we see he is clearly a communists that is proudly living off the labor of others.  He enslaved his own children to pay for his doctor drugs. 
 								"But we see he is clearly a communists that is proudly. "-- Still having difficulty focusing on posting proper English? Put down that doobee nitwit and try to focus on the task at hand. Scatter brained fool! A clear Product of modern day public education I see. No match for any boomer. Paid into my retirement stuff for 52 years you dimwit. Get a grip sonny! 
 										I retired when I was 57 so  boom that you millennial faggot  
 Share if you think Feminism is a mental illness. 
 	2nd time seeing this, still confused about what it is or was.  Maybe it’s mother is proud not sure of what but parents love their demonic retarded offspring.  What does it do for a living bat mitvahs?  Scare your daughter with this as an example? 
 	look up dispensationalism and cyrus schofield. you will see what the jews have done to modern american christianity.  
 			Who named you the definer of what is Christian and what is not? 
 					huh? you're confusing me with someone else. I'm not Jewish (not that there's anything wrong with being one). 
 						Thanks for showing your true colors . real white israelite 
 							Beep.Beep.jew! 
 								Now go read the talmud, real white israelite . 
 What's your problem - which words offend you ? 
 	I used to work on building sites where at tea break it was mandatory to ask for the sugar like this; "Oi cunt face, pass the fucking sugar for me fucking tea and don't forget the fucking spoon". One soon got into the habit but it could be embarrasing when the bishop came round our house on a Sunday. 
 	Thora, if you have questions you should ask your husband at home. 
 	Coward deleted his posts. 
 	Coward deleted his posts. 
 Saga - 8 year-old Swedish-American  -    Pulls 1500 year-old  fm lake in  -                    
 	Look for Saga in the future. Very Arthurian! 
 		Her fam moved back to Sweden - she'll probably end up married to some moslem raper nigger 
 shoot the sand nigger in the face 
 1915  pre    of 1.5 Million  by    look on google to see human heads proudly displayed    please share the .  has akways hated us just as ypur smart fine   rightly said on . 
 	"Turkish Nazi Muslims" huh  retard  Hey, try forming real sentences instead of half of your worlds being fucking hashtags, fuckwit. 
 	Dear God the plot holes in this story are next to amazing.  First, clearly he thought everyone was going to let him get off because of handicap and minority status.   Second, if you guys are planning to murder people, make multiple complaints first. Call the police, complain to neighbors and building managers, make an active attempt to squash or escalate things. Make a paper trail. Don't be Christine Ford. You are totally unbelievable when you say it's been going on for years but no one ever heard a peep before your grand entrance.  Third, what the hell is wrong with this family. A paraplegic -- provided for the family? He was the "big brother," when he was Fourth of six? Sounds closer to little disabled brother. I can see why he was pissed and wanted to kill people.   Finally, you have to love it when everyone tries to paint out these football players as big teddy bears. Yeah, maybe to his little sister.   I'll tell you what, I was a football player in high school and college myself. There isn't a single person that plays football that isn't suffering from some kind of anger or aggression issues. Thus, the joining of the modern American gladiatorial arena. The smell of the Earth, the roar of the crowd, the ways you can legally tear another guy's head off his shoulders without consequence (maybe 15 yards at worst), rended flesh, broken bones, and the never ending taste of blood in your mouth. Sure, my female friends and family would say I was a teddy bear, but to any of them that was ever touched wrongly by a man in my presence, they'll also tell you that I was psychopath as well. I also more-or-less avoided the roids, although my sophomore college years I took andriosterone for a few months in off season for training -- coach was giving it out to all the guys. It was a brown fluid that tasted like dirt in a blue bottle with a Swedish label on it, gross stuff but huge energy boosts. Most do not, and steroids give you spontaneous energy enhancing most any extreme emotion you feel. Like one would get if you are some Adonis and some cripple in a wheelchair starts talking smack out of the side of his face at you in an elevator or something.   My point is that there is no such thing as non-violent football players. Football players all have some kind of anger or violence issue or another and this is how they cope. They want to manhandle others for a reason -- and usually, the kindest, most gentle folks, are the most violent. The quiet humble family man next door will shoot the bejeezus out of you if you threaten his home, and he will dance on your grave, because his anger and aggression is always repressed.   He probably did scare or threaten the cripple guy. He may have been a dick that deserved to be shot. The cripple guy murdered someone and deserves to go to jail for returning to a conflict he had already walked away from (no pun intended).   Nothingburger article from a Fake News Network.  
 	Dear God the plot holes in this story are next to amazing.  First, clearly he thought everyone was going to let him get off because of handicap and minority status.   Second, if you guys are planning to murder people, make multiple complaints first. Call the police, complain to neighbors and building managers, make an active attempt to squash or escalate things. Make a paper trail. Don't be Christine Ford. You are totally unbelievable when you say it's been going on for years but no one ever heard a peep before your grand entrance.  Third, what the hell is wrong with this family. A paraplegic -- provided for the family? He was the "big brother," when he was Fourth of six? Sounds closer to little disabled brother. I can see why he was pissed and wanted to kill people.   Finally, you have to love it when everyone tries to paint out these football players as big teddy bears. Yeah, maybe to his little sister.   I'll tell you what, I was a football player in high school and college myself. There isn't a single person that plays football that isn't suffering from some kind of anger or aggression issues. Thus, the joining of the modern American gladiatorial arena. The smell of the Earth, the roar of the crowd, the ways you can legally tear another guy's head off his shoulders without consequence (maybe 15 yards at worst), rended flesh, broken bones, and the never ending taste of blood in your mouth. Sure, my female friends and family would say I was a teddy bear, but to any of them that was ever touched wrongly by a man in my presence, they'll also tell you that I was psychopath as well. I also more-or-less avoided the roids, although my sophomore college years I took andriosterone for a few months in off season for training -- coach was giving it out to all the guys. It was a brown fluid that tasted like dirt in a blue bottle with a Swedish label on it, gross stuff but huge energy boosts. Most do not, and steroids give you spontaneous energy enhancing most any extreme emotion you feel. Like one would get if you are some Adonis and some cripple in a wheelchair starts talking smack out of the side of his face at you in an elevator or something.   My point is that there is no such thing as non-violent football players. Football players all have some kind of anger or violence issue or another and this is how they cope. They want to manhandle others for a reason -- and usually, the kindest, most gentle folks, are the most violent. The quiet humble family man next door will shoot the bejeezus out of you if you threaten his home, and he will dance on your grave, because his anger and aggression is always repressed.   He probably did scare or threaten the cripple guy. He may have been a dick that deserved to be shot. The cripple guy murdered someone and deserves to go to jail for returning to a conflict he had already walked away from (no pun intended).   Nothingburger article from a Fake News Network.  
  - Can the Globies prove Earth’s shape to the average person with simple observation, proven experiments and facts?   Without info from Nasa or astronomers -- and no manipulated pictures taken from no higher than a passenger plane.   Facts only.   Prove your belief of a Globe Earth is not dependent on Nasa and or astronomers.   Prove to the readers the Earth is a Ball with simple observation and facts. 
 	Not only can we   We Already have.Repeatedly   You simply dismiss everything that disproves your childish flat earth conspiracy theory or you reply with cartoon memes or some retard playing the fiddle in a crackpot youtube video. utterly lacking  in any real science whatsoever 
     She says we must paint over all these white men going to war. I say we must put a bullet in the head of this middle class, snobby slag. 
 	asshole desecrating virtue signalling precious little bint needs a firm kick up the backside . 
 		I'd like to see her go and try it in a working class area on Remembrance Sunday. She'd learn the hard way that the vast majority of people in this land don't live in her Pc, brainwashed, lovey dovey little bubble.  
 		People like her are deeply evil. And they need more than a kick up the arse. They are our future leaders and will make life intolerable for millions if they are not stopped.  
 		What pisses me off is that her predecessors were killed like flies in that war and that Remembrance is about those people -not governments and not her politically correct little bubble .   
 		This is the thin end of the wedge. Next it will be the removal of all war memorials in public parks. The removal of any art they disapprove of. These people are dangerous. They must be stopped. 
 		That's the end game isn't it. We can see it happening across the pond with the removal of Confederate monuments and the desecration of the cemeteries. It's an absolute disgrace how the ancestors of the people of the South are being treated over there. A people disconnected from their past have no future.  
 		That's the end game isn't it. We can see it happening across the pond with the removal of Confederate monuments and the desecration of the cemeteries. It's an absolute disgrace how the ancestors of the people of the South are being treated over there. A people disconnected from their past have no future.  
 Vote for Beto! 
 	Fucking mouth breathers! If that doesn't give you all you need to make an evaluation of this fucking retard then I don't know what will. 
 Hero Cop Who Killed Disreputable Nigger Convicted    Support:   Register:   *Anonymously report aliens: (866) 347-2423 
 You won't believe this woman!  You have to Read it to BELIeVE it!    
 	another well paid cunt 
 My last job: I replaced an x-acto blade with a razor shaped piece of mylar I painted silver. A crazy redneck coworker from Missouri took it and shook it in a jew's face.Kike went all "Hey hey!" She "stabbed" him in the neck with it. The jew went ghost white thinking he was gonna die. This needs to happen to Acosta. 
 After this  Synagogue shooting if I see any antisemite attacks on gab I will report you to the Fbi. This is not a drill. 
 			they have to wake up to their inherent evil.  Jews bought out the Vatican in the late 1700's, the Pope is a Jew.they run Hollywood, porn, media, education, push homosexuality, pedo shit.  and if whites reject it, we are attacked 
 	Then You found real Politics that had meaning and won.  Find real world things that Motivate actual people.   The garbage above is not worth defending. Simple as that. Fuck Daily Stormer.  
 			So basically, us Homo Sapiens are getting a rare chance to watch a real-life Australopithecus. 
 				Lol basically. I mean I really hope this guy hasn’t been stuck on this Look At All My Epic Redpills The World Must Know! phase for too long. That’d be embarrassing. 
 			You only wish. 
 			You only wish. 
 i think the best thing i can say is: the lack of retarded and dank memes here is disturbing  i think im going to create a page myself. 
 I bet y'all already heard about this one. No?  I wonder why that could be    His Name is Connally Klein: 52-year-old White Male Pushed into Traffic and Murdered by Black Woman in Dallas.    
 		Another favourite target is anyone who uses a mobility aid. When I started using a walker I noticed a definite increase in nigger violence and threats towards me. Niggers are cowards and bullies who always go for the weak members of the herd. That's why they gravitate to jobs involving caring for children, the sick and the elderly. I'm not a senior yet so I can set the brakes on my walker and still kick ass if I have to.  I live in Canada so very few weapons are legal to carry. We have to be creative. Pepper spray is banned. However, my cane (which I keep strapped to the side of my walker) is actually a war club I ordered from Knife Zone, and I also carry a concealed stun gun and have kubotans strapped to my shoe laces. I've learned about personal security from living in a niggerhood for 11 years. Being threatened and bullied is a regular occurrence, as is encountering them loitering around my building trying to intimidate people into letting them in. I wish I could afford to move! 
 I saw a loose Nigger in Kroger and I'm disappointed that animal control didn't come and dispatch it. 
 This is what real hate looks like. I mean true hatred of the heart. It's so sad. My heart breaks for him. Please pray that this man here gets right with the Lord Jesus Christ. The Lord can save him and make him a new creation in Christ. 
 	it is good healthy hate 
 		the niggers kill and rape far, far more whites than vice versa. you wimp ass nigger lover. drop dead rat. 
  
 	blame white people 
 		Hewitt Moore is going to be slaughtered. Stupid retard .  
 Spartacus!    
 	Ummm Cory Booker doing some unauthorized touching in the men’s room     
 		Cory Booker is a dumb nigger faggot.  Him and don’s lemon would hit it off perfectly.  Imagine that Retardakus is a dick eater.   
 Norwegian Forest Cat chases down a fox nearly his size in this picture. The fox actually looks worried that he's the prey.    
 	That is a domestic cat. 'Norwegian Forest Cats' are nothing more than feral creatures. (And they're a plague on the natural habitat. Strap a collar with a bell on it around their necks.) 
 		I think some bull dyke should use a strap-on on You! Hilarity Would Ensue! There's some hurtful "truth" for ya! 
 Judge Retard has made yet another troll account Lol   Does that douche have a life?    
 Coverage on One Angry Gamer.  They get it. Bad press for Torba at a venue for his target audience.      
 	anime right didn't cover it. shocking. anime news network neither.   journalism is dead when game sites are reporting anime news about social media outlier sites. 
 		I'm probably opening the Pandora's box here, but what is the big deal about Torba's banning of lewd loli's? Like.he's right. Period. It's a legal grey area, and it shouldn't be on a site like Gab that is trying to compete on the level of Facebook or Twitter.  
 			Nope. Sc upholds it. As long as that exists, no, it's not fact. No matter how retarded you act. Second, he's wrong there too. It's own home country isn't the one wondering if children can consent. The right has it's own npc problem and its not just the gop. 
  
 		Correction. He is in lust for one. 
 			Agreed! 
 			Agreed! 
     Another 80's song from one of the iconic Australian groups.   Inxs - Never Tear us Apart     
 	faggot 
 Stray Cat Strut by The Stray Cats  -   
 	faggot 
 	"When Jesus heard this, he said to him, 'You still lack one thing. Sell everything you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.' "   "What blessings await you when people hate you and exclude you and mock you and curse you as evil because you follow the Son of Man."    
 			I don't adhere to any Semite religion, including Christianity, but thanks. 
 				You just promote it. 
 					i prefer to help those who believe their christ to be a god not to lose heart because purported "fellow christians" ["fellow white people"] hate them when they speak truth   my hope is that all men eventually free themselves from religious enslavement to [edit] semites, and the best way i can do that is by being firm and supportive of our united cause    
 						I think it's better to red pill people rather than humor their delusional beliefs, especially if their beliefs are a major part of the problem. 
 							but men must get there themselves - we can't make them throw off a lie by just telling them they're deluded - we have to show them the truth, little by little, piece by piece, until the enormity of it all hits them like a brick, usually in some personal event that clarifies reality as it is, not as they were taught, and not as they wish it to be 
 								Quoting scripture isn't showing them the truth "little by little", it's humouring them.   
 																You were quoting scripture in the affirmative.  
  
 	Why does an old nigger iron his hair; he should straighten himself out. 
 	  Becka  shame on you encouraging me    
 	  Becka  shame on you encouraging me    
 Fuck that nigger cunt, we should sandblast her black ass! 
 Hello, we are rich negroes, we don't need no nigger competition. so stay in your place on the plantation. 
 Why are you screwing with my "freedom of speech" @a, @e, ? I use the  tag and you hear a nazi faggot scream or even threaten someone and your answer is to shadow ban me. I hope the Fbi take you down. 
  
 		go get fucked you retarded whore 
 First Man movie deservedly does way worse at the box office than expected. They left out the flag planting on the moon. They even removed the flag emblem from the astronauts’ uniforms. We hate Pc      
 	let me guess they had a nigger jump out first on the moon and he was shaking his booty.doing the moon walk. 
 Rabid Leftist Kicks Peaceful Conservative Woman in Face for being Pro-Life.    
 	Fucking Faggot Kicks Women In The Face, Would Not Dare To Do That To A Real Man !   Soy Fuckhole ! 
 Npc Cuckboy. 
 	that open mouthed soy boy faggot picture.why do the nocs love that? 
 Don't hurt yourself pork chop. 
 	People with accounts need to send this and retard posts like it to  in Twitter 
 	People with accounts need to send this and retard posts like it to  in Twitter 
 Roswell Road   (Atlanta, Ga) 
 	Woman released them all from detention centers.  City is 60% nigger and runs off of tourism to places Whites built, and now asks for Jews to film their movies here.  I didn't know Ie had a presence in Atlanta, though! Love to meet you guys! 
 Jordan Jereb ejaculates rattlesnake venom. I got a whole belly of it. 
 		Mom needs you to clean your room, Jordan Jereb. Then we’ll have Spaghetti-O’s! 
 		Alright well whomever the fuck you are I am going to block you have a nice life.  
 		Alright well whomever the fuck you are I am going to block you have a nice life.  
 	What? You're not enjoying the 6 gorillion minute speech? lol  
 		Doesn't matter now. She defied my expectations and indicated her intention to vote for Kavanaugh's confirmation.   There's no way she's going to get primaried out now, even though I would love for her to be replaced with Paul LePage. 
 				Fair enough 
 				Fair enough 
 Ut ohhhhh . Spartacus .   Breaking:   Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker A gay man has come forward with accusations that Cory Booker sexually assaulted him.    With Lawyer Response to Gateway Pundit   .I believe the victim!     Lmao.                              #1A #2A        #Qanon8Chan     #PatriotsFight   #Q  #TrumpTrain  #WeThePeopleHaveHadEnough  #TheFallOfTheCabal       #NoSanctuaryFunding  #NoVisaLottery   #NoOpenBorders    
 	Spartacus the faggot 
 	"For forty days the flood kept coming on the earth, and the waters rose and lifted the ark high above the earth."   Better build an ark, homos. Brendon has the chops And the Mtn. Dew. 
 		He's a spammer and of course it is tolerated because he's a Gab sycophant.   Besides, it raises the pitiful post count which needs all the help it can get. 
 			Being an insufferable faggot is okay with @a as long as you dick ride him and gibs shekels like a good little paypiggy. 
 Goddamnit Nigger Open Ur Door, Im At Ur House! I Brought My PS4! Quit  Being A Faggot & Make Some Friggin Nachos U 3RD RAtE Mexican, Fug! 
 Yeah.not going back on a site that's actively working to reduce White men like me to Nigger status and helping rig elections. 
 Racists.       "I have a son, he's a beautiful boy," Drake told Lebron James before getting up to show him a photo of Adonis on his phone. "Crazy Blue Eyes, Bro," James responded. "Crazy Blue Eyes, Baby Blue Eyes," Drake agreed." 
 	If you would note Drake named his son 'Adonis'. Nice Nigger name, yes? Wait, no, it is not. It is a Greek name. Greeks are White. Cultural-appropriation, anyone? The fawning over the blue eyes, the Greek name, proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that both Niggers absolutely despise their own races. This is extreme racism of the highest order. 
 Donald J. Trump  Verified account   Can you believe this (video), and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country?   
 	DemocRATS?  Pfffft!  What have We done to stop it?  Stop blaming.  Trump hasn't exactly acted yet either.   
 		You are a dumb cunt if you think all that shit matters.  No one is in jail and we are still being invaded.  As soon as the left takes over with all those illegal votes you will see what was important.  Close your legs and engage your brain.  They will undo everything and you will pay.   
 Meet Caitie McCaffrey, a Microsoft lead employee and a Services Architect for Azure - the cloud hosting service that threatened to kick off Gab not too long ago.   Is it becoming more clear why Big Tech has been trying to silence us? Their ranks are filled with hysterical and unstable Leftists who live in an alternate reality. 
 	Proving beyond any doubt that she is a feckless cunt 
 you just love sand nigger cock own it cocksucker 
 dude guns don't make me uncomfortable.  i was taught weapons retention with a .223 and a .45 when I was 8 years old and was hitting marks at 11. What Scares Me Is The OTheR People, Not The Gun. People on the average are so fucking retarded you can't trust them with safety. 
 you're a rapist and the devil. anything else . apart from faggot . 
  
 		Yeah i never saw the attraction, even in her youth, before countless surgeries, she looked kid of retarded to me. Still this get her some publicity & thats all she's bothered about  
 I am interested in seeing which big accounts that have been banned from Twitter are now here on  , I would like to know how large their followings on Twitter had been at their largest before they wound up on Gab.   Please respond with such information, and tag that Gab username of the account being referenced. 
 	I have been trying to get banned but they will not banned me   
 		Use the words feral dirty Muslim retarded scum works well. 
 Nirvana Reunion - Cal Jam 2018 | Full Show  
 		da phuk 
 		no Im Ioweejin.  
 		no Im Ioweejin.  
 Spic bastard steals hatchet, gets shot twice and croaks.   Locals 2nd guess commissioner.  Criticism politically motivated?   Florida city commissioner shoots, kills alleged shoplifter, surveillance video shows        
 	I foresee Courtneys restaurant getting much more business in the near future. You see a trend with these leftist hate mobs, when they gang up on a business, people flock to support it. It's kinda the reverse of "Get Woke, Go Broke" 
 		Sounds like a fine establishment lol 
 		Gave you a follow man I like your style lol  
 		Right back at ya 
 		I am on minds also =) And thank you patriot. 
 		I am on minds also =) And thank you patriot. 
 I feel dirty just reading this, what is wrong with you nigger faggots? 
 The choice is clear,     The future of America depends on it!    
 		That's funny!   
 		That's funny!   
 	? I had a cousin like that, went to Tn, I miss him, I should of answered his last phone call. He couldn't get a license here because of past probation fines. I don't get how you're supposed to pay them when you can't even drive a car (dui's are another matter).  . 
 		why did i ever ask the president to stop north korea from nuking america just to be opressed by this nigger infested abomination called america like this. 
 Is this the patsy the dems set up? It was 2 days ago when they were claiming they'd have their "suspect" within 48 hours. does this smell to anyone else?    
 	They are calling him a "Native American" on Fox News. Douchebag faggot Shitbreath Smith was basically placing the blame right on .  
 Don't forget that Cnn's fave maggot faggot Anderson Cooper is also on Cbs's 60 Minutes team. 
 The British war zone,, the Zionists agenda continues. U.K. Zionists politicians hiding under beds 
 		The cunt needs two in the head. 
 Shock Video: Elderly Jewish Man Beaten In Apparent Hate Crime Attack In Brooklyn; Call Nypd If You Can Id Suspect     
 	Jew York full of mouthy jews.some nigger decided to shut one up 
  
 	Guarantee it’ll be nothing like how he’s just explained it, like the numerous times this retard has been wrong 
 There is no such thing as "Europeans of color."  Taste my boot. 
 	well, Italians if we are being honest.  but we give them a pass because they hate niggers more than the rest of europe combined.  really talented nigger haters actually. 
 	well that convo was good for about 200 downvotes  
 		The gab nazis take their gabbing veeerrryyy seriously.   If they can't "debate" you with their bullshit troll tactics and even more retarded revisionist history, then they'll troll you with downvote spam.  The more seriously they take this shit, the more fun it is to trigger them about it. 
 		The gab nazis take their gabbing veeerrryyy seriously.   If they can't "debate" you with their bullshit troll tactics and even more retarded revisionist history, then they'll troll you with downvote spam.  The more seriously they take this shit, the more fun it is to trigger them about it. 
  - Gatun Lake  Surface elevation 85' 4"    Why is there no curve? 
 	Uh, that's a drawing. But I'm willing to look at your actual photograph of the cross section. Signed, Breathlessly waiting  .  .  .  
 		Are you also willing to look at an actual photograph from Nasa and be breathlessly waiting . . . ? Hahahah --   Awesome Flat Earth Song - No Photographs of Earth! Must Watch song from flat earth man :)    
 			actually it's only "awesome" if you have the disposition of a retard 
 			We are going out in Burkahs to terrorise the locals & see if the Pussies from the Imams Yellow Army will risk arresting us! 
 The Post runs a few of these stories every week, there is clearly an organized effort to bully whites into silence and submission    
 	The same in video games! I start to speak or write in French, after 2 seconds, a retarded is telling me "Hey! English!" That woman is  not only Drunk and Alcoholic, she is moast of all a fat yankee pig unabble to speak any other language than hers, and very bad, Btw! 
 "it's okay, I'm Jewish" 
 		just jews 
 		just jews 
 Even when a member of the public solves a case & hands it to the Bill on a plate they won't act.    
 	If theft was nigger or pami she would get 20 years. Uk is a dumbfuckistan 
 Sickening spectacle of Scots ‘National Socialist’ Mp  lying about Tommy Robinson   for some Mps lying is like breathing             
 	McDonald wouldn't dare utter these words anywhere else just another lily livered lefty twat 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	haha the nigger being a nigger got niggered. 
 	All leftist cannot be reasoned with as they are just a programmed robot.  They are vile Racist Sexist Pigs yet their programming says they not.  Their programming says they are smart yet they actually have no intellect at all!  They are only swayed by emotion! Democrats are all Retarded.  This is a simple fact.  But how did they get this way? There are 2 types of Democrats; 1. Brainwashed Retard 2. Simple Retard The Simple Retard is easy, they are just low Iq Morons.  Not intelligent enough to actually think for themselves in the first place.  Most immigrants fall into this category.  The Brainwashed Retard is usually the High Iq type and thus are highly indoctrinated thru schooling.  They memorize so much garbage that they literally destroy their critical thinking skills and that is the goal to destroy their brains function.  Valedictorians are perfect examples because they are so structured to focus on a simple tree, they are no longer able to see the forest. Thus, your University Professors, Doctors and Lawyers are literally some of the most programmed retards you will ever meet.  They have been told they are smart thru their programming and are rewarded for helping the beast system along, but they actually are just a polluted thumb drive.   All Democrats are obviously Bigots as they will not debate, as their programming automatically makes them run away, or they will just be very crude and nasty in their attack on you. They are literally intellectually incapable of any discussion since they have no intelligence to have a discussion with. Debate on logic is impossible since they have none. They will never have any facts either since they cannot comprehend them anyway.  They will spout out with what they have been programmed. They will believe without question the Bs on the vile Racist Jewish Supremacist main stream media because they have no idea on how to distinguish fact from fiction.  Every conversation of Democrats takes place on Orwell’s Animal Farm. If you want to talk about quantum physics they will steer the conversation something extremely shallow such as the weather.  They will deflect when you ask for a fact every time and accuse you of deflecting. All Democrats are commies and are Monkey Brains!  
 Even KotakuInAction is not impressed with Sargon's plan:    
 	Lol so literally the only people still clinging onto it even think Sargon is fucking retarded wow. 
 	Well, diversity is their strength. Like what's in Brondo the thirst mutilator, it's got what plants crave. 
 	 
 	Democrats selling division as diversity.manipulation is evils best friend. 
 		Concur. 
 	When you ask a Liberal to prove that they understand the meaning of the word Diversity.  you get this. or they just respond with Rrrrrreeeeee!  
 	The only question I have is how does Lemon have any advertisers.  
 	Lemon sounds about right.  Lemon: an item bought with many problems which warrants a refund. 
 I should have said lonely pikey cunt who can't get a girlfriend 
  
 	Some Southerners had love affair with nigs. Concerned for nig welfare more than for Whites. Same in Rhodesia/South Africa. Southern elites wanted to spread niggers to the territories (west) & to other countries.  Having nigger slaves here was bad for most Whites then & the results (still having them here) r worse. South did that! No White side in that war. 
 Don Lemon says Kanye should stop acting like he needs white people around.   Meet Faggot Don Lemon's White husband. 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 lesbian tries douchebag tricks  
 	Note how they demonize masculinity & take a jab at Kavannaugh. If your kids are at Toronto University, watch out for this dyke, she'll be after them. She'll just make shit up, trust me. Shoot the cunt 
 Did Not See This Coming!  In Nyt Op-Ed, George Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages  Imagine My Shock!   
 	Faggot needs to look in  the mirror if he wants someone to blane 
 Pledge of Allegiance Dropped at San Francisco School Board Meeting. Here’s What They Replaced it With.  
 	fuck you nigger 
 Rt ali    Wow. Cbs didn't even bring up her quotes attacking the women or the war room that was used to tear these women apart. Our Media hates Real Women.       
 	Such an evil cunt 
 The army has confiscated the phones and is investigating these soldiers for having their photo taken with Tommy Robinson. Support them by signing the petition   www.standwithourlads.com 
 	One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post 
 I love when tryhard faggot liberals run to churches and religion three days out of the year, and then protest against Christmas and Easter displays every other day. 
 After witnessing the dangerous anti-Western antics of left wing liberal progressives over the last few years i now understand why Fredo had to die in the Godfather. 
 	Becoming the head faggot means you get extra jizz on your Debbie Cake. 
 This might be a little controversial for Gab, but I just want to say    It's Ok to be Jewish  *Update: I'm not Jewish 
 	Sure you are a fellow (((white))). 
 		Lmfao You found me out Jewton Devonair. I rather be a nigger any day of the week over being a subversive kike with no morals. Jesus called your kind children of satan for a reason.  
 Cory Booker: Ditch Kavanaugh, whether he’s ‘innocent or guilty’  
 		It's far better than having him rule in favor of communism, socialism, and free speech censorship. 
 		This dude is a liberal trying to create an online presence to criticize with his other accounts!   
 		This dude is a liberal trying to create an online presence to criticize with his other accounts!   
 Last Saturday afternoon in Washington, D.C. an aide to Nancy Pelosi visited the Bishop of the Catholic Cathedral in D.C He told the Cardinal that Nancy Pelosi would be attending the next day's Mass, and asked if the Cardinal would kindly point out Pelosi to the congregation and say a few words that would include calling Pelosi a saint.     The Cardinal replied, "No. I don't really like the woman, and there are issues of conflict with the Catholic Church over some of Pelosi's views." Pelosi's aide then said, "Look, I'll write a check here and now for a donation of $100,000 to you if you'll just tell the congregation you see Pelosi as a saint."     The Cardinal thought about it and said, "Well, the Church can use the money, so I'll work your request into tomorrow'ssermon." As Pelosi's aide promised, Nancy Pelosi appeared for the Sundayworship and seated herself prominently at the forward left side of the center aisle. As promised, at the start of his sermon, the Cardinal pointed out that Ms. Pelosi was present.     The Cardinal went on to explain to the congregation, "While Ms. Pelosi's presence is probably an honor to some, the woman is not numbered among my personal favorite personages. Some of her most egregious views are contrary to tenets of the Church, and she tends to flip-flop on many other issues. Nancy Pelosi is a petty, self-absorbed hypocrite, a thumb sucker, and a nit-wit. Nancy Pelosi is also a serial liar, a cheat, and a thief. I must say, Nancy Pelosi is the worst example of a Catholic I have ever personally witnessed. She married for money and is using her wealth to lie to the American people. She also has a reputation for shirking her Representative obligations both in Washington and in California . The woman is simply not to be trusted."     The Cardinal concluded. But, when compared with Hillary Clinton, Ms. Pelosi is a saint." 
 		Thanks for the repost, but the C Word is fingernails on a chalkboard 
 			The C word is Not gender specific.For example in Europe is is used for both male and female.Indeed it is found in Chaucer's Canterbury Tales. 
 				Guess it’s just me and my ears.  I’ve never heard it referred to when speaking of a man.  Are the other 40 genders ‘C Word’ eligible  
 		 
 		Maybe she will catch on fire and burn to ashes. 
 			She should clear the way by ascending into Heaven 
 			She should clear the way by ascending into Heaven 
 		i think "winding up" would be more appropriate.    I am seeing if i can literally get him to smash his computer in a monkey rage. 
 when i was in london in april, i saw an arab kicking a homeless nigger in the face. it was terribly diverse.   
 omgs I just heard 7 gunshots I was a reserve police officer for 2 & half years 30 yrs ago I know the difference I also have a neurological disability I am trembling so badly I can hardly type I am wait to hear the police sirens I told my mother not to open the door to anyone not even the cops Welcome To A Fucking Multiculti Cunt World to say I am upset is an understatement 
 omgs I just heard 7 gunshots I was a reserve police officer for 2 & half years 30 yrs ago I know the difference I also have a neurological disability I am trembling so badly I can hardly type I am wait to hear the police sirens I told my mother not to open the door to anyone not even the cops Welcome To A Fucking Multiculti Cunt World to say I am upset is an understatement 
 When will young women learn? 
 	Nigger + Mudshark = a Death toll to pay 
 This is absolutely explosive!     Monica McLean - one of Ford's "Beach Friends?" Or one of her her Fbi handlers?    The more I look into Ford, the worse I feel for her. Clearly just a pawn in all this.             
 	She may have been manipulated but her actions have nearly destroyed a man's life and career, not to mention the pain his family has felt.  She has been paid. Her degree in psychology means nothing if she didn't realize what was going on.  And imagine if she had succeeded. 
 		Unfortunately,  many complete nutters get degrees in "psychology"  She does Not have a doctorate,  only a master's. So Stop Calling The Ugly Bint "Doctor" 
 		Unfortunately,  many complete nutters get degrees in "psychology"  She does Not have a doctorate,  only a master's. So Stop Calling The Ugly Bint "Doctor" 
 You want a real laugh a woman is upset with the story Snow White because the prince kisses the girl to wake her up.Guess they need to discontinue Cpr on people. 
 		Didn't need fixing. I say what I mean and mean what I say 
 		No, it needed fixing. 
 		No, it needed fixing. 
 Are Nazis enemies of America? 
 		Compared to the Commies, the Nazis were our BFFs. 
 		Compared to the Commies, the Nazis were our BFFs. 
  
 	We can thank the Boomers and their retarded party politics circus for this one.   
 Found the nigger  
 Vader hats ugly fat bitter man-hating feminism and feminist cock terrorist supremacists almost as much as pedos.   I now and forever always open every car door or entrance door for any woman I am with (friends, clients, dates) and I will teach my future Sith son or sons to do the exact same and teach my daughter to expect the same from the boys and men in her life.    
 	I wish there was some kind of database for feminist women. then men could stop doing everything for them    Need electricity?  Sorry, bitch- that's made by the patriarchy.      Like to have food to eat?  Sucks that it's mainly produced & hauled by the patriarchy. be a strong woman & hunt & grow your own.    Clean water?  Oh man. looks like the patriarchy has a big hand in that too.  There's always rain water collection.  Empowered! 
 			It was a trick question but the answer is, you wait for the muzzie to kill the Feminazi, then kill the muzzie. Two enemy taken off the battlefield and you look like a hero.  
 Just got my masters degree in nigger hating y’all! 
 	This is an Opportunity. It is an opportunity to cut the goddamed Saudis loose to fend for themselves.  It is opportunity to quit holding their hand and supporting them when They Alone are the primary source of All jihadist terrorists in the world.  
 		Unfortunately it’s an opportunity that will be missed. Nothing will be done, save for some stern warning, and they’ll continue funding the vast majority of sand nigger antics around the world. 
 She's just an Irish nigger 
 nigger dumb enough to get scammed by a child  Q 
 Feels Bad Man because from my tests of following randoms, I estimate that around 5% of all people on gab have banned me from following them. I get "forbidden" about 1 in 20 times when trying to follow someone. If I can't have anyone to interact with here then I might as well go back to Twitter or Facebook. Feeling very unwelcome on gab. Not a good first impression. 
 	Yeah it looks like everyone hates your guts. Nigger lovers don’t make it very far around these parts.  
 No Wonder They Are All So Retarded 
  
 	Anders Breivik -- shoots anti Zionist white kids --then shows up in court and doesn't name the Jew, names characters on "Sex in the City."   His manifesto was so benign and Jew friendly it can't even be considered a polemic.    Breivik has never been around a Jew he didn't want in his mouth. 
 		Im pretty sure weve gone over this and youre ignoring reality because you dont like it. First, he psyopped the kikes and thats documented on Gates of Vienna, the community he was from. Second, a communist open borders anti-racist party that opposes Israel because its a Jewish ethnostate alone while embracing Jews is not our ally. Youd have to be retarded 
  
 	how did this Idiot get elected in the 1st place? 
 		I do believe that boomers voted him in.  They will vote him in again.  Once the boomers vote someone in, they will vote for that person, no matter how much they fail, forever.    
 			hey man, lay off us boomers,,, it's not like you never made a mistake, ever!,,,  no one is perfect and we all should just try to do our best, Including You 
 				He has got me there.   I have made lots of mistakes.    But.  I never voted for a devil worshiper.   I never voted for a never ending war monger.    I never fell for the Hollywood psychological warfare mind control nonsense.   Watching a powerful nation go completely belly up and bankrupt within a single generation is not the kind of mistake I will ever make. 
 					this didn't "just happen", the liberal crap in our schools started back when I was just a boy,, and got continually worse since then, I didn't start it, I'm just as much a victim as you today. a But I'M Fighting Back, Doing All I Can To Fix It,  What are you doing? besides bitching! 
 						No, guys like me are getting Abuse for the weakness and complacency of others. I'm that tinfoil hat, gun nut, down the block that people have fucked with for years, that has finally been proven right, only to have Chumps like you fuck with me even more! 
 							Hay, if you told these idiots not to vote in the super pedo devil mafia no term limits politicians too, I don't see why we can't agree on this boomer are retarded thing. 
 What really gets me is how Gab is labeled as a "white-supremacist" social media outlet. If I said something negative about a globalist conservative president like George Bush or if I criticized Ronald Reagan for granting amnesty to illegal aliens, I would have multiple 65 year old men in my notifications calling me a "fucking retarded nazi". 
 Nancy Pelosi With Alexander Soros, George Soros’s Son   Last Month Wearing A ‘Daca Dreamers’ Hat                    
 		I have followed Alexander as he grew up. He is sneaky, worse than George Soros and has youth and $billions on his side. 
 		Soro son got no god and is billion is not my god  I don't care what he got he got no love to humans lot him self  it a no one money is not my god it a thing  
 		Soro son got no god and is billion is not my god  I don't care what he got he got no love to humans lot him self  it a no one money is not my god it a thing  
 		Little monkeys fling poo. It's what they do. 
  
 	This meme should be removed immediately. This is not funny. You are doing more damage to Trump than Feinstein and Murkowski. Then again maybe that is your intent. Some people have a really sick mind. 
 		Yep, she says you're a terrible Pearl-clutching thin-skinned busy-body faggot telling me how to post. She's a wise lady 
  Allowed on Twitter. 
 		Those retarded tweets are coming out of her Leftwing ass. 
 not only would we lynch a raping nigger of a mob of 5000 we would post it on the front page of the paper. that is also how those nigger rights groups found out about us and sent that cunt who fucked it all up idk y she did not get a lynching herself   
 This is fake news.Just like Dick van Dyke did not die.Democrat from north east culprit  
 This is fake news.Just like Dick van Dyke did not die.Democrat from north east culprit  
 	& most of them are a brain dead lost cause anyway 
 	& most of them are a brain dead lost cause anyway 
 exactly how close are you to putting your nigger first through your Pc right now?  1 - 10 
 (D) voter out and about. 
 	Bring back stoning. 
 		fuckin faggot 
 What's wrong with "racism"? Why shouldn't White people be as "racist" as the Japanese or the Israelis? 
 		What the hell are you babbling about? This is straight up Boomer-Tier cringe. 
 			Who's the cringe make, The person who thinks something as superficial as skin color somehow makes them a superior person or the person who thinks a individual is as superior as they Prove themselves to be? 
 				Ah. here's the right maps. :)    
 					Prove yourself superior, not white people not any people, you prove how you are superior to any person of a different race!   Are you a better brain surgeon then Dr Ben Carson?   Are you a better economists than Dr Tomas Stowel?   Are you a better basketball player than Michael Jordan?   What are you superior at than anyone from any other race? 
 							And who invented basketball? 
 							And who invented basketball? 
 "Gab bans Lolicon, not ordinary Hentai"   This barely clarifies anything, lol. Since Gab is being retarded and acting like drawings are real, does that mean that Hentai of the 14 year olds Asuka and Rei is now banned? What about the girls from Darling in the Franxx? Are Naruto girls like Sakura & Hinata banned, and does them being pre- or post-timeskip factor in? 
 	The autism required to enforce this Ban is insane, and ridiculous hypocrisy is inevitable:   Are all flat, petite anime girls banned, regardless of age? You're basically implementing Australia's retarded small boobs porn ban, and applying it to hentai.   Does it depend on canonical age? You're now applying age of consent laws to Fictional characters. 
 		Also, if we're applying Age of Consent laws to drawings, will 18 be the cut-off age? In lots of European countries the AoC is 14-16 years though. In Japan it's 13.   Of course, you might want to apply a blanket 18 year old cut-off, because that's what applies to porn.which would mean you're pretending the characters in a drawing are the same as porn actresses. 
 			If this seems like a retarded discussion, that's because it is - this is what happens when you can't tell apart reality and fiction, and act like what happens in a drawing should be treated as if the act is taking place in real life.   Almost all core gamers have killed countless monsters, animals and even humans, yet somehow we're not on the Fbi Most Wanted list. 
 			If this seems like a retarded discussion, that's because it is - this is what happens when you can't tell apart reality and fiction, and act like what happens in a drawing should be treated as if the act is taking place in real life.   Almost all core gamers have killed countless monsters, animals and even humans, yet somehow we're not on the Fbi Most Wanted list. 
                                                                                                  @studentoflife              
 	Nope, 2 different incidents. He mocked her about weight(probably because she dug into him first) and autistic reporter was thin. 
 		I wasn't comparing the two incidents, because Trump never made fun of that reporter's "disability". That was an Msm lie. The truth in the meme is that Rosie Is the fat, retarded child that Trump made fun of ( a long time ago), and the Left doesn't even realize it. 
 		Eat My Shit Islam Loving Faggot  
 	I don't usually downvote things but you're a special kind of stupid so you get a special reward. 
 		Zhir's acting like a faggot again.  But crying oceans of liberal tears. 
  
 		Tar Baby from "Song of the South" 
 		You win a thousand internets good sir, great answer. 
 		You win a thousand internets good sir, great answer. 
 I agree, if you stand for free speech you stand for the speech you don't like not just the speech you do like. I find the Nazi stuff retarded and abhorrent, but I don't push for it to be banned I just ignore it. If you don't like it, don't look. Simples.  
 I agree, if you stand for free speech you stand for the speech you don't like not just the speech you do like. I find the Nazi stuff retarded and abhorrent, but I don't push for it to be banned I just ignore it. If you don't like it, don't look. Simples.  
 Nick Greiner talks about male breast cancer.              
 		and You:a wigger with an uneducated, nigger-loving, butt-fucking opinion? Whooda guessed it? Shut your cockholster you fucking stupid bag of cocks 
 These ignoramuses are products of a progressive education, so they have no idea where their freedom comes from.    
 	As soon as I see "university student" I visualize,, blue haired trans blahhhh dummy spitting  tantrum throwing snowflake melting retarded thinking spoiled brats in desperate need of a royal kick in the ass into reality. Is it just me?  
 Dude's a dinkum priest? Fmd. I always thought he was just some  twat in a cassock!    
 Stem teachers can take an anti-oppressive, anti-racist and critical race-based, decolonizing and de/colonizing [sic], queer, Indigenous, gender-equitable, post-colonial, community-based and participatory, critical place-based, [and] inter-species approach to teaching, they suggest.   
 	Anything that needs people to have their head shoved firmly up their own ass in order to have them think it makes sense is bound to be espoused by some retarded Canadian moron. 
 Just about the time I think that she can't get any dumber, she opens her mouth again and proves me wrong.   What this means is they want to do away with the electoral college and go to straight on mob rule by direct vote based on how the elite herd them. It would literally be one of the quickest ways to the end of the Usa, because it would thereby pay even more than it already does to invade the Usa with third world savages that then produce children at exponential levels and then have them vote for ever greater benefits and comforts in a direct or popular vote.   I would not underestimate their ability to whip up the ignorant masses that are herded by the elite to achieve just that, the ending of the indirect vote.   Just look at it now, the Census counts illegals, which we now know is at least 20 million, or the almost 30 million I have come up with, who thereby don’t just essentially get an electoral college vote for president, they also get representation in the house while American citizens and states are deprived of their votes and Representatives that would have gone to them. 
 	The real sad thing about this parasite is that some ppl will actually vote for this cunt cake! 
 Antifa dumbshit, you are no match for me, sir, you are a undereducated fuckin lyin, communist, lazy ass, nigger lovin, fuckin racist basterd, don't doubt me, fuzzy nuts 
 The end would be worth more than 1    
 		She is backed too strongly by the liberals, i.e. Green, Socialist, Leftist. And she managed over the years to turn her own party from conservative to extreme left. 
 		She is backed too strongly by the liberals, i.e. Green, Socialist, Leftist. And she managed over the years to turn her own party from conservative to extreme left. 
 yet another far right gammon who hits women  
 	You're struggling ain't ya over a billion white men and you struggle to find more than a couple of dozen. You're looking at the wrong demographic twat try looking closer to home like ya muzzy pals they love stoning women I hear. 
 Here's the Livestream of the Based Jeff Sessions Fbi railroading more  white men:                    
 	Que the purple pill  Faggot larping alt righters to be speechless and shivering that thier Jewish messiah trump turned out to be a kyke all along. Maybe we will hear a few iterations of the if the roles were reversed faggotry they’ve perfected. 
  @a   User  "Cuntzilla" is a spammer, seeking out discussions he doesn't like and begins spamming them with these same images every time. This account has been doing this for a while now. 
 	 Seen here admitting to spamming  with his mate , quite possibly the same person running both accounts. 
 		Meanwhile, little tough guy Mr. Hanky Rearend cries like a little cunt when someone trolls the fuck out of his pussy ass.      Tell all your little butt buddies more about how you're such a tough guy troll, pussy. 
 Liberals want children stealing their parent's guns & handing them in to their teachers.for safety.lol    
 	I always knew my teachers were retarded libs.  If only I could go back.    
 Great news. Loved Get Out.    
 		Get out is a nigger loving propaganda movie.  
 And people wonder why we need to .  on November 6th. 
 	fuck that pussy ass faggot bill maher with a rusty dildo 
 		I remember when the way leftists treat the word nigger inspired me to engage in a long autistic rant about what language even is:  
 	Do you know, i truthfully think this is the case. That cunt Macron is a fucking dinner masher. Who in their right mind would cuddle a sweaty nigger , unless it gives you wood. 
 	Wtf is that why you spooks are always stealing the white mans guns when u break into their homes? Come to my woods and lets see who cracks. oh btw ask you cousin (the one i shot) if he is ok. nothing makes a nigger drop snap on tools like 12 ga to the back. his buddy (get away driver) even left his black ass but i choke., lets see 4 gun fights 2 draws two hits still kicking  
 Rabid Leftist Kicks Peaceful Conservative Woman in Face for being Pro-Life.    
 		A vile faggot wearing tight pants 
 Cnn’s John Berman Fires Back At Trump After The President Criticizes The ‘Mainstream Media’ On Twitter      
 	Who gives a shit what that faggot says? Glad his security clearance was revoked. Eat Dirt Brennan. 
 Only the Jew knew that by an able and persistent use of propaganda, heaven itself can be presented to the people as if it were hell and, vice versa, the most miserable kind of life can be presented as if it were paradise. ~ Mein Kampf 
 	Only a paid troll would quote Hitler and expect to be taken seriously. 
 		fuck off faggot kikesucker 
 I have a feeling that our  are not your regular American citizens . We are educated and stay informed -   I took the test and got 10/10 - How did you do?   Link to citizenship test:  
 	Children should not be allowed to graduate high school without being able to pass the full citizenship test.  Seriously, how can people not be ashamed of themselves if they can't pass it? 
 		Absolutely true! The ignorance running rampant is the biggest problem we have.   If some nigger can’t get these right, then no diploma and no welfare. 
 I'd rather be a Nigger than a Jew any day of the week 
 ha ha ha faggot 
 Child pornography is a 1st amendment right   Change my mind 
 		Try it faggot 
 	Good luck with that, new h88ers join every day faggot 
 Jack Dorsey is a cunt mah sanz  
 .@SenatorLankford: I think actually President Trump is handling this the right way.    
 		If this horde is allowed in, then this is how they’ll do it from now on. Organize into hordes and storm the border. 
 		If this horde is allowed in, then this is how they’ll do it from now on. Organize into hordes and storm the border. 
 				More like wishful thinking on your part. 
 					hey cringe-berg, stein, whatever, you're in the wrong place if you're looking for the foreskin buffet. go be Semitic somewhere else chomo 
 						More like BrockTheWindBag 
 							try-hard.txt 
 								I don't speak gibberish. 
 												So in other words you cower to the Jew? 
 So you’re just a cunt to random employees at their jobs? 
 It'S Time To Kick This Faggot Out!   Trudeau Blames His Voters For The Carbon Tax    
 		What's an Npc? 
 			Somebody’s a boomer. lol 
 						Funny coming from the "Blame all but me" generation lol. You fucks know nothing  
 							The only one placing blame are you fucking  kids do lol 
 								sorry in English? 
 															Oh, I'm sorry (Not) you're offended by Nigger but you're ok with describing Hispanic ppl as Spics that are good for nothing but lawn care lol. 
 "Mocking Scandal"  So Trump was caught "again imitating a retarded person?"    Is that what the news is telling us?   
 	Tfw a nigger doesn’t know true history.  Look, more misinformation being used against us by the bad guys. This is a triple wammy bc the innocent white also gets jailed. Wrong history, nigger goes free to slander whites, & the white woman is jailed. They must keep jews the victims always! 
 Rapper T.I. Releases Sexist Promo Video Featuring Stripping Melania Trump Lookalike. The First Lady Responds.    
 		exactly!  Nigger has this false sense that beautiful women would want that dirty Pos to touch them. 
 I'm here man. Followed you on the twat for a while!  
 I'm here man. Followed you on the twat for a while!  
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	Tell them that bitch was a fucking liar and that hard work gets you a decent fucking career you spineless cunt  
 jesus youre quick to flip out, like a fucking retarded liberal! 
 Trump replaced conservative Scalia with Conservative Gorsuch and the left got pissy   He replaced moderate Kennedy with Conservative Kavanaugh and the left went ballistic   Imagine how fun it's going to be when he replaces liberal icon Ginsburg with conservative Barrett                  
 		I will actually piss myself with joy if he nominates her. The pissing part maybe not so much (unless I drank too much beer) but I'll be happier than a faggot in Boystown. 
 Cnn token house nigger faggot  Lemon  needs a bullet   
 The Two-Year Globalist War on President Trump   Attacks on Trump Echo Smears of John Birch Society   Council on Foreign Relations member  Max Boot Claims Trump Blaming Cfr member Soros Is Like Blaming 'The Jews'   
 					Who in the hell is this fuckface? 
 							I see his shit everywhere. He’s a pretentious faggot too. Always refusing to see the forest for the trees, and yet gets into these pseudo intellectual debates. Name the jew n the name callin begins. Not smart, self righteous rat hiding in the wall.  
 And we’re just getting started.     
 	She's pro-life, but I bet it would be compromised down to leaving it to the states, like weed. Ok by me. Let the niggers kill their babies in California and New York. One less nigger my grandson will have to kill on the battlefield during the 2nd revolution. 
 It’s interesting how we all knew this was going to happen. 
 	Do they really think dead Jews will make more people vote democrat? Or was this guy just a dumb, frustrated boomer? Going and shooting 8 Jews isn't going to do shit in a country of 350 million NPCs. Really smells like an Ff given the timing.  
 		But I wouldn't put it past a low Iq grunt to do something this stupid. You are useless to the movement dead or in jail. Only organization and careful planning can change things. Going one-man kamikaze is retarded and accomplishes nothing. 
 Kav Protester 
 	At least this crazy cunt is obvious about it. Think of all the other neoliberal weasels who keep it on the sly! 
 Shut the fuck up about democrats you retarded boomer cuckservatives. If you still give a shit about the kike controlled u.s. govt, you're doing it wrong. 
 "Three decades ago, every kid and every adult knew that the history, science, and technology, among other things, was overwhelmingly created by men. Everyone agreed that only really stupid and uneducated people  uneducated at the level of retarded kids from the kindergarten  could disagree with this innocent proposition."  - Lubos Motl 
 Logic: If you think nigger is offensive, you're a White Supremacist. Nigger mocks Africans bc of dark skin. To be offended by nigger assumes white skin is superior. Or White races are genetically superior: i.e., the Master Race. Big City Liberals are real White Supremacists who oppress People of Color around the globe.  
 	Well, I guess that makes this cunt a nigger. this coming from a woman who has lived a life of pampering, wealth & luxury, while receiving the utmost respect & adoration from millions of people. Are we supposed to feel bad that women bear the burden of child-birth. Is that my fault? Really? Denied education? Women go to school every day? Smh 
 My ex would never pull her kind of crap.   And we hate each other.   What the fuck is wrong with some women these days? 
 	For some people, getting on Tv, probably getting a huge book deal and ending up with well over half a million dollars in a gofundme account, ie, setting yourself up for life, isn't a bad tradeoff, assuming that you don't lose everything and then some in a massive defamation suit. 
 		she is a dizzy, ignorant, crazy, nigger lovin, stupid, fuckin cunt 
 	more pussy for you 
 	What an ugly avatar you selected.  It looks satanic.swirls on the cheeks? 
 		I love your style Dusty. Perhaps you are a worthy pupil. All I can see from here is a big fat head though.  
 	Those men that defend feminist evil and idiocy by sneering hate at other men are the most dysfunctional cowards there are. 
 		For shizzle my nizzle. Dusty Rhodes for the win. The rest of you see nothing.  
 		Wait a minute.did you mean that the way a sane person would mean it, or in the feminist way, that criticizing an ideology was me hating men? Like your gender is your ideology. I'm fluent in feminst bs, but it takes me a minute sometimes to translate. 
 		Did you trick me Dusty?  
 		Were you speaking another language? 
 		Were you speaking another language? 
 The lad learned more that day by Not getting punched - he was humiliated in front of his buddies - that wound will never heal. 
 	Brat  
 		No. Fairy gay faggot extraordinaire. 
  
 	get in here cunt   
 Yes, because this guy clearly wouldn't have Ever resorted to this if he hadn't been able to post on Gab. If you actually look at what he said in his final post, it seems to me most everyone was telling him Not to do retarded crap like this. 
 Even buttfucking faggot Obama was more against faggotry when he first ran for office than Trump. 
 I need a little help to get the trifecta!  I've heard from the holocaust deniers and the flat Earthers, I want to hear from a QAnon believer now! Lmfao 
 	It you don’t believe in Q it’s only because you’re not paying attention  
 		Did she like the nigger rape? I heard she did.  
 All the money from foreign nations and California wont get this commie elected in Texas.   
 	He is lucky he hasn't been beaten to death. 
 		I find it funny that bitch cunt married to that old washed up hollywood pecker .hasnt stepped up to fight or tommys freedom from all this torture ! 
 Kamel Toe Kamala is a Nigger whore and therefore not to be believed!  
 Hello all   Many have gone over to MeWe for the time being. There's a  group up and running. Try and get over there. If not, hope to catch you on the other side.    xxx 
 	I can't get the app on the device I use and my phone is too old why is everyone leaving 
 		@101elle101 How is it likely to shut down? They announced that they have already switched host. You just fuck off chicken and go suck a nigger dick don't disturb us anymore with your bullshit.  
 Fags are evil retarded cock gobblers who suck at comedy.like a fuck tonne   
 Ginsburg might die during this ceremony. 
 	My God she looks bad: 
 		Die You Evil Cunt    Die You Vile Deviant Liberal Skank 
 I see that Milano cunt whining, again, blaming men for everything and that all men must be rapists bcz some cunt made a false allegation 
 Netflix `is really nigger faggot flix.they want to shove nigger, fag shit down America's throat! 
 Oh no you were sperging out just fine for a Snitch.  Go ahead.  Be my guest, the fact that you are a Pest, a Retard, and a   Snitch   Is all now well established.  Do continue your bullshit,  I'll just ignore your dumb childish ass like most grown people do with retarded little short yellow bus riding children now.  Have fun. 
 Only women can end this war  
 	Yep.  Women Can end this war on men If they can extract their brain for long enough from their damn Facebook app.  They are too busy chasing their own damn tails and submitting willingly being brainwashed.  its Time To Wake The Fuck Up. 
 		Not all women.  Stop with the hateful blanket statements. 
 			no fuck you.  oh wait not even a nigger will that's why you are so angry.  angry fat liberal chick that no one hump.  roflmfao. 
 The world gets better and better everyday.    
 	Wigger dies in plane wreck. 
 Up until this point, Trump has been appointing Scotus nominees to replace relatively conservative judges on the bench.   Just wait until he has to replace a liberal judge. If you thought the Left was going crazy now, they’ll take it to a new level when that happens. 
 	Can’t wait! Hope the ole buzzard croaks during a State of the Union address. Would serve her right if they have to cart her dead ass off in front of everyone. Classless prejudicial cunt 
 This is the Democratic Party   Sick & evil 
 	well. Cunt Why Don'T You Try Lol. All You Bitches Are Just Mouth.  
 What Halloween costume can I wear that Won’T offend a liberal? 
 		dress up as a million dollar welfare check.Lol 
 Senator  Reportedly Solicited Oral Sex From Another Man     's      is a Fudge Packer Pos    This accuser has evidence unlike  
 	Will  Come Out Of The Closet?     's take    F#Farticus is a Fudge Packer Pos#Sodomite Scum  so-called hero of the     
 		This Negro is gay down low harder than your average Nigger fag. He little Richard, Liberace, what what in the butt scum bag. 
 Cunt 
 You should've voted for Gary Johnson. 
 	he really did say that and one of the many reasons he was not my first pick in the primaries. However, the is the right man and the only man with the skill-set and backbone to turn this thing around. Now Isaac Baranoff  is showing himself to be a moron Never Trump which aligns him with the enemy demoncRATS. Sucks to be you dude 
 		I'm not aligned with the Democrats. Gary Johnson is a libertarian. You've got to be retarded to think I support the Democrats when my post literally says "you should've voted for Gary Johnson". Not only are You a fucking moron, but a liar to boot. You know who is actually like a Democrat? Donald Trump. You are one stupid fuck. 
 Time for that faggot to be verbally Bitch-slapped back to shainola! 
 fatty you've been watching too many movies. Yah fat ugly cunt you couldn't cut your own toe nails. Does Fran get on top when your shagging? as your an old man with a glass Jaw! Odd isnt it you threaten and do Fuck All you pantifa pussy cunt.  
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					Those are mostly leftist pagans. You know, the Universalist types. 
 						How many children do you have nigger?  Childless nigger homo of the Jew.  
 theres a difference between fgt faggot and gay im 2 out of 3 
 Surprise its a nigger again!   
 Who is more grotesque? A White who 
 	Whites can’t raise children out of their own kind.Child abuse.Africans are different than whites.Raising a mentally retard child should be commited to a mental institution.Maybe the hospital can help if not it’s long time care so she or he doesn’t hurt himself or other people. 
 Jordan Hunt fights for womens' rights so hard that he actually fights women.    
 	Paul stop being a faggot long enough to realize, you must name the jew for the sake of your people! 
 Additional factors to consider.  Homes have much greater square footage now, and vehicles have many, many more features and are more complex now.  So this would skew the comparison. 
 	Oh look!  a reactionary who’s an apologist for the elites who have ruined our country. 
 			You are just word salading like a faggot shitlib.  Oh you're so offended.  Wow, muh feelz.  So are you claiming some kind of serious intention to suddenly do a meaningful analysis in the middle of boomer bashing? Why not just go for the shame tactic like a bitch?  Oh, too late. lol 
 If the voice of your resistance is a mentally-ill drag queen, then it’s safe to say your resistance is likely equally deranged. 
 	Everybody hates this faggot Its just a talentless token pushed by the media 
 Oh shut the fuck up you ignorant cunt 
  
 	you keep your totalitarian bullshit socialism with speech and thought control, i will keep my free market capitalism and freewill  
 		None. I don't live in a nigger and Jew infested city. 
 		Can god get you to shut your cunt hole up  
 		Can god get you to shut your cunt hole up  
 How to make sure you have ugly kids that don't look like you. 
 	If women want retarded kids, let them. The rest of us will continue on and eventually colonize space leaving this planet to the retards and crazies.  
 Jason Van Dyke was convicted today of second degree murder and sixteen counts of aggravated battery in the 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald. Video of verdict.   
 Jason Van Dyke was convicted today of second degree murder and sixteen counts of aggravated battery in the 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald. Video of verdict.   
 That is because they are retarded democrats lol  Cnn’s Stelter, Tapper, Cillizza Silent on ‘Stripper Melania,’ Melted Down over ‘Horseface’   
 i think my  is lagging a little its 8:36 here in Chicongo and i just saw Roddy Piper boxing a nigger with a mohawk  
 Uk Enrichment Update: Record High 700 Live Terror Probes    
 	Neil Basu who the fuck put that Paki cunt in charge, this is where it all goes wrong.  Paki's, Nigga's and Shitskins can't run their own country's so why the fuck they running ours.All these foreign fucks and I don't give a shit if they where born here, have to go.all of them. 
 Serious ! Full retard mode ! 
 Rosie  "the carpet munching queer" O'Donell and her faggot abomination kids are going to tell us how to make america great? You fucking obese ugly cow! Go Fuck Yourself! 
 			By the time he arrives at the hospital, he would've been sedated, he wouldn't have been screaming as described.   Silly Yid. This is America. We don't treat those we arrest as you treat the Palestinians your nation state arrests. 
 		 
 "Powerful" 
 	Let's push this meme.  We really want these women to brand themselves so that we can identify them and avoid them. 
 		Yes because nothing says I am a sensible adult that is a productive member of society like getting that tattooed on your ankle. All it means is you’re a fucking cunt that believes killing the unborn is justifiable. 
  
 	I'll just bet you get your talking points from skinheads. asshole 
 		I'll just bet you get your talking points from hooked-nose heebs. cunt 
  
 	Hängt die nigger auf  
 Palmetto State Faggot Jew Hey guess what? I know where you live. Lolololol. 
 	Dogg has smoked himself retarded . 
 	Are you denying the influence Jewish organizations like the Adl and Splc have?  
 		No    I’m just saying the Jooooos don’t control the world 
 			So you're not going to address that, and be a dick. I'll not mention the world Jewish congress. These are all things you can look up. Come back with an argument  
 				There is nothing to address 
 						Lol   oh the drama. 
 							Lol oh the denial 
 							Lol oh the denial 
 4 Arrested In New Mexico Shooting That Left 1 Dead, 3 Injured       
 	That's a citizen. I can tell by the cunt lip facial hair. 
 I'm balancing Bored Right Now, you stupid retarded bitch.     Fuck James Watt.  I"M Motherfucking Max Planck.   The fuck you got? 
 Rep. Joe Kennedy: Americans Must Welcome the Migrant Caravan   
 	(202) 225-5931 Dc office (617) 678-5936 Campaign office (617) 332-3333 Newton Office (508) 431-1110 Attleboro office  never hurts to call and tell him that he's a gigantic faggot 
 Don Lemon is a Foc.   Faggot of Color.    He is also proof that black men can be soyboys. 
  
 	Faggot 
 Halloween cookies are "violence towards women" now.ok.sure.     
 	Motherfucking false advertising.  There's not a bit of deluded witch cunt finger at all. It's just flour and shit.  I'm so disappointed! 
 Gab Management has been totally irresponsible in providing a forum for unabashed Nazis and antiSemites. There are limits to free speech, and a mute button is Not the answer. There’s nothing socially healthy about the free public exchange of blatant hate speech. 
 	Wwii ended 70 years ago. 
 		go shove some "hate speech" up your ass, you kike faggot 
  
 	Gyogy Schwartz sponsored event 
 		Money knows no colour & especially when division is the goal   The Coudenhove Kalergi Plan is real. The Eu gives out a prize for this every year to the traitors that advocate for the destruction of this great Continent where we reside. Wake-up your sleeping friends and family & get active -- there is no time to waste.  for life. Ps - when we posted this video it got censored. 
 			you not going for tge chalmagne prize  
 				Nope. I'm going for the drop kick of the last hou & you're it - You Jewish Cunt Lmfao 
  
 	dyke initiation--congrats perverts 
 Rt :        Is this the abstract from one of the seven academic hoax papers unveiled today or is it from a genuine published work?   You guess.      
 	these leftoids have active imaginations. almost as if they wished this quasi-erotic literary porn was their real lives. 
 		Subtitle: "History of a San Francisco Dyke who likes getting her nails done, Volume I" 
 Remember when professional tennis was a game of respect? Was till niggers started playing. Kinda like basket ball, (Nba) Nigger Basketball Association and (Nfl) Nigger Football League.  
 Patriot Alert   I have no further information available on this. Just be advised to stay alert for any further developments.    
 	Well, for the record, the Presidential Alert came 5 minutes early at 1:18 Pm Central on my cellphone. It said; "Presidential Alert This Is A Test of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is needed."  What happens after this is anybody's guess. 
 		This is bullshit, I am not seeing anything on my end. Whoever posted this should get hit with a bike lock then fucked with by the Fbi 
 			Get fucked nigger faggot  
 	I believe the Japanese and Chinese would disagree with you, the Persians had a vast Empire at one time, and were the Mayans taken down by Jews? You're so precious, child 
 		You are so Retarded child! 
  
 	  Portland, Or Recall law  2.08.170 Recall.  Procedures and forms for a recall petition and election shall be according to state law.   
 		What a fucking retarded liberal mangina faggot. 
 Hillbilly Moon Explosion - My Love Forever More  (ft. Sparky from Demented are go)     
 	Er Yeah! Strange but oddly compelling I have run this twice  ha! 
 		Jackson - hillbilly Moon Explosion   
 		Jackson - hillbilly Moon Explosion   
 	That lowlife nigger Never did anything for our country! He will Not be allowed to take credit for what Trump has done! 
 Chelsea Clinton mulling a run for political office  if someone 'steps down or retires'    via  
 	Oh God, just look at that horse face! That pathetic bitch should be sharing a cell with her dyke mother for embezzlement  
 Ford thinks President Trump was harsh she should come check out Gab! 
 	Oh, Goooooodddd 
 			2-Door-Ford is Twatter material. 
 Rt JamesOKeefeIII    'Busted' Dem Senator McCaskill Demands Special Prosecutor Over Veritas Undercover "Fraud" | Zero Hedge    
 	It’s out bitch,so quit complaining, you are a two-faced cunt 
  Have you ever seen this technique for building a hollandaise where you whisk solid butter into the yolks while tempering?  I was shocked, it does appear to work.     
 	You cook, too, R'abbi? Nice. Oh shit waaaaitttt! Meat and eggs on the same plate! Kosher alarm! Aaugh I'll never go to another seder of yours. You must be Reform lmao. 
 		As a wee nigger rabbi I was classically trained 
 Texas man gets 24 years in prison for burning down mosque   
 	Perez is a Separdic Jewish name. 
 		Ps I hate the cunt and they hate me, maybe it's my old Edl tat? 
 	Trump got under her skin so bad that she went out and got a Dna test. Warren felt the need to prove him wrong and now she looks stupid. Now you have that meme going around that says its okay to be 99.9999999 White. It won't hurt her tho long term. The only one who would ever use it against her would be Trump. No other republican will use it - that wouldn't be polite. 
 		Liz Warren is a classic example of a woman who is book smart but not people smart. A redneck could have told her it was a bad idea to publicize the results from that Dna test.   She just doesn't get it. And it's why she will never be president. 
 			She certainly cannot run vs Trump - he would make mincemeat of her. 
 				I honestly think she believed (in good faith) all the family stories about her Indian ancestry. Growing up in Oklahoma, it might have even had some basis in reality. She listed herself as white when she applied to college and law school.   It was only after the insane push for diversity that she saw how lucrative LARPing as an Injun could be. That's on her. 
 Ultra liberal Trump hating faggot loving pussy. Very disappointed in Pope Francis.  
 @a is a nigger lover. 
 Looks like a fucking ratface faggot from the side. 
 		I have no idea. It kinda looked looked like the same guy that was on Loomer's vid last year. (probably was.) 
 		If he had a safety pin in his nose than that's him. Either way he needs to be set on fire.  
 		If he had a safety pin in his nose than that's him. Either way he needs to be set on fire.  
 Okay I must complain about Fox Tv .   I am watching The Cool Kids.   This is a family hour comedy show. Should be kid friendly at this hour of the evening.  Now I realize things have changed and morals are almost a thing of the past but this can't be allowed.  These old folks are texting women for dates. I just walked in on it and heard one guy say  " no one messaged me back. I came on too strong with my dong pics. Destiny is the only one who liked my dick "  Now I am the last person who would complain about bad language since I am the king of foul mouth talk but this is different . This is family time Tv and screw all this crap where people can say fuck all over the place and it is acceptable .  It is Never acceptable especially on Tv when kids are watching.   Shit , piss , fuck , cunt , cocksucker, mother fucker, tits. No . And not dick, fun bags, slop hole, stink hole, brown eye, poop chute.   Complain to Fox Network about this.   
 *Paris* Muslime Screaming "Allahu Akhbar" Stabs Man In The Neck!  Last night, in the Paris suburb of La Courneuve, around 2.20am, a Muslim cunt attacked a man with a pair of scissors, while repeatedly shouting 'please send me home', okay, I made that bit up! Anyway, he was caught very red handed! He was also drunk  
 Check out the utterly naive rube tone Torba takes here. Is it an act like the farmer Goober outfit, or is he really this clueless?       Pic related 
 Check out the utterly naive rube tone Torba takes here. Is it an act like the farmer Goober outfit, or is he really this clueless?       Pic related 
  Gary Busey's retarded mom . 
  
 	No I would have killed his crooked ass  he was as sick minded as his cunt daughter is I would have had a list of people with Ace Spade's G.Hw bush would be right at the Tippity top of the fucking list . 
 It's about time this man took responsibility for his own screw ups. Now I can declare this feud with Maverick over. As for a certain woman that drives me nuts? That could go on for years. 
 	maybe if you didn't obsess over her and be a creepy fucker about Toro, none of this would've happened :) 
 		hey at least i'm not a generic redneck that's a virgin, right? 
 liberalism is a mental disorder. this ugly lying cunt is a manipulator, not a victim 
 As bad as the Communists are:   Radical Conservatives will vote for and support a giant police state that can then be handed over to the Communists. 
 	Let me guess you'd rather have a radical liberal democrat police state which Obummer already had rolling big time vs a conservative state which tries to let you have some rights. Killary would of had us in WW3 by now, by design.  
 		I'm not dogging out trump.  I am dogging out radical police state sick Tv watching pill popping conservatives that are gonna push there retarded police state war mongering onto us as the pendulum swings.   
  
 	Indeed, lets endeavor to hope they continue to do more of the same. I never stop a retard from being retarded, its often too entertaining! 
 Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder in the shooting death of Laquan McDonald      
 Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder in the shooting death of Laquan McDonald      
  
 		Rod Stewart after a face lift  
 		Rod Stewart after a face lift  
 Dogooders always lose in the long run. He's the type that would reason with a nigger raping his wife instead of shooting him.  
 looks like a sand nigger cock in your hand 
 	She's well nown to be a nigger loving jew. 
 			I know he allegedly is.   You daft Bastard  
 							1000 to 1, I ***Guarantee*** you are totally ignorant of genetics and what a white person is.   It's filth like you that cause the hatred of whites, when white folks are the least racist, nicest, least rapey people on the planet. 
 																Fuck you nigger 
 Two very different versions of the English language. 
 	Faggot were the bundles of sticks used to burn homosexuals to death tied to a stake  
 	A homeless man shitting on a cardboard box would make a better representative for the ‘resistance’, try to find better reps that won’t be a detriment to your cause you spastic cunts. (A spastic Cunt would also make a better rep). 
 This is believable. 
 		That's her survival mechanism kicking in to get out of conversations. She just makes the Npc-like scary eyes, people get freaked out and promptly find an excuse to leave her presence. 
 		That's her survival mechanism kicking in to get out of conversations. She just makes the Npc-like scary eyes, people get freaked out and promptly find an excuse to leave her presence. 
 A Very Scary Monster.   I Was Going To Save This Till Halloween Day, But I Don'T Know How Much Longer I Will Be On Gab. 
 	Not the brown Kenyen faggot mask! 
 dyke  
 Gang of Somali Kids Attack Park Goers in Lewiston, Maine - Maine First Media     
 	Kill the god damned nigger scum. 
 Stabbed In Neck   arrested but no descr       
 	woman on a plane means nigger word will be said   This Is That Institutional racism they were talking about   the trillions spent and lives lost were worth it           
 Entertainment comes from clowns. Re-read your clown-shoes teenage redneck posts and realize who's doing the entertaining here. 
 Trump replaced conservative Scalia with Conservative Gorsuch and the left got pissy   He replaced moderate Kennedy with Conservative Kavanaugh and the left went ballistic   Imagine how fun it's going to be when he replaces liberal icon Ginsburg with conservative Barrett                  
 	Please, Oh Please! let her be replaced while there's a conservative majority. I want to see it. Maybe the left'll do something stupid enough to warrant the kind of full blown retaliation that will warn generations to come about their brand of petty, selfish, and mindless guerilla war.  
 		Isn't she the woman that adopts loads of nigger babies and thinks we should help refugees/migrants? 
 	Yeah, starving. No doubt she hit hard times in Honduras.  From being able to afford 20 donuts a day to just 10.  Poor dear.  Now in the Usa, with taxpayer funded welfare, she is actually up to 24 donuts a day. 
 		a big fat breeder. just what America need. send her fatass back to Honduras. we don't need her turning America into a stinking wetback shithole 
 	What about conservatives that supported Gw Bush? 
 	What about conservatives that supported Gw Bush? 
 		as you can see in the chart ,i also posted they have 40-65% Sand nigger still flowing in their nasty asses  
 	    Yep you should.  I had it for three or four days muted and stopped them from following me done from their page and also  reported them first on 3 dots menu last day and none the next. 
 		Cheers Marina!   
 		Yes report them  I have had a few and not long after reporting them the accounts disappear.  If you report the post and sent the user name to   @a  
 		 
 		 
 This vile cunt must be exterminated.    
 To all the women who came out in support of Kavanaugh, i thank you from the bottom of my heart. You don't know how much it means to men to see women stand by our side against wild accusations and collective attacks on all men as violent predators. Thank You.  
 	Don't mess with our men! Our providers, our protectors our best friends! 
 		Kavanaugh supporting women are we on who sympathized with home because their fathers used to sexually milest them. More of the same, so they stay republican. 
 			I agree with you having your free speech but you are a moron and a lil annoying so yeah you gotta go! 
 				That’s funny, the stupid cunt calls me a moron! How cute. Angela Bryant, still using that prodigy.net email account? You obviously were not popular because of your intellect. 
 Bad move. He has nothing to prove to anyone. Once a month that office is going to be like Dante's Inferno. You could power an electrical station on the passive aggressiveness alone. Good grief. He should have hired all white, Christian, straight, males who like beer and who have a family to support. I hope he likes four women telling him where his couch should go. (Psst, none of them will agree on the location either), pumpkin spice latte dripped all over the briefings they type, hair clogging up his office bathroom sink, and no one who can stay late because they have to pick up little Johnny from the babysitters!  Oh, And Dems will still call him a gang rapist until the day he dies. 
 		Cycling is good for their health Lol 
 		Cycling is good for their health Lol 
 Oh Dear God>.   Obama Quickly Takes Credit For Pastor Andrew Brunson's Release From Turkey. (enjoy the satire)   Look, when was Brunson first arrested? October 2016, that’s right. The man gets arrested during my administration and now Republicans want to give Trump credit for his release, just because he applied crippling pressure to Erdogan until the deed was done? Please! he added.   The former president went on to explain how nobody has a better track record of caring for Christians than he does, and no other president before or since him has commanded such fear and respect on the world stage.   President Trump, you didn’t do that. Obama did that, he said. You’re welcome.      Smfh.                          #GabFam   
 		He does have a very good record for "caring" for Christians. Just hold that mirror up then you will have a crystal clear view on what he means. 
 		He does have a very good record for "caring" for Christians. Just hold that mirror up then you will have a crystal clear view on what he means. 
 Owen Benjamin's Ridiculous Anti-Evolution Argument | Tps #180.  
 	Owen Benjamin is retarded 
 	Owen Benjamin is retarded 
 Don't feel so bad, you could be in Stevie Wonder's shoes.  :)    Click on image for full view. 
 	because he is One Stupid Fuckin Nigger 
 Obstructionists? I know we are forced to vote Gop this fall, But I Will Never forgive them for this. They all voted against the President making recess appointments. Every Single One Of Them.   What is worse? They didn't take that power away from Bath House Barry.    Think about that!                                                                                                                   
 	Make this the last time you ever vote for a sitting Gop politician in the Congress or Senate. Instead, encourage someone with honesty and a love for truth and the law to run and then get everyone you can to vote for him or her. 
 		Have you always been a stupid cunt or is this your first day?  
 			Lovely people out there today.                                                                           
 				I Dedicate This Gab To Pos: Dianne Feinstein.enjoy it.  ty W 
 				Looking at the comment it's not hard to imagine what inspired this post. 
 				I have a joke.@DM73  
 				You are a really nice Lady! I am glad I met you here on Gab! Thank you! 
 				You talking to me motherfucker?  You don't like what I have to say just mute me or are that stupid you don't know how?  Just what I thought your stupid!  Muted you 
 					No.I wasn't talking to you. I was talking to this person who called me a cunt, when I did nothing but tell him he was misunderstanding what I was saying, and UnFAIRLY , and disgustingly attacking me without clarifying facts or making any attempt to understand. Have a nice day. Sucks when people do that. 
 				Your mother hates you and you have no father that makes you a bastard.and no im not sorry. 
 				Ignore him, Gem.  Some people are just wound a little too tight. 
 					Usually pretty good at that, but sometimes. 
 					Usually pretty good at that, but sometimes. 
 	Use the Mute and Deny Follow buttons. 
 		Apparently, you have a problem in understanding something.  I Don'T Want To See Fairy Gay Faggot Tranny Porn At All. I have a right to not see that shit, and I'm Not the only one that feels like this. 
 I bet you're a fag who likes sucking nigger farts 
 the man behind the curtain. 
 	Of course the Muslim is staring at a image of the man he stiffed. Soros gave bummer millions with the understanding that the wigger would do his bidding. The Muslim took the cash and did exactly what he wanted and screwed Soros in the process. No honor amongst thieves. 
 This faggot is going to like prison very much . He is going to meet the Health inspector . Ha ha ha     
 		Moron! You're saying Tommy Robinson has been putting his own life and those of his wife and kids, been attacked and sent to prison for his beliefs for years.just to sell some books? Let's see you write a book about your Nazi ideas when everyone knows who you are. See how you get on lol 
 				It's like with me mate. They know I'm not Jewish but unless you hate Jews you Are Jewish. It's the socialist mental illness again. Affects National ones and non National ones the same. Tommy doesn't hate Jews and supports Israel so he must be Jewish lol 
 						Here he is, Mongo No Lie. Not happy I met a gorgeous black girl last weekend who is way out of his league lol 
 								Correction! Only you and your ilk don't find any black girls attractive. Because attractive black girls don't want the likes of you. More left wing jealousy. And most of my girlfriends have been white. Only dated 3 black girls in decades :) 
 															hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 "Hitler's sister Paula was mentally retarded . . . but she still had more brains than her brother!"  Wow totally not a biased "source"! 
 This Is Cnn=> Don Lemon Brings Up Kanye West’s Deceased Mother to Criticize Trump Meeting (Video)  
 	Wonder how many bodyguards that little faggot bitch has. 
 Obama Endorses Socialist Superstar Ocasio-Cortez   In the article there is a list of midterm candidates that Obama has endorsed   You should stay far away from Anybody that Obama endorses. Make sure you Don'T vote for them, but I'm sure most of you already knew that Lol       
 	Surprise surprise who would’ve thought the leftist antiwhite socialism Nigger is backing socialism death to the monkey and his dirty ape chimp family 
 What? You mean on the land Israel captured from Muhammadans when they tried sneak attacking with combined armies twice, and lost both times. That land is Israeli now. They very kindly let Islamics there govern themselves. I'd have kicked the lot out 45 years ago for complicity. 
 	hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 	hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 Update: Records to be Released Today!  Woman Beater Ellison loses fight to delay divorce paper release, report says   
 	No matter how hard they try to suppress the truth it will always eventually rise to the top.  This muzzie demon crat is evil and should Never be able to hold office in the United States of America!  Period! 
 Chicago police brace for unrest after Van Dyke verdict: ‘We have some long daysahead of us’   
 Chicago police brace for unrest after Van Dyke verdict: ‘We have some long daysahead of us’   
 Breaking on Rt:   United Nations Afp tells French people they should Not have children to save the enviroment!   Errr. how about telling sub Saharan African's to stop breeding like rabbits, & expecting western taxpayers to pay for it with mass immigration into our lands, you globalist, socialist scum!  
 	Even More,   of all Western nations, deport , Stop All Welfare to them.  How long will  survive as a People if we are Paying Muslim men to have 4 wives and 8 children Per Wife   We're Paying for our Own     
 		Sand nigger looks like a dressed up turd! 
  
 	Nothing to see here. 
 		Funny how everything is pending but his political party. Uh huh. But he had Trump stickers all over his van and none-None were even faded.  He’s their patsy.  
 			It’s so obvious, sad and so many other things at the same time. I just can’t even wrap my head around the things these people do or say. Never have been able to.  Not to mention the thirty something accounts he followed on twit twat are all high ranking dems.   These people are stupid!  
 			It’s so obvious, sad and so many other things at the same time. I just can’t even wrap my head around the things these people do or say. Never have been able to.  Not to mention the thirty something accounts he followed on twit twat are all high ranking dems.   These people are stupid!  
 If I were a Jewish shill, I'd create an anonymous account on Gab, and shitmouth everyone who proposed something with a chance of success. Anyone on here anonymously begging for a revolution that we are clearly not prepared to fight, is probably not here for the benefit of our movement or our people. 
 	I detest this man more and more. Hindsight is 20-20, but for the next round of this in 20 years, know that it would've been much better had he  instead of crying  used all those guns to take that Vice crew hostage and demand they go live, then do his best 20-minute pitch to White America, before dying in a firefight with the Zog. That would've been honorable. 
 		I like these occasional reminders that I am a profoundly better strategist than my rivals. 
 			You're a coward. You don't really believe in your heart that White people are right.   You want Zog's Noahide Society to reassure you "it's okay to be a White person". And they're not going to do it. They want us to be slaves or die.   It has to be enough that you believe it fanatically, when the whole world is against you, and you don't.  
 				Remember when I said the key difference between Christianity and Paganism is that Christianity looks for external validation and Paganism is about creating real internal worth through work?    This is ultimately why we need Paganism.    Because we need a Folk that will be able to face down the whole Zog world and still know they are right and good. 
 						You define "true White person" as a Christian slave. And you're right.   They're trapped in Talmudism. In the Noahide Law System. They'll never do anything.   That's why it's such a threat that we're showing people another way through the Native European ethos and faith.  
 						You define "true White person" as a Christian slave. And you're right.   They're trapped in Talmudism. In the Noahide Law System. They'll never do anything.   That's why it's such a threat that we're showing people another way through the Native European ethos and faith.  
 Im more in the feck shit up and answer retarded question business, but i assure you ill personnaly look into this. good follow up, i feelin it 
 Im more in the feck shit up and answer retarded question business, but i assure you ill personnaly look into this. good follow up, i feelin it 
 Christine Blasey Ford  has been nominated for an award at Unc for being courageous and inspirational.   I just, I mean, Seriously?       
 	Aawwwww the cunt is getting a Participation Trophy  Well Aint She A Special Lying Whore ! 
 	Hillary is absolutely nothing like Hitler and those are two totally different circumstances. You have shit for brains.  
 		What kind of pedophile Pos loves Islam?  Oh yeah, Hitler.     
 			Jews absolutely love Muslims and they literally perform circumcision with their mouths. 
 				Democrats are socialist just like Nazis. 
 					The Nazis didn’t even define Socialism the same way. You would know that if you weren’t a dumb as fuck Npc that can’t think or respond outside of y 
 						Communism and fascism are both socialist economic models. In both the government controls all economic activity. The only difference is that in communism the government owns everything. In fascism a select few of the elites own the means of production, but since the government selects the economic winners and losers, no one really owns anything. 
 							Here’s the Fasces on the walls of Congress, the Us dime, and some American kids back in the day doing the Bellamy salute. That’s a lot of Fascist stuff, right there. So does that make America historically socialist? 
 								Free market ? 
 											No wamen voters either. Or ppl who don’t contribute Fed taxes. 
 Going from offering free stuff to buying votes. What a loser-head.    
 	Feckless Cunt 
 Saudi Tv had to pixelate Angela Merkel's hair to avoid plunging the nation into uncontrollable sexual excitement. close call  
 	@a @e        Ability to both upvote And downvote posts.  [This one is hilarious for who they're censoring, so an upvote, but retarded for the reason why, thus downvote.]  Thanks 
 Global Political Analysis -------> Muted? you have the soul of a left - retard child woman. You mute everyone when shit hits the fan because you cannot deal with the real world. I was not attacking you, I was attacking people who rely on experts. Who are you? 
 		I am a "mud woman" of which you speak.     However, to judge an individual solely on appearance is trite. 
 				(s)he hooks up with whomever pays. Come on now everybody knows the rules of engagement among this fucking liberal cult  
 						left wing white supremists?  no such animal exists 
 							White supremacism is collectivism.     Ergo, white supremacists are leftists. 
 																		Apparently I care more about my race and nation than you. You are a faggot that follows around married women on the internet.  
 Omg what ever shall we do?   Perhaps next he'll get a blowjob in the oval office?   Oh wait.   Lmao         #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam      #1A #2A  
 	I also wonder what Andrew Jackson said in the oval office as well. I know his parrot got kicked out of his funeral because it kept saying motherfucker too many times and other such profanity’s  
 		Andrew Jackson would never let a Nigger put on a minstrel show in his office or near his person in any formal setting as it would gravely disrespect the office 
 What's the big deal?   Melania Trump is offered a suspicious little male package every night being told it's the bomb! 
 	Bob, you've crossed the line.  We all know your Mom was fat, flagellant, inbred limey ho', but our First Lady is finer than any Brit ever produced.  So sad, you've really been going down hill in the last couple of weeks, and I guess you decided you just wanted to swim with the shit sucking Moozlum Royals of Britanistan. 
 Go. 
 	I bomb your house using a drone. I tell everyone your house was filled with explosives and show them your Gab.ai account. You're a .   Your death is celebrated by republicans and democrats alike.    You're forgotten by the entire world. 
 		libs need to stop sucking nigger dick it is affecting their brain. 
 From a lesbian to a Muslim: nothing compares to the story of Sinead O’Connor.     
 	She likes being obedient to her handlers, she will make a good muzzie  
 You are a retard when it comes to history. Must be a lefty. 
 Rt mitchellvii    So the guy arrested for doxxing the Senate works for Sheila Jackson Lee, the woman seen handing an envelope to Ford's lawyers?  Huh.   
 	She’s the greasiest Nappy headed nigger on the planet 
  ’s Gov't Hauls in 30 Boatloads of Barbarians in One Weekend        
 	'Rescuers' in  attire.   Look at all of the women and children.      
 		note the irish flag , what faggots , with a faggot leaders x2 president and prime minister. pathethic country of loser faggots. 
 nah, just a retarded nigger. 
 Good riddance to (((churchill's))) statues. He was a jew-loving militant cuck who murdered the Aryan race for the sake of rabid semitism and demonism. He was a degenerate fat faggot on top of it.  
 The Jews and Democrats have no shame!  They can only Lie!  But their constituents are so Retarded they do not know! 
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 		I love the word magnanimous, btw. Great vocab. 
 		I feel left out.  I want a strait pride parade.or a strait pride day.  But then again, none of us strait folk announce where we stick our penis or where we allow a penis to enter our vagina.  It just isn't the most important aspect of our lives.  We eat, we shit, we pee, we have sex.those are normal functions of every day life.  When you exalt any one of those above the rest of your life?  You just might be insane.   
 		Every straight couple you see in public, every straight couple you see in movies or on tv or in ads, every scantily clad model you see. they’re announcing their heterosexuality as much as I am.  
 		No.  They are living normal lives, and hopefully having lots of little white babies.because our race in woefully in decline.  
 If a female feels empowered to be equal to that of a man and give a political view, then she must stand on her own after giving that opinion. No jumping back and forth. No white knighting. No damseling.  It’s more than skin color. Some whites are Communists, and use dishonest tactics to silence a prowhite agenda.   
 	It’s like a nigger saying race is a social construct. We’re all humans. Affirmative Action for poor black minorities! Communism is always AntiWhite.  
 	look at those retarded spooks.and they wonder why they are called niggers.iggnorant pos \  
 	You savage cunt. Assaulting a disabled man. Cunt 
 	You savage cunt. Assaulting a disabled man. Cunt 
 News  ‘Ellen’ Producer Attacks Melania Trump To Promote Migrant Caravan. Team Melania Hits Back.    
 	This cunt attacks our Flotus? A low life bitch who has mental issues and at best is a clown jester for the hunger games bullshit.    
 Perhaps the cool million she made on  could pay for a private jet to a little island hideaway. With two front doors.   
 		Agreed 100%! 
 		Agreed 100%! 
 The "jew haters" have been banned from most other platforms, so they came here.   They are basically folks that struggle to understand what's happening in society, so to simplify things for their minds they resort to "apophenia", "affect heuristic", and "confirmation bias" to process their world view.  In a nutshell, resort to the favorite tactic of the left and blame a race for the world's problems. 
 	Yup.and I ignore and mute them if they get too bad. I believe in free speech but sometimes.well you know. 
 		Sometimes yeah well ya know ya gotta b a commie and silence ppl for noticing things. Essentially what ur saying. Ur a faggot an ur enemies won’t share ur cowardice.  
 Couldnt handle the bantz 
 	What a shitlib cunt 
 .@SenBlumenthal: 'Republicans Have Succeeded in Confirming a Dangerous & Deeply Flawed Nominee'  
 	This faggot has taken one too many in the anal cavity. 
 	Doesn't twitter allow porn anyway? 
 		yes 
 	free speech is ghey  anime tiddy is art tho 
 	free speech is ghey  anime tiddy is art tho 
 	Here Is Another IsLAMONAZI 
 			Tell me what do you think of this verse? 
 				This.    
 						what a fkn rube 
 						what a fkn rube 
 Wow.   Being a conservative hetero white guy really sucks right now.   Gee.   Maybe I should try being a stupid ass fucking black lesbian jew muslim illegal spic lgbtq asshole for a while. 
 The largest mass killing of Jewish people in American History was committed by a Trump MAGAt. 
 		We'll see won't we. Ya'all fucked up. Let you hate take control. Rookie mistake. Oh well, live and learn MAGAt, Live And Learn! 
 			Stop passing Aids around Steven the gay Jew .lol  
 				I see, sure-sure. 
 					So you're  a gay Jew with Aids.See i told ya so . 
 		Tony DeMaga thinks he scares someone! That's funny! 
 			Scares? I'm describing you , and you know it.Lol  
 				Tough Guy Tony Demaga, talks a tough game. Talks. 
 					Says the gay Jew boy with Aids. Lol  
 					Says the gay Jew boy with Aids. Lol  
 and the cunt has a blue checkmark. Of course 
 			I know he allegedly is.   You daft Bastard  
 							1000 to 1, I ***Guarantee*** you are totally ignorant of genetics and what a white person is.   It's filth like you that cause the hatred of whites, when white folks are the least racist, nicest, least rapey people on the planet. 
 																	We don't all possess the same Dna, Europeans are 2% Neanderthal, 98% African. Africans are 100% African. 
 This Is A Very Close Race ! 
 		Bring Back The Mental Institution! 
 		Bring Back The Mental Institution! 
 Retard and nigger now back to twatter. 
 Boring stage act propaganda, or narrow mindedness.  Too tired to care, and I'm sure no one else probably does either.    Sen. Jeff Flake Explains Decision To Call For Fbi Probe | The View    
 		Same for me when it comes to Whoopi. And the new host, the one they used to replace Mccain's girl, that one is annoying a heck, doesn't matter what she says it seems like. 
 		Same for me when it comes to Whoopi. And the new host, the one they used to replace Mccain's girl, that one is annoying a heck, doesn't matter what she says it seems like. 
   Pathetic Pos  desperate to take credit away from Trump for Uniting The Country and calling for the Fbi Investigation   
 	Fuck That Retarded Bitch 
 Give some love to our favorite autists, folks. They do it for free. 
 	so glad these retarded super geniuses are on our side, for real. based autism is a horror to behold if you call down the wrath.  
 Lol, I am half redneck and half hillbilly, lol Depending on my mood swings. Deplorable! yes I am 
 Lol, I am half redneck and half hillbilly, lol Depending on my mood swings. Deplorable! yes I am 
 Im 100% for 2 rounds right between the eyes for this cunt and bill the pervert lets roll 
 rhetorical skills! you must be a genius and captain of your college debate team.   also so what if I'm a faggot? maybe i'm the biggest faggot on Gab! you still can't maintain your on-line persona for five minutes without giving away your male identity and the fact that you are not liberal. 
 I said You All were retarded faygets.  You included 
 Larry Elders showing how poorly informed Taylor Swift is.       Again she is vetted for singing talent not political acumen. These celebrities think that their fame and fortune give them moral authority to dictate politics. 
 	thank god a smiling nigger detreoit just rebuilt itself 
 Rt @ Nro   The heated battle over Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court has hurt vulnerable Democratic senator Claire McCaskill in her race for reelection.     
 		Maybe, but I try to avoid commenting on personal appearance. That's the looney left's modus operandi. 
 		I fight fire with fire! 
 		I get it. Conservatives have been far too polite for far too long, and there is no winning against the Dems that way.   I just try not to lower myself to their levels *in public*. In private, all bets are off, and the things that come out of my mouth shock even me. 
 		I get it. Conservatives have been far too polite for far too long, and there is no winning against the Dems that way.   I just try not to lower myself to their levels *in public*. In private, all bets are off, and the things that come out of my mouth shock even me. 
    that those shows are you brighter than an 8 year old   then after the show we getting jimmy savile to fuck than annoying cunt   so yes brit fam are so much better 
 Bette is kicked off the plantation. Wait until Candace Owens gets a hold of this 
 	Wait a second! White people can’t even say (literally) the N word anymore? Is it now the word that shall not be named? 
 		 That is why you don’t give a nigger an inch.  The nigger is out there, it cant be bargained with, it cant be reasoned with, it doesn't feel pity or remorse or fear, and it absolutely will not stop.Ever, untill you are dead! 
 	John Brennan the wahabbist traitor made it on Gab guys! 
 		Based on all your rantings, I believe you are the full retard 
 A victory for the Republican party in the midterms will be viewed as an endorsement of the policy of persecuting dissidents. 
 	which dissidents? the establishment is retiring, mccain is dead , giving trump a chance to "reach across the aisle" to democrats is dumb as fuck. so yea, shut up nigger let the white folks handle this 
 	but why are migrants killing jews if they're part of the jews' plan? explain that  
 		Are you a faggot ? 
 Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch.   Stop infighting.    We must unite against our foe. 
 	breaking news to gab Nazi . the war is over and you lost . go back home to Germany . 
 		 
 			Every Fb/Twitter alternative seems to have its racists rampant.why is that?  Fb/Twitter must be the havens of the politically correct.  
 				No, racist is a very common word referring to those who would make distinctions, etc. based on the False, Illogical concept of "race".  There's no such thing, folks.  Refer to science.  
 					Then why are there Dna tests? Why is there affirmative action? Why are there separate Iq tests based upon race?    Jew is a race. Germans knew. 
 						No, "race" is found after many many iterations of Dna sampling to be a false construct.  Sorry, gal.  
 							Nuther Stupid Nigger 
 Leftists are now openly threatening and planning to stalk and attack families of politicians who supported an innocent man. 
 	War Has Been Declared ! Whether You Like It Or Not !   This Is The Height Of Total And Complete Fucking INSANItY Of The Left ! 
 		This little Twat is Tough tweeting from her parents basement!  
 		This little Twat is Tough tweeting from her parents basement!  
     Fuck! Fuck! Noo!   The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America!  Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court!  You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites!  And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
 		Npc Zhee is deleting some of his older posts now.  Bet they didn't age well and they helped  him. 
 		Npc Zhee is deleting some of his older posts now.  Bet they didn't age well and they helped  him. 
 The alt right got me to stop smoking the nigger weed.   between opiates and weed, and big pharma kites want everyone anesthetized. The last thing they want is coherent organized resistance 
 Thanx Mazie.no big deal, just send back   the money and everything will.   you’re not gonna what ? 
 	God awful ugly cunt 
 I keep using 'master' and 'slave' in my engineering drawings. Have been called out on it a few times lol. My response is that using other terms is retarded and I am not retarded lol.  "but the manufacturer does not use master and slave"  "yea well I do" 
 NewsWars  2 hrs    Globalists’ Plan To Use Transgenders To Takeover The World  Alex Jones breaks down the Globalists' sixty year plus plan to confuse the sexuality of men and women worldwide as a means to retard population growth, redefine gender, and control the minds of the masses for>    
 NewsWars  2 hrs    Globalists’ Plan To Use Transgenders To Takeover The World  Alex Jones breaks down the Globalists' sixty year plus plan to confuse the sexuality of men and women worldwide as a means to retard population growth, redefine gender, and control the minds of the masses for>    
 Jack dorksey is a fucking retard & should be fined for fake news!  Tune into Infowars Banned Midterm Election Coverage 8-10 Pm Cst to get the full breakdown.  
 I’m suspicious of this whole Saudi Arabia narrative. While I’m sure the Saudis aren’t saints, I doubt they’re stupid to use hit squads that can be easily tied to them. I’m thinking regime change is in the works. 
 	I just wanna know why Turkey is somehow involved in this and why does Erdogan suddenly give a shit for some Saudi journalist. 
 		 It happened in Turkey, and they’re all playing the caliphate game. Every1wants to be the head raghead when their prophetic events come to pass. Despite all the nonsense about Muslim solidarity, there are huge divisions beyond just the Sunni Shi’a thing. Arabs look down on non Arabs. My suspicion is more about our media’s sudden fixation on story. 
 I'm tellin' you guys. the left is going to get worse.  A lot worse.    I think that a lot of us kind of feel removed from this stuff because it's only happening in cities like Portland or La or Charlottesville. but it's coming to where you live & it'll be here sooner than you think.    Fact is-  Our media feeds their anger & insanity. on purpose.  These people, who are already unhinged- are being told that everyone who isn't a commie is a racist, sexist bigot who's planning on taking away their abortions & kicking off slave plantations.   These people are being fed a steady diet of anti-white anti-conservative propaganda & this is by design. because then you have the next rung in the ladder who steps in & does their part.    Our government & legal system.   If you think they're on your side, you haven't been paying attention.  I do not care how non-racist, kind, God fearing, socially liberal you are. if you are white you will be a target.  You, no matter how much you say otherwise- are an evil white oppressive Nazi.  That's just how it is- and because of this, in most cases it's going to be open season on you, your family, & your property.  The legal system won't help you, the government isn't going to step in & stop groups like Antifa. if they were, they would have already done so.  Instead, they allow them to do what they want.    The left & their little storm trooper organizations like Antifa or Blm feel justified in what they do.  They feel that they have the right to physically attack people or destroy their shit, because, in reality they are.  I can't count how many videos I've seen of police just standing by watching people get beaten with pipes or bike locks or pepper sprayed & then mauled by people.   How many have gotten into legal trouble for these things?  How many have gotten anything other than probation?  Now. how many times have we seen conservatives who were simply defending themselves have their lives ruined?    Of course the left feels justified in attacking you-  the same laws that are applied to you are not applied to them.  Nobody is coming to save us.  No government agency is going to step in & stop this, because, as we've seen from a lot of the Veritas videos & other independent media- our government is absolutely filled with people who don't want you to exist.    We're on our own here, people & the only ones who can fix this or change these things is us.  If we don't & if we don't get serious about doing so- what you see happening in these cities, these attacks on people & property are going to become everyday norms for all of us.    
 	It's pretty bad here in Austin - As I've mentioned here before, I don't dare put out a Cruz lawn sign, since I have cars parked outside that won't fit in the garage.  Any Non-Pc stance here is met with certain vandalism of cars, home, or worse.  So I'll speak out publicly, but not stupidly, and Vote to Drain The Swamp! 
 			Agreed. I too have no signs, no stickers, no nothing. I let my vote do the talking. 
 			Shoot The Fuckers! 
 			Shoot The Fuckers! 
 "I’m not tired of winning.Victory!   Brett  is exactly the right person, at the right time to serve on the Supreme Court. A conservative jurist. A good man with the background and experience worthy of this high honor."   ~      
 	Now that  is gone.   Freedom feels good doesn't it, Lindsey! 
 				Israel loves Trump more than any other country. Shekels are not abandoning the Gop anytime soon.  
 					 
 									The Jews have power no matter which party is in control.    
 									The Jews have power no matter which party is in control.    
 	Sounds like the New World Order is taking shape.  
 	What in the fuck are you talking about? 
 		I think it's pretty self evident. 
 		Yeah, that something happened to result in what you said. But what is that something? I was never too good with Esp. 
 		A combination of things. Unrestricted capitalism, cronyism, governments passing laws that help corporations fuck over consumers, the illuminati, the jews. The root cause wasn't really the point of the post. 
 		You don't own anything, including your body as you are not allowed to determine what you can and can not put into it. Think war on drugs. Also don't pay your property tax for a few years and see how long you "own" your house ;) Nancy is correct. 
 		Warning: Once you start down this road your eyes will spring open and you will wake up. a Libertarian or worse.an Anarchist. Just saying, you have been warned. 
 	can still get some vidya to own, but thats pretty much just limited to whatever you can find on gog.   just imagine the meltdown cunts are gonna have if steam ever decides its not gonna continue operation.    
  
 	Yes, retire, and deport yourself. 
 		Three filthy cunt bags  
 ‘The View’ Hosts Write Off Kanye’s Trump Openness As Mental Illness    
 	I'm not surprised look at who you are talking about.  1 is a faggot, 1 is a nigger whore, 1 is a jap, 1 is a jew whore. 
 If anyone's stupid enough to buy a car from this nigger I got some real jew skin lamp shades to sell ya.  
 When Abbot deposed Thurdbull it was over the left wing lunatics in Libs party and Coal power, so, it has been done again, and That communist Cunt Shortarse better take a note;### Coal is still the 3rd biggest expert earning income you deformed motherfucking Union thief  and a thug 
 When Mex move in and Blast Mariach crap . 
 		No, I'm not a nigger lover like you Antifa faggots. 
 Typical school day, 1959. From Ladybird books. 
 	Oh to return to that, wouldn't that be fabulous!  No more dancing on desks, back talking teachers and throwing fits.  Bowing heads to give glory to God-exactly what's missing today.  How can anyone deny those were better times.   
 		She loves her job and has finally realized that God put her on that path. She had an older sister that was slightly mentally retarded because of lack of oxygen at birth and having a hole in her heart. She passed away in 2005 at 36.   My wife had to look after her sister for years and this gave her the experience she needed for what she is doing now. 
 		She loves her job and has finally realized that God put her on that path. She had an older sister that was slightly mentally retarded because of lack of oxygen at birth and having a hole in her heart. She passed away in 2005 at 36.   My wife had to look after her sister for years and this gave her the experience she needed for what she is doing now. 
 	quit kissin nigger ass, when they raise hell against whites, they get a free pass, like Whoopie Goldburg 
 Do you agree? 
 	A special place in hell? Many retarded perverse christ-insanity fairy tale believers have told me that there will be a special place in hell for me. Others assure me that all of the hell that the kike spook in the sky created is special & it's a dry heat.  Should I be proud to be special or frightened? Better yet I'll laugh at the fools.  
 Not even an hour into looking through gab I am floded with alt-right and Nazi values. Extremely sexist and homophobic comments as well as hella xenophobic shit. The reason most y'all come here is because any other place would judge you, which just so you know to judge someone based on what they say is not anti-free speech. 
 	Whoa. I was noticing the same thing. Is gab a platform for alt right? 
 		Thank you so much! I appreciate the warm welcome and help. I love the free speech, but getting called a tedious cunt for asking the question above, well that was odd, but so as life goes, lol! 
 Rien d'étonnant   Je déteste tou(te)s les blanc(he)s qui pleurent la mort de ce nigger    
 News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
 	andrew, shut up 
 		I'm not a mediocre cunt I just like annoying cunts like you 
 i have dogsitted a chihuaha dog this avo   i looked at it for a while and thought, what on earth were you bred for ?   so i went on the internet, the mexicans bred them for food or to use as a living hot water bottle. 
 		 
 		 
 Good night 
 		Foucault and Derrida were die-hard Right-wingers of a caliber only seen again in thinkers like Sloterdijk or Gans. The canonically approved history of political ideas of the 20th century is nothing but an absurd joke.   (latepoasting, who up  ) 
 			are we just calling all nonliberals right-wing now? 
 				Hey, we did not choose this battle. 
 					reading french homosexuals to own the libs 
 						Unmatched depths of depravity, too. 
 							yes, but enough about liberalism 
 								Derrida was Algerian Sephardi, how it mek u feel? 
 									like making virgin ashkenazim chad sephardic meme 
 									like making virgin ashkenazim chad sephardic meme 
  
 	With liberal tears comes nigger rioting. 
 Antifa harassed and attacked random motorists in Portland, Or last weekend. Watch them scream at this guy and call him a "white supremacist" for having a North Carolina license plate    
 	And the faggot cops do nothing.  
         @2sense                    
 	this shit is rampant.   
 		affirmative action nursing staff. 
 				maybe you should fuck off you nigger apologist 
  
 	 
 		Wtf? Nigger land whale! 
  
 	Lindsey Graham is a little punkass faggot bitch who runs his mouth for his corporate donors.   He's a pathetic loser 
 There was nearly an act of domestic terrorism at Pikeville, but it was on the Antifa side 
 	I like how this faggot is absolutely frothing over you, and he's willing to carry on the most indirect cross-platform "conversation" i've ever seen. but is too gutless to start a gab account and do it directly  you scared edward?  
 Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
 			I've argued much of it, is actually muzzie psy-op to sow division.  We are the Great Dajjal to them.  
 				Wouldn't be surprised if some of these NatSoc accounts are Muhammadans mate. Get them on Twitter too, pushing their Islamo-Marxism. Halal-Kitty is a Muhammadan called Niliyyah Rashhid. Joker is Sameed Dahmi. TellMamaUK is run by an Islamic. 
 Watch: Serena Williams Sings, Goes Topless for Breast Cancer Video | Breitbart    
 	why is this nigger even allowed to be alive? 
 	Is it just me or do you people get more retarded by the day ? 
 Straight people do that too, buddy. Hate to break it to ya. Now is it a bigger problem in the Lgbt community? Yeah. But that’s not unique to us. 
 		The same thing that allows you to be here, allows me to be here as well. It’s called free speech. Ain’t a thing you can do about it. You wanna try to get me off Gab? Be my guest. 
 		The same thing that allows you to be here, allows me to be here as well. It’s called free speech. Ain’t a thing you can do about it. You wanna try to get me off Gab? Be my guest. 
 Rt mattgaetz    Higher taxes and higher crime for Florida; illegal gifts and bribes for .  That’s the story from Tallahassee.     
 	If this socialist retard wins, I will be shocked.then again, watch the lame stream media and he is an angel. 
 390 days after the Las Vegas shooting we know nothing about the shooter's motivations.   Yet people think a casino nigger mailed out fake bombs because he is a magapede.   Where is the skepticism? 
 Look at this jackass, lol   There's still individuals who think that Rv was "credible"      
 	What a fukin faggot 
 disgusting all cos they asked for bacon I would have wrapped him right in the kisser  
 		No one should be buying Kfc simply because they serve halal. Muzzie population is small, that financial hit would cripple them 
 Verbally abusive, unruly, repeated using of the dreaded N-word.   Southwest Airlines had to throw off a Nigger screaming the word like they do a thousand times over and over like retards when they are chimping-out!    Hahahaha! How awkward! ;p    
 Chelsea Clinton Suddenly Earns $6.6 Million in Internet Company Stock  4 Oct 2018  Former presidential daughter Chelsea Clinton has reportedly realized a $6.6 million payday after joining the board of Iac/InterActiveCorp.   RrrriiiiiGhhhhhhhhhT ?   Nothing to See Here Right?   Smh       #Trump2020          #1A #2A                    
 	If you use/buy Iac brands You paid Chelsea $6.66 Million (I added the third 6, funnier that way)    
 		1. Chelsea is a cunt ( I state the obvious) 2. She was a cunt at 15 with braces while daddy gave Lewinsky the cigar. 3. She should not have been off limits to ridicule.  
  
 	So listen up leftistdummies No not every man with a big ol bushy beard is a terrorist Or a fucking muzzie savage. And second, men, there's about 15 health benefits to having a beard. Shaving it off is actually very bad and harmful to your health. 
 	So listen up leftistdummies No not every man with a big ol bushy beard is a terrorist Or a fucking muzzie savage. And second, men, there's about 15 health benefits to having a beard. Shaving it off is actually very bad and harmful to your health. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	"Disassociation" = block button  The majority of Gabbers have already made it clear we don't want a block/censorship button. Every time Andrew has posed that option he got a widely negative reaction from people. Gab is going to start sucking and get super boring once everyone starts blocking each other, limiting interaction and debate. 
 		Comments attached to posts made block necessary.   I had some Christian fucking faggot post Bible verses to every one of my posts. Another parasite with no following attempted to use my posts as signal boost by commenting on all of them. These vermin are not my friends and I don't want their cancer attached to my work. 
 Watching them lose will make me feel really good: 
 	Sean Astin's words sound just like something an Npc would have preprogrammed as topical and interesting dialogue. 
 		Civil War will effect you a lot more in your life time. then GWing will . 
 			Lol at hillbilly predicting civil war since the civil war  
 				ITs already started . Gumby . 
 				ITs already started . Gumby . 
 		Someone who promotes Rick and Morty will never matter. Go back to Reddit and jerk-off over how you don't need women and how Jewish cartoons can fill that void in your life. 
 			way ahead of ya 
 							I never claimed to be a reasoned egalitarian moderate. I'm a troll, it's what I enjoy. You're a good boy though, you respect wimmin, and yet I am not one swearing and losing my shit here. 
 									You didn't make any criticisms, you started spergin out, like a man confident in his conviction would. Im not escaping your weak bantz, I'm telling you they are toothless. 
 What a shit show. Go to wwf if you want to just hug your damn opponent. That isn't fighting. 
 		I live in Tn. Tell me when you get here. I'll give you directions. You'll be killed though. If you think I'm going to let your faggot diseased ass hug on me you're tripping. I will put a hollow point between your eyes. Come on if you have a death wish.  
 cunt may needs to hang. 
 If we aren't getting anything out of this deal anyway, it is Better for things to be quieter. Maybe it would be worth it if the political capital wasn't being spent on things like moving the Us embassy to Jerusalem and pulling out of the Iran deal 
 	No it will get worse. They will double down on their violence because it works. And they want Trump to resign. Mr. Hunter is pandering because he hopes Antifa won't show up at his house. Because he sat out the election & disavowed Trump. He's looking out for his safety rightnow.  
 		I'm pandering to Antifa?   I've been doxing them. I just don't see the point of continuing to get screwed over by the backlash to Trump so that some worthless billionaire who purged everyone I know from social media can get yet another tax cut 
 			Trump will still be Potus in Nov genius. If leftist nut job behavior gets rewarded by them winning in Nov they will certainly double down on it. They want Trump gone & won't fold a winning hand. Just like identity politics got worse after Obama was elected. And those "Doxed" Antifa might have the stones to pay you a visit then. 
 				Please explain to me why I should vote for my Gop congressman who authorized this Fbi Joint Terrorism Task Force witch hunt which specifically exempted Antifa from any blame for being a "mob" in Charlottesville. Let's just start with that issue 
 					Can you provide a link to so facts? Thanks 
 						Not being a faggot conservative loser is obviously part of Brad's agenda, , you fucking little faggot. 
  
 	Democrats Are The Epitome Of Hypocrisy 
 		Let's not forget Mr. Smack-my-bitch-up  and That Faggot "I Am Spartacus!" Mulato  I-write-about-raping-my-little-bitch-girl-at-15-years-of-age-in-my-dairy Booker. 
 Suspect goes on wild attack on white man in Bronx pizzeria: ‘Look at this f***ing white guy!’  
 	They better catch that fucking nigger buck savage.  
 Blumenthal isnt happy.       
 	This fucking puke looks like a sick chicken fucking hillbilly child molester I have no doubt this freak just looking Hom  I get a gut feeling,Burn his house and Spray Graffiti on his car & business office like these rats pukes do to us 
 		Cool story, I see you learned history from the back of a cereal box, like the other white supremacists. 
 			Naturalization Act of 1790 limited citizenship to "white people"    I made 2 points in my previous post to you    > Citizenship was originally restricted to whites   > Founders owned slaves   I'll give you 1 more chance to refute my claims and you'll have to do better than middle school taunts 
 								No, according to you he was fighting for it 
 Anything other than male or female is a retarded gender. 
 A pro-abortion advocate roundhouse kicked a young pro-life woman from in Toronto    
 			Very late-term abortion.  
 				soon enough,  demoKKKrats will be calling for child euthanasia just after they allow pedophilia.  mark my words. 
 Gavin McInnes Trash Talking Ufc's Nik Lentz Isn't Going to End Well    
 		Antfia Soy Boys being led by a Million Faggots. 
 Arrest This Treasonous Pervert 
 	Faggot 
 		Aww you have to go back to spamming because you cant use words like a big boy. Lol 
 				Sure my little dancing monkey. Whatever you say. Lol 
 					I don't mind dancing to you being mad Lol ;)  
 						You can say I'm mad all you like but I'm not. This is funny. I dont even have to do anything and you just spam away. You really are a trained little monkey and don't even know it. 
 							I'm here for you all night honey ;)  
 								I'm sure you will and once you are tired I'll wind you up to dance more. Lmfao Fucking dolt. 
 														Sure I'm just so angry, my little dancing monkey. 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 		and to think we have to put up with all this stupid, lowlife crazy nigger shit! 
 	She's horrible but I give a pass to Squatting Slav since he's on our side. Have you seen his videos? He's pro-white.  
 	She's horrible but I give a pass to Squatting Slav since he's on our side. Have you seen his videos? He's pro-white.  
 another 3 rapists that  is silent about, maybe theyre his mates?   does he have any mates left on the outside? 
 		Walk right in cunt and I will slam the door. 
 Chi Cop Van Dyke Found Guilty Of Second-Degree Murder of Black Teen Laquan McDonald   Now Whites can act like savages & riot, loot stores, burn down structures, batter ppl, etc      
 Chi Cop Van Dyke Found Guilty Of Second-Degree Murder of Black Teen Laquan McDonald   Now Whites can act like savages & riot, loot stores, burn down structures, batter ppl, etc      
 For all the 14th Amd Us subjects of Congress that say the Federal Reserve is unconstitutional, please direct me to the clause in the Federal Constitution (corporate charter) that bars Congress, the legislative branch of Us,inc from creating a central bank?  I can't find it. 
 		A man that knows the truth.   I would add its not retarded for any civil persons that seek to operate in commerce &  Ucc, limited liability, corporate profit, & discharge of debt. For any man operating in natural/common law its retarded, but they don't use it anyway 
 Ex-Dem Latina:    Remember Antifa protester telling at 9/11 Nypd widow "Your Husband Should Fuc*Ing Rot In The Grave"   Well her son found him later   And he didn’t have much to say   In fact he ran like the coward he is!    
 	that's pretty typical of faggot loud mouths 
  
 		promoted by msm why? 
 		Because the msm is jewy and they want to normalize and promote race mixing in order to get rid of White  People  
 		 
 		"Where Them Wite Wimmen Be At?  Lol 
 		"Where Them Wite Wimmen Be At?  Lol 
 Chelsea Clinton mulling political office.  
 	During Obama's term my government gave the clinton foundation tens of millions in donations to get our Pm some time with Hillary and Obama's top ranking people. That is how the Democrats did international trade with small nations. Do not let this little cunt negotiate trade deals for you. She will only do a deal that benefits her own wallet. 
 Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the senate will vote on judge Kavanagh this week putting a firm deadline on the Fbi investigation get ready for the shit to hit the fan and every liberal Third Wave feminist head to explode nationwide. 
 		europe is in course for civil war we all know it,,,i dont have believe lbc obriens bullshit statistics i believe my own eyes and the demographics,,that cunt hasnt seen what i have because he lives in a secure liberal bubble,, 
  
 	Psycho Cunt is lying.she'd have blood running in the streets. 
 		Wait, lol which " faggot fatass jew dick sucking piece of shit" are we talking about? Trump? Jones? Who? 
 ---->watch Chicago's crime problem now be miraculously solved in 48 hours  Jewish Community In Chicago In Shock, Fear After Murder Of Local Leader  We went from extreme happiness to mourning, it’s unbearable.  U N B E A R A B L E   
 	Lol  a nigger did something worthwhile  
 Sorry I wasn’t listening.  
 	  Just another reason I turned off Fox news Another Liberal twat 
 Rt :    Damn these Honduran migrants seem like they really want to come here.    
 	filthy wetback communists 
 Saudi Prince Mohammad Bin Salman being extracted out of the Las Vegas mass shooting one year ago.       
 	what type of drugs r u on these days? that's not Salman by a long shot, kid 
 		hmm, lets see couple of followers, couple of posts, following no one, sounds like a retard and perfect mute candidate 
 That tree is gonna be pissed. 
 	The Trump Tree of Knowledge! :)  
 		Let's go  lover. finish with that nigger dick so I can annihilate you some more. what's wrong? You scared. figures. or was it past you widdle bed-time? Mommy had to tuck you in? Don't ever try to troll me fool - you don't even know how.Lol! 
 Antifa protester is fired from his job after being filmed harassing '9/11 widow' and saying her dead Nypd husband deserved to 'rot in the grave'     Karma. 
 	No,He Doesn't Need A Fuckin Time Out,What Is This Faggot Facebook,Twitter Or Instagram ? Someone Kneecap This MotherFucker,Shatter His Ankle,Stab His Kidney,Something Short Of Death,Just To Fuck Up His Life Completely,He'll Be Depressed,Attempt Suicide,Fail,Become Partially Paralyzed,Need A Colostomy Bag,He'll Die Painfully Of Organ Failure 
 everytime you see a nigger in a car scream they stole your culture. same the same if they have a Tv, tale a train and especially them 300 sows with blonde hair. 
 	Fucking niggers Fucking nigger parents that raised them.Brain shocks at a mental institution  
  
 		I'm surprised they didn't tell you to go away because you're white.  
 		It's the other way around in my town actually. 24,000 population, 98% White. She was the odd one. 
 		It's the other way around in my town actually. 24,000 population, 98% White. She was the odd one. 
 It is truly appalling to me that the unhinged loons among us think this behavior is acceptable in any way. I'm not sure how to approach this to rearrange deranged, no boundary thinking of these libz but we must find a way ~ make it harsh, swift and painful. rather like getting the attention of a jackass. Never in my life have I seen this behavior exhibited toward a First Lady in our country and it cannot be tolerated.   The deranged do this to make their insignificant, dull lives and persons seem to be more than they are, when in reality it proves their emotionally stunted, retarded ignorance and lack of growth. I find Melania to be an amazing woman.       
 In Twitter Jail for 7 days for using the word Retarded lmfao yet they can make comments about peoples death all day on the liberal side Twitter has sure become pussified ]:P 
 	Conservative speech is not tolerated .check out the colleges.communism spawned there 
 	I am so okay with this!  
 	I am so okay with this!  
 	Too bad the Nazis were left wing, genius. I suppose they chose Nsdap as a party name because it looked nice on their letterhead  
 		Typical Moriqua, anti-LaRazza faggot trying so hard to Lie his ass off to Appease the white Neighbourhood! 
 Remembering all the stuff that the politicized Fbi has been guilty of, what kind of solutions and information can we expect as they delve into the fake bombs? I am forever skeptical. 
 	Don't forget that the Fbi was run by a perverted faggot for decades. 
 Oh look it sell out evil Labour cunt ed ball that took top secret files of Uk and gave it all to junker Hitler funded group every thing he should look at up and hanged 
 Feckless cunt Nancy Pelosi has no idea what morality is.   She calls a border wall "immoral" as if twenty million muthah-fuckahs have the right to invade the Us bringing disease and crime along with them.   Hey, Pelosi, you cunt, a wall helps protect Real Americans.   By your moral values, it seems one could back a truck up to your home and load up all of your property. 
  
 	I don't mean this as an insult to gays, but this is the biggest fucking faggot I've ever seen. 
 Israel’s Education Minister Wants Shoot to Kill Policy Against Palestinian Children    
 		The Muslims would be no problem at all if they stayed in their homelands.  But The Jews who control your nations open your borders to the Muzzies after the Jews have the Us invade Muzzie nations.  It's called "Invade & Invite" and it's the Kikes who run it. 
 If this faggot doesn't like America than the faggot can get the fuck out of America. ( angry )     
 Queen at live aid is the best live performance of all time. Fight me Beyonce fans   
 		faggot 
 Did Not See This Coming!  In Nyt Op-Ed, George Soros' Son Blames Trump And "Demonization Of Opponents" For Bomb Packages  Imagine My Shock!   
 	That fucking faggot probably delivered the packages himself  Notice no device exploded  Typical Saul Alinsky tactic by Dems  
  
 		Yep.  They are like a different species.  Zombies 
 		Zombified unconscious gullible morons or polluted thumb drives!  They do not have functioning brains in the least and that is a Fact!  Democrats cannot understand FactS nor can they state a Fact on anything! 
 		Zombified unconscious gullible morons or polluted thumb drives!  They do not have functioning brains in the least and that is a Fact!  Democrats cannot understand FactS nor can they state a Fact on anything! 
  
 	Ackshually it requires a stool sample! 
 		Good thing all that shit keeps flying out of her mouth then. 
 			Indeed, blacks aren't smart but that doesn't mean they are completely stupid. Even a nigger can see what Jews are like.   I agree. I bet she is, just below the surface of the. waters.  I'll show myself out. 
 in my 4th day of twitter ban since i called Zoe Quinn a Retard  totally worth it. would call her retard again! 
 	i was trying to watch some game of thrones and this harpy's film was on and i swear to god it was jut a 'me me me me me me me' bs fest. my god this cunt loves herself. 
 .I need some help with this one:   Am I crazy? Or is something really "off" about this Obama speech?   Watch the crowd and their reactions to his words. It seems to me that they don't match correctly to what he is saying.   Was this digitally enhanced?                                                                                    @studentoflife            
 	Their just all retarded Commiecrats. 
 To Amy Schumer, Alyssa Milano, Rose McGowan and Linda Sarsour   You're all twat, cunt fuck bags that have No understanding of the shit you spew.   Rot in Hades haggs! 
 Israel and her dual minions did 9-11! Sand niggers are not smart enough to wipe their own asses! A retard who insetigate can figure it out in a couple hrs on the net.  
 when you're so ugly your eyelashes jump off your face and take refuge on your glasses 
 	The picture isnt opening for me  So let me guess who  Canadas faggot trudeau ? 
 	Kjv = Perversion Yes.even your pet Bible. Lol. "Yhwh" doesn't mean Lord, "Adonai" does. Jesus didn't lead the church out of the wilderness, Joshua did. "Sabbaton" doesn't mean week, it means "seventh day/Sabbath" The list goes on and on.  Study a parallel format with an interlinear translation. Never trust the king's men. 
 			Guess you didn't notice my profile pic is an American Indian. Lol! 
 						 behind    
 Sen. Collins describes illegal bribes and threats of liberal groups that tried to buy her and it’s jolting    
 	Time to look into that cunt from Alaska, see if she took bribes, or if she's just a man hating closet lesbian. 
 Consider yourself warned, America.  Liberialism is a mental disorder     
 	no there wont you cunt get over it  
 The Long Division   Elvis Costello, Burt Bacharach    
 	Elvis Costello is a rabid Jew Hater like Roger Waters. 
 		Fuck off cunt.  I'm Female.  You're just another racist Jew hater.  Go play with the nazis here you love so much, cunt 
 	Haha 
 	Following hate makes you nuts. It doesn't matter which hate you follow.  It also makes you a follower of Satan. 
 	Following hate makes you nuts. It doesn't matter which hate you follow.  It also makes you a follower of Satan. 
            Mann überfällt Bäckerei   - Maarstraße   - mit Waffe   Mit ausführlicher Beschreibung des Tatverdächtigen  - dunkler Teint  - sehr ungepflegt  etc   Hinweise gesucht    
 	Bäckerei-Überfall durch Nigger ist laut Barley   immer Mundraub  
  is the cowardly lion    
 	  Cressida Dick said that accusing Sir Craig Mackey of cowardice was "confused, unpleasant, personalised and ignorant" and was "simply not supported by the evidence".  But the same nasty dyke calls all white woking calss racist and far right . hypothetical left wing liberal traitors 
 5 0    4 8    
 	I wish this milquetoast faggot would overturn Roe v. Wade. We'll never see it happen.  Still, grats on not letting the screeching cunts on the left ruin this guy's career. 
 This cunt  is from the Simpsons not really he is Lord of the rings Rothschild his family have fro. Year dot has done every evil  this earth as every seen right from Jesus Christ was killed because of this demon family there depopulation all human s part from them these are  the devil  
 Yeah.that's what a faggot looks like!  
 	fuck off faggot 
 Forgot the part about Trump's Doj which has ignored Antifa violence for two years being the ones responsible for this 
 	Violence, censorship and tax cuts sums up the last two years 
 		Crying like a nigger Crying like a nigger Crying like a nigger 
 faggot 
 Life is better barefoot!        
 		Yep, It's quite important to have a bit of common sense. Shame that common sense ain't so common any more, might need to change it to rare sense or "really hard to find sense". People need to be aware that you can still freeze to death in civilized lands, if you are a retard and don't wear appropriate attire. 
 		Yep, It's quite important to have a bit of common sense. Shame that common sense ain't so common any more, might need to change it to rare sense or "really hard to find sense". People need to be aware that you can still freeze to death in civilized lands, if you are a retard and don't wear appropriate attire. 
 Lmfboooooo Ay Which One Of You Did This? :cryingwhilelaughingemoji:                  
 	thanks for list retard 
 Edward Heath Promised Uk Sovereignty When The Uk Joined The Eec       A smug and allegedly blackmailed Heath promises the world? Check out article Fco 30/1048 
 	How many children did he rap and killed and got away with it evil cunt hope he still rotting in he'll  
 These are Not Jews you idiots!   their Muslims my God get it right 
 		Metoo 
 		Metoo 
 Hollywood is full of the mentally ill.  Angry Lesbian Goes Off on Vile, Homophobic Rant Against Us Senator  via  
 		The reason she is a lesbian is no man would touch that.  
 Georgia Baseball Player Dismissed After Allegedly Calling School’s Quarterback A Racial Slur      
 	Make the N-word Nigger again! 
 another weeble   id like the be dyke kyke and oirish that paddy cliché needs to be culled 
 Snoop Dogg Calls Kanye West an ‘Uncle Tom’ for Supporting America First Agenda    Here is another piece of shit that deserves the noose. This garbage human and "entertainers" like him are responsible for "thug culture" in America which unsurprisingly promotes violence, prostitution, real misogyny, degeneracy, and drug use. Scum like this clown are influences on the youth of today. Music has always played a major role in influencing the minds of our children, no style of music has had as big of a negative effect as "hip-hop". The message in the music is as low and disgusting as it gets, and of course, it is very liberal.    
 		Lmao, nice 
 		Lmao, nice 
 Deranged leftist comedian Kathy Griffin played the victim card after she was confronted by a heckler during a show, who asked why she never reported her pedophile brother to authorities.   Report:    
 	Hope some one get him and chop his head of evil cunt monster s 
 As a self-identified goy spic faggot I'm deeply insulted by your erasure of my identity. I need white straight male allies to back me up on this one     
 	You're right, even if a candidate steps up and get elected on a platform of expelling non-whites they'll be met with violent resistance by at least 1/3rd of whites and by the the hundreds of millions of non-whites already in the country. 
 	No doubt that the Illuminati/Jesuit/Jewish controlled system will be hard to defeat, no amount of politics will defeat the Jewish/Illuminati/Jesuit controlled system.  
 	No doubt that the Illuminati/Jesuit/Jewish controlled system will be hard to defeat, no amount of politics will defeat the Jewish/Illuminati/Jesuit controlled system.  
 Chicago officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of murder in shooting of Laquan McDonald:      
 Chicago officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of murder in shooting of Laquan McDonald:      
 						He already knows me, and your point is? 
 								I support Refugees, by pointing out the part where the mass migration lobby is Jewish.    Nice little sperg out there. (((breitbart kike)))  It is your clan who brings the Muslims, even though we don't want them.  own it. Your fellow jews have 
 														Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 Dindu nuffins dindu nuffin but get a shiny medal and fat cash prize. First Obongo and now these two. They should change the name of their shiny du nuffin medal to the Nigger Pandering Prize.  
   Hey Dc, stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Here's the cunt responsible in your neck of the woods Sweden.    
 The rabid Left has no shame, morals, or values.   So act and prepare accordingly.   Be armed always.   Secure your home, businesses, and vehicles.   Protect your privacy online and off.   And anyone that f*cks with your kid's safety and well being you put them in the ground and let the box of twelve decide your fate.             @22TCM         @a   
 	Just looking at that pencil-necked faggot makes my blood boil. 
 	i never seem to know who these clowns are. But now I know who Mayer is. He's a faggot 
 Lmfao I love hitting the no sound button when that nigger pops up. 
 Five caged lions poisoned and mutilated at African game farm.   This is the type of shithole savage that Europeans are so eager to import. 
 		They do the same thing to mountain gorillas, chimpanzees and any other animal they can catch, poison or shoot. The 'traditional healer' shops are full of bits and pieces of animals that are supposed to give you 'powers'. If you want human organs, you need a contact. 
 		They do the same thing to mountain gorillas, chimpanzees and any other animal they can catch, poison or shoot. The 'traditional healer' shops are full of bits and pieces of animals that are supposed to give you 'powers'. If you want human organs, you need a contact. 
 Deep State Tech Crushing Free Speech  
 		Rich Techies Bought Obama for 8 yrs.  Check out these faces of Commie Socialism.  Never allow them power as they abuse the privilege  
 			That Picture depicts what people should frear! Combined with the criminal elements within our government. The hrydra has a lot of freaking heads! 
 			There are only 2 good kinds of communists.  1: A Dead one.  ORrrr.  2: A  one. 
 			There are only 2 good kinds of communists.  1: A Dead one.  ORrrr.  2: A  one. 
 Wth? Evil Idiot Mazie Hirono Says Kavanaugh Did Not have Anyone to Corroborate His Story But Christine Ford Did (Video)    
 	Mazie is Not an American. She’s a pinko Island  nigger 
 	I'd like to see George Soros and his family killed first. Americans killing Americans is what that faggot wants to see. Kill him first and then start the Civil War  
 One old dyke in charge.what could go wrong?  
 Gifts will be brought by  Claus wearing a butt plug.     
 		Hope they're highly flammable for those flaming faggots.  
 With the new movie "Bohemian Rhapsody" I got to know about Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of the British band "Queen" and one of the greatest vocalists of all time.   The fact that he was and continues to be admired by millions of people all over the world , in spite of not being white or straight , shows how ultimately such differences do not really matter. 
 		No, not well, he was sick from being such a filthy faggot and now dead. 
 What you need to call ya boyfriend into this? I don't give a fuck what he has to say or you. 
 		I remember when trolling was a true art form, and not this debased, eternal teenager bullshit. 
 		I remember when trolling was a true art form, and not this debased, eternal teenager bullshit. 
 		Gun toting scum must be eradicated in the Uk by any means  
 				Mad Dog Merkle and Eu rules  
 				Open borders equal suicide  
 				 
 					Come on now be honest.    Who let them in ?    Enoch Powell certainly didn’t.   He warned you dummies of all this ! 
 						 
 		No word on the 'armed policeman' marksmanship, against that shooter on a pedal-bike.   :-|   
  Need to check your wood pile, your wife is a nigger whore dummy 
 Drone looking at the big beautiful wall going up.     
 	lol so stupid all Mexicans have to do is fly to Canada and walk across or here's an idea perhaps a ladder or dig under it lol Americans are so stupid, think of all the help that money could do for the poor or your desperately needed education system or crumbling infrastructure.  
 		Bret here is another wonderful fact, America rates 38th in world literacy that means that the average American is about as bright as a child in a remote village in the Congo. You have no argument you're a fucking retard  
 Breaking News:  All Trump Supporters Will Be Rounded Up In Exactly 6 Months.  Enjoy Your Freedom While You Can 
 	Molon Labe sweet cheeks.  
 		You stupid ugly pig.  You're only 30% of the population, and only 2% of you lowlife Trash even have the balls to do it.  You will pay dearly for supporting such a worthless orange sand nigger 
 Hurricane Michael: Alcohol ban lifted in Panama City, Bay County   >> Wtf? There is a disaster and the govt suspends the sale of alcohol? What kind of bureaucratic asshattery is this ?    
 	Trust me here: you want a redneck (like me) with a small buzz on as opposed to a sober, bat-shit crazed, skeeter-bitten, P.O.'ed at dotGOV and Fema for the wrath that Micheal wrought. Folks git cranky that way. 
 	Trust me here: you want a redneck (like me) with a small buzz on as opposed to a sober, bat-shit crazed, skeeter-bitten, P.O.'ed at dotGOV and Fema for the wrath that Micheal wrought. Folks git cranky that way. 
 He got beaten as thoroughly as a fighter could be beaten in an Mma match -- out-struck, out-grappled, knocked down, pounded and submitted. And the delusional little primadonna has the nerve to feel entitled to a rematch. Ask yourself, if Nurmagomedov had lost and asked for a rematch, do you think Conor McGregor would do anything other than laugh?    
 	I hope the potato nigger gets his rematch, and gets his ass beaten into retirement. 
 so , you have bombs in your vehicle to mail and you drive around in a van that draws mass attention.  lol, lol, lol, fucking stupid dimocraps, just fucking stupid. your bomb plot failed miserably. 
 		go fuck yourself cunt 
 lets take it back and forward from one stick being broken, the bunch being harder to break in a bundle, but yeah this german etymology seemed like the original etymology about this faggot ghoul folk law, had a ton of interesting information. 
 	I have more empathy for cockroaches than I do the Marxist filth. Best part is some cunt attacking someone and getting her shit handed to her and her howls of outrage and wonder that life came at her fast.  
 	Most of "hate crimes" are hoaxes used to gain compassion. 
 	Most of "hate crimes" are hoaxes used to gain compassion. 
 Taylor Swift breaks silence on politics, supports Dems.  
 	Nigger loving whore. 
 	Nobody i know of wanted to run against him. I would have loved to , but no money annd no backing. He is not trustworthy at all, i hate his guts. 
 	I think he was freed from blackmail when Mccain went down 
 		That's an interesting thought. 
 		I agree! There is a Yuge change among many on the right, now that McCain is out of the picture.  
 	Because these people here in Sc like being represented by a self interested fudgepacker. 
 Oh noes! Linda SourPants is upset about Kavanaugh.   
 	This Muslim Cunt needs to go to her homelands to see if she lives to see tomorrow! 
 	its people like this stupid cunt that keep racism alive and kicking when you spew hate toward any race they will in turn spew it toward yours  before the shit stain of humanity obama the Us had almost destroyed racism it was all but dead then after 8 years of encouraging retards like this whore to spew hate its back and stronger then its been since the 50s 
 	its people like this stupid cunt that keep racism alive and kicking when you spew hate toward any race they will in turn spew it toward yours  before the shit stain of humanity obama the Us had almost destroyed racism it was all but dead then after 8 years of encouraging retards like this whore to spew hate its back and stronger then its been since the 50s 
  post No. 2306.         delivers his stance on the . At [9:00] into the video he is saying that the time for obstruction has come to a close &  must be voted on.             
 	           #Q    Fuck Benjamin Suck Faggot. The only reason Dems are obstructing Kavanaugh is for purely political reasons. The fact that a loser like him can't see through the lies of the Left is proof that we need faggot liberals like him shot. 
 			Ashkenazi is a bullshit term invented by leftists.  I reject it.  There are American Jews and Jews not American  
 				"Everything I hate is a Leftist!"   Fuck off. No it wasn't invented by leftists, it's what they call themselves.       There are several kinds of Jews, but they all have links to the Middle Eastern Jews. 
 						No.  I am not a covert.  I am a Jew.  Got the Jew Iq which is great,  but sadly the good for nothing Jew penis too. Not as bad as a Chinaman fortunately  
 "with the first woman saying she bathed and assisted him 30 times."   After the third time you have to notice he's not retarded and secretly enjoy it the following 27 ones. 
 "with the first woman saying she bathed and assisted him 30 times."   After the third time you have to notice he's not retarded and secretly enjoy it the following 27 ones. 
 So Sad, Alexa Play Despacito     
 	Only a nigger would fuck her 
  
 	This Twat Looks Like Every Picture You Would See Of An Alien 10 Yrs Ago. His Only Problem Is He Keeps Saying "Take Me Too SOMe Peter." Instead Of Leader.  
  
 	Fuck U In The Neck U Evil muslim  Nigger     God Is GOInG To Destroy THIs Evil Serpent 
 Serious question: Why is it all the loudest optics cucks never criticize Trump's foul language, womanizing, off the cuff remarks, socialist style language about defending working people, and other things they nag about?     If only Trump had more optics cucks running his campaign in 2016, he could've lost and become irrelevant too. 
 	This is relative to what normie conservatives find acceptable. It is a mixture of being in the normie mindset and desire to appeal to normies.   We need to break the conditioning. 
 		If you call ordinary people in your community "normies", maybe you're the off putting and abnormal one.     You get more of a sense for normal people's aspirations and interests by going outside and talking to them, instead of sitting around plotting on how to trick them with Pinky and the Brain on the internet. 
 			Come on striker don't be a dick. You know exactly what I'm saying.  
 				I would not be angered as much when I ,the messenger, was blamed as I confronted freaks before I had pictures, videos etc., now when blamed for a stupid nigger body slamming an innocent white kid half the niggers age and size and being blamed for the blood spewing forth, I know these are not my folk 
 Der Siegaue-Vergewaltiger aus Ghana hat nun eine mildere Strafe bekommen.   
 	Ich möchte auf diese Richter kotzen und scheißen. Gerade so wie sie es auf die Opfer tun. Wenn der Nigger rauskommt hoffe ich das jemand auf ihn wartet. Ich bin so voller Hass auf diese kriminellen Subjekte, die keinerlei Nutzen für die Menschheit bringen.  
 		Genau abwarten bis er raus kommt, und ein guten Moment abwarten. 
 		Genau abwarten bis er raus kommt, und ein guten Moment abwarten. 
  
 	Duplicity at its peak. He calls for violence against gun owners, but when he is not protected he says it's unfair. Hogg is a mentally retarded instrument being played by leftist handlers. 
 imagine being so fucking retarded you think you can shame a man for getting a blowjob. especially in the fucking white house of all places. 
     I don't think Fox wants her back.   Why would they? 
 		Shes worth 69 million and has no job.  And I'm supposed to feel bad for her why?  Full time job, work a lot, and I might be able to scrape enough together to take a trip to my back yard for a vacation - yet she's drowning in money and muslims are pouring across our border getting handed 4k a month in benefits and cash.  Boo fn hoo.  
 		 
 		 
 Democrats.  Do as I say not as I do.  Over and over and over again. 
 	he is a racist fuckin nigger 
 Anti-Kavanaugh protesters backed by George Soros funding:  via  
 	Wondered how long it would take the old cunt to stick his nose in. 
 	Wondered how long it would take the old cunt to stick his nose in. 
 "Manliness is rooted to a   man’s beard and his balls.   Yet we are living in a day   where factions are cutting   them both off."  
 	Today, for me, a beard means fuzzie muzzie or convert to muzzieness.  Just sayin'. I am sure I'm not the only one. 
  
 	And my nickname is Spartacus.behind my back republicans call me nigger 
 Where'S Megan? Megyn Kelly is absent from her Nbc morning show with questions swirling about whether her time at the network is coming to an end following this week's controversy over her comments about blackface - Ap 
 	this isn't breaking news, this is fucking retarded 
 The thought of Brett Kavanaugh holding his hand over his my mouth while he rapes me.  It makes me so Wet! 
 	its just as much of a dream as the false accusation Ford made was the pathetic demo Rats are pissed because they couldn't stack the supreme court and remove all constitutional protections from the people including retarded useful idiots like you who support them! 
 Are you a Nazi?   This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab.             
 	I honestly have no idea what constitutes as a "Nazi" any more.  The left say the MAGAs are "Nazis" and the MAGAs say the left are "Nazis" sooo is everyone a nazi? I think Bigfoot is a Nazi. He's also Scarlet Pimpernel. 
 		So you're an idiot then!   What The Media And The Left Says Is Irrelevant. Wake The Fuck Up! :roll:             
 			Hahaha!    Wow what a reaction! You must be a Nazi 
 					National socialists* ( let's stick to the facts) as far as I know  most all are pro Trump but are critical of him in the places that need to be criticized 
 						Nope, socialists (demonrats and Nazi) are both anti-Trump losers.   Wake The Fuck Up!             
 							Then your an Mpc retard I'm afraid, they are totally opposite from each other.  
  
 	When someone watches the movie "Junior" starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, but they are too retarded to distinguish fact from fiction. Because of their retardations, they start believing it's not a movie but a documentary based on real life events.  
    For the first time ever, my right to speak as a black conservative is being Denied at  in Chicago by Vp Rico Tyler. He has referred to my words as violent language.   Black People Do Not Have To Be Democrats is not violent language.   Depaul is enslaving black minds.   10:07 Am - 9 Oct 2018 
 	Anybody who follows this nigger is a coward and a fool 
 Like anyone left watching the Nfl would want to see her anyway.    
 	holy moly what a surprise shes a nigger lover! 
  
 				 
 				Makes me so happy. These hail mary attempts by baby dick eaters n their golem to stop the inevitable train that is coming. No 1 loves shitler. We love America n hate the (((ppl))) tryin to destroy it. Keep pushing guys. It’s gon b fun 
 Having said that, the cowardly cunt that hit Conor from behind should get a lifetime ban. Disgraceful behaviour. Surprised Conor didn’t press charges. 
 	Every day it takes you to realize the current fake Q=Soros, your Iq score goes down.   And we're already at room temperature. 
 		Why do you give a shit about who follows Qanon or not?  What’s your crusade? 
 			Because Q/Soros will tell the glassy eyed zombies to do something horrific in President Trump's name, and 10% of them will do it. 
 					And to keep Soros/Q from filling the House and Senate with Democrats and impeaching the President.   Not complicated, honest, you can do it. 
 						So, according to your theory, Q is Soros and Q (Soros) is dropping intelligence exposing all the deep state corruption that has taken place over decades, supports Trump, and has the deep state in full retreat while at the same time Soros (Q) is also funding Blm, Antifa, and anything anti-Trump?  Got it! 
 							Q/Soros isn't exposing anything. About all it's doing is saying everything is under control, no need to get all excited about voting.   As it plans the Big One. 
 								Are more people aware of the corruption that is, and has been, pervasive in our government since Qanon began dropping or are fewer aware?  Has Qanon done more to wake people up or has he/she been a phenomenon to keep people asleep? 
 														Paesur I'm getting more likes than you. How is a perfetic retarded person doing this. Progress is shocking. Try again.  
 words cant say on Twitter?  nigger youtube?  same nigger! facebook nigger! Wtf its just a word ! you niggers need get together and own this ! like it dont mean shit! but slavery is still here from Democrats why you still believe!Lmfao  dumbducks!   
 	Notice how he's not posting as much.  changed his name to . And that's because tracking his gab Id is now possible. Can't hide anymore GabId401052  He wanted to hide. Not happening anymore. 
 		Was the little cunt under Torbas' desk when you found it?  . I'll bet it was. 
 		 
 		ahh, so he borrows Moochelle's strap-on in public. makes sense. 
 		Moochelle has a real Schlonger. First Black Man with Tiddies forever Tranny DemonCrap  
 		Moochelle has a real Schlonger. First Black Man with Tiddies forever Tranny DemonCrap  
 We are some crazy for truth motherfuckers. Relax. Be real. Be honest. Or Bitches like me will  see you as some shilly twat and mute/force unfollow you. Be real. Be true, Be logical. 
 who ever believes that Trump isn't a decent person is absolutely retarded  they say all sorts awful things about him and yet not a single bit has been verified as real it's so sad to see how poorly they handled the last two years  .    ys 
 Just chew on that for a minute.   You go to Trump rallies in California to protect Trump supporters from getting beat up by Antifa. The Trump Doj does nothing about the problem, but prosecutes you for inciting riots! 
 	It has been open season on Trump supporters since Day One at the inauguration.    I was there in Dc. I saw them rioting and 2 years later not a single one of those people have anything to worry about from Jeff Sessions and the inept Doj. It has been worse in California than anywhere else   Moral of the story: stay the fuck out of it 
 		To prosecutor cunt Cullen, the commies starting all the political violence are just "folks who take the opposite view".  It's crystal clear that the antifa scum have a free pass to attack Whites. They're doing what (((the System))) wants.   The jewS gummint still has the power to oppress, but itz lost all legitimacy. They're tyrants now. Nothing more.   
 Best Of Black Conservatives:  
 	Great video!  Don lemon always the nigger of hate. 
 Adl's Hate Symbols In Reverse    
 		 
 		 
 		Actually, his post was coherent, and made a good point. Your kike nigger bullshit was typical kike nonsense, complete with a reference to necrophilia. Filthy kikes just can't help mentioning sexual perversion no matter what the subject being discussed. 
  Heelturn: Horatius At The Bridge with Eric Striker and PAtRICK Casey of Identity Europa  ((( Live ))) 
 		Idvntvtv Evrvpv 
 		Idvntvtv Evrvpv 
 	Imagine trying to look for the stock photo. "Conservative looking mixed race couples" hahahahahaha. Must have been difficult   
 An Islamic woman running for Keith Ellison's seat in Congress is facing charges that she Married Her Own BROTHer. This is the Democrat Party, folks. Smh     
 		I Know, Right? 
 		I Know, Right? 
 I mean frankly I view her as being the most dishonest Prime Minister I have ever seen    
 	Take red box s to her ask her to open it so boxing glove comes out and upper cut the cunt right out bang what shoot slag 
 I only rarely come on Sm now, but I don't get why the retard right thinks a nuclear engineer has all the secrets of the government.  Someone will have to explain that to me sometime.    
 Extremely Important!   Robert Bowers did have a Twitter account too.  So they can't single out Gab.   r1es  37s38 seconds agoMore  Boy, Robert Bowers Twitter () was quickly erased. Hope his  account history is saved. 
 		can we bust Zuckerberg for all the facebook shooters? 
 		Yes 
 		Yes 
 2 Men Charged With Raping 9-Month-Old, Recording Act On Cell Phone -      
 	the Nigger is not a civilized man 
     The Daily Express no longer allow any comments on wog Gina Miller. She is now above criticism or scrutiny. 
 	They don't allow comments about that odious twat Miller because they are terrified of the comments the readers will make! 
  
 	Hell No! 
 		this cunt needs hanged to death  
 What an absolutely moronic thread by JimJesus    I'm sorry, but this is just so bad I have to respond to it.   
 	2. Ford never mentioned Kavanaugh by name, only that she'd been assaulted.  Also, that's not my screenshot and it was never saved to anyone's hard drive. How many times does this retarded "Eso Solicited Cp" bullshit need to be debunked before you get it through your thick potato skull that you have nothing? 
 		Jim, you have no fucking idea how God Damn ridiculous you look still peddling this nonsense. Even the originators of the screenshots are now on record saying there's nothing here. 
 		I know you have some Autistic vendetta against me, and that's fine. But willingly lying about someone in order to defame them because you're not intelligent enough to debate them is unacceptable 
 	She's gonna have a hard time paying all that back doing Donkey Shows in Boys Town. 
 		 
 		What?  I'm not the Only one thinking that. Cmon, Man! 
 		We all were 
 		 
 		I'm just the only one with cajones enough to say it. but I'll still keep them away from Horseface 
 		I'm not into porn but Imo, her "show" days are over. 
 		 
 		That's what I'm saying.  she'll be doing Donkey Shows to pay it back No one wants to see that skank doing the nasty! 
 The left is a disgrace. 
 	That's not a political party that's a circus. 
 		Hitler Was Right 
 			. That is  you are talking to. Not me! Plz stop calling me a faggot Nazi.  
 			. That is  you are talking to. Not me! Plz stop calling me a faggot Nazi.  
 Rt :    Senator Susan Collins is the mother & grandmother of white women in America who gave us a Donald Trump presidency. The 53%.   She is a disgrace & her legacy will be that she was a traitor to women and marginalized communities. History will not treat her kindly.  
 		Because Democrats need those Muzzie votes no matter how many actual Americans have to be blown up in the process. 
 If Biden only got 1% when he ran for Presidency, what do you think stupid nigger Booker will get?   I will place my odds at 0.01%  Potus will steam roll right over him about 100 times making him flatter than a paper brownie . 
 Can I fetch anyone a Midol? 
 	This vile cunt must be exterminated. 
 Flake is now back tracking. He is going to probably vote no on Kavanaugh.    
 	the dirty rat should be taken down by the Gop! I mean destroyed! accuse him of gang rape.or something. those stupid fuckers in Arizona must have their shit4brains heads buried in the sand! stupidest bastards in the Usa Arizona dumb hicks. 
 		he's a sissy faggot punk ass rat.lolo 
 3 E-thots vs 6 Gorillion 
 	Big time. "We mixed humor and racism, and kids were hooked right in." 
 		Racism is still edgy. It'll be sad when it eventually become bland and boring like piercings or tattoos. 
 			Being able to say nigger and no one bats a eye? Vs saying nigger in 11?  Idk I call that a tangible gain that is now locked in. Hatred only grows, it never shrinks. 
  You made it on Cnn.    
 	These fucks actually showed a picture of a nigger proud boy and called them white supremacist. Its time to surround that building in Atlanta. 
 	Dogshit muted 
 	Dogshit muted 
      Communist rebels destabilize the Philippines: Gov threatens to shoot them in the Vagina 
 	Indonesia effectively cleaned out the communists in 65-66.  Duterte is a sly fox--no telling what he's going to do next. 
 		Of course ,only retarded peole tell what they are going to do next 
 How different the world would be if war was fought this way!  . Thought for Today. Hugs                          #1A #2A  
 	 
 		Well since we have a fucking retard fro a President, I guess that's out. He does not know how to tell the truth. 
 	Ok.not exactly Seminola but delusional. Like Pocahontas Warren 
 	Ok.not exactly Seminola but delusional. Like Pocahontas Warren 
 	No Shit. Then call the pizza place to have Nigger spit Pizza.irate Irishman incogman Stormfront Council of conservative citizens, chimpmania radio Dr. David Duke .Paul Kersey, Grandpa lampshade, Emily Anderson. Thank you. 
 Well done Anglin style irony bro-ism.  So we treasure history and can't comprehend even the most basic level of nuance.  Are all millennials, triggered entitled daddy issue faggot antifa, by the same reasoning?  Just like any other color of nigger, if you hate them so bad, move out of their fucking basement and grow your own dick.  Stay clear of them. win-win. 
 I didn't know that being a hetero white guy.who believed in family.and having kids with a woman.was a bad thing.   Until faggot feminist black jew lesbian muslims told me it was. 
 muzzie shitholes need to have a face to face with a nuclear bomb. 
 Jamie Lee Curtis Shocks Her Fans, Reveals She Struggled With This Harrowing Addiction      
 	Die cunt  
 Hmmm.what happened to the retard who had posted to me saying "Jews are white"? I can't find his post anymore. Maybe others already set him straight. 
  
 	Tag me when the ass monkey apologists start commenting their Q Anon shit. 
 		Q is a retard psyop, you subversive asshole  
 Icing on the cake, gets home, goes to jew store to buy vape juice, then makes podcast frantic that people aren't sending enough money.  Money for what, bitch?  You can mow my lawn for $10, or get a job.  Nigger life choices is not within the 14 Words true White people's community, much less their wallets. 
  
 	half-nigger faggot 
  
 	. 
 		Christianity is dying all over Europe, and you can't do anything about that. 
 			2 billion christians in Europe silly bollox.  How many pagans.  Apart from hindus? 
 					You ate a jew just attacking christians with paganism.  Europe is christian and will remain so.  There will never be an pagan europe 
 							You no good cunt fck off 
 New video: This transactivist bullying has to stop.      
 	fuck off you rancid old cunt 
 Whoever walks around saying that traditionally women never worked is completely inept regarding history. Women worked as hard as men, generally doing different things. 
 	Yeah.no they didn't 
 		<sigh> Women never worked as hard as men, Men have always done the most demanding, dirtiest and dangerous jobs. Every time some feminist retard comes along and comes out with bullshit statements like "Being a stay at home mom is the hardest job in the world" and other such garbage, I literally sick up in my mouth. 
 Lily Lithium aka Liv Lago is/was friends with our buddy John Carico on Facebook    
 	As I looked through her Facebook, I noticed it was archived. It was set to "Remembering Liv Lago."   That's because Lily Lago of Dahlonega, Ga died at 22 last May:    
 		Who is this cunt and why should I care  
 Yeah and people are applauded in colleges for bashing white men but if you call a cunt a cunt, a nig a nig, a spic a spic, an aftershave chugging redskin an aftershave chugging redskin, a dog eating gook a dog eating gook, or a lampshade a lampshade you're the bad guy. Fuck those faggots 
 Music-related, or else I wouldn't post these tidbits:    - Bohemian Rhapsody is a great movie, & I'm a massive Queen fan with a few connections to the band;   - 3 out of 5 members of the Nwocr band Inglorious have quit today. 
 		Faggot yourself darling; I'm happily married with 2 kids. 
 Macron living it up with a convicted robber in the Caribbean yesterday! Imagine the derangement of the left if that were Trump? 
 	Macron thinks black men like white leaders. What a twat Macron is   
 Try asphalt playgrounds. 
 		 
 		 
 Protesters lined the streets of Chicago after a jury found officer Jason Van Dyke guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laquan McDonald.   
 Protesters lined the streets of Chicago after a jury found officer Jason Van Dyke guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laquan McDonald.   
  
 	this is the Only possible response 
 		Such bullshit. He should be teaching seminars on how exactly to kill muzzie shithead rapists with your bare hands.   Any good lawyer should be able to plea temporary insanity, blind rage.  
 Graham: If Saudi Arabia Killed Jamal Khashoggi, It Will 'Destroy' Relationship With Us  
 	Graham instantly back to being a stupid faggot and not agreeing that killing journalists is always justified. 
 	Bob is white? I thought he was 1/1024th Aztec  
 		Which is .00964 Lol! 
 		 
 	Yeah 
 	Yeah 
  
 	"Must".    Nope. 
 		willie brown's ex is a dumbshit nigger. screw her and ignore everything this moron twat says 
 Serious question. Why are Jewish groups using their trucks to transport invaders to our border? "Because you're antisemitic" is not an answer. Let's be adults about this. Who is funding this?  
 	 
 		why are you singling out one particular group of people for exposure , when we both know lefty Jews do not represent Judaism as a whole ? ( maybe you're just a paranoid racist  ? ) 
 			They don't?  Really? 
 				some do , most don't  
 					No shit. That's exactly the problem. "Nationalism and traditionalism for us in our homeland, faggotry and infinity nigger invasion for you in your homeland goys." Meanwhile Israel leeches White Gentile money like we owe them. Fuck you rodent parasites. 
 First time on Gab.  Found it cause I just got another 7 day Twitter time out for calling Andrea Mitchell a bimbo.  They suspended me for hate speech within about 5 seconds of the tweet. 
 		 
 		 
 	faggot 
 	faggot 
 Also say, none of us; bc if it we're, the one sent to Ag holder return address would have read branch dividians @ Waco.   Too bad he isn't dead. If I had my way, I'd roast that nigger on a spit. 
 (((Kagan))) is scared that the credibility of the Scotus is at risk if Kavanaugh is confirmed. I hope she has a fit and wants to resign too.    
 		Let Israel stand on its own two feet  and risk their own boys in combat,then maybe I will stand with them 
 		Let Israel stand on its own two feet  and risk their own boys in combat,then maybe I will stand with them 
 Rt :    Sarah Sanders: We condemn the attempted violent attacks recently made against President Obama, President Clinton, Secretary Clinton, and other public figures. These terrorizing acts are despicable, and anyone responsible will be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law. 
 	No one wants this crap happening. 
 		Daily Caller is a bunch of pedophiles. 
 			Ah . So . 
 					Well,. not the last time I checked,.no. 
 						just the time before, but not the last 
 							Hey Clarence,        Remember the cross eyed lion ? 
 								fuck you and die asshole 
 								fuck you and die asshole 
 Myley Cyrus is a no holes barred slut.    Sorry little whore, go be slutty somewhere else.   Nobody here respects you. 
 	She's like the arch entrance to a theme park 
 			You can see the brown discoloration that suggests its more roast beef than pink taco 
 				Lmmfao   Lmmfao    Lmmfao 
 			Reckon it's been blackened? I wouldn't be surprised & this is what 8 - 12 yr olds listen too until their recently separated mums start bring the blacks home. That's when girls start drinking & smoking weed listening to rap, dating blacks  while there fathers a left wondering what happened    
 				Poor girls. :( 
 					You have to be insensitive to not be embarrassed in front of someone else even if she's a friend & that's your mother - thick skinned is a good thing for bad examples. They'll probably end up the same way judging by the responsive behaviour 
 			Wtf Lolol0. that is rather disgusting. like I said that's probably how she got herps. 
 			Betty rottencrotch 
 			She's inviting but nobody's coming. 
 			she needs to wash that it's dirty and you f'n see it's dirty Omfg 
 			If she had as many pricks sticking out of her as she's had stuck in her, she'd look like a porcupine.  And thank God that's not a scratch 'n' sniff. 
 			her absurd antics on stage are merely an effort to compensate for lack any real talent 
 			Tmi people.  
 				 
 			I think she needs some of this new product. 
 			I think she needs some of this new product. 
 More evidence that Trump's Judas goats have totally infiltrated the Democrats.    General Michael Hayden is a former Cia and Nsa director.    He decided to be a smartass and take issue with Trump's factual tweet.    And then Hayden was genuinely shocked by the response. This former Cia and Nsa director Is Unable To Read The Public Mood. He is so obtuse and oblivious that he could not anticipate the rage that average Americans feel at being screwed by leftists.    Someone told Hayden to get in on the act.     "Fight fire with fire! Go on Twitter and be snarky! This is what wins elections!"    Hayden is too Stupid to perceive what was said a long time ago:    Trump's supporters take him seriously but not literally, while Trump's opponents take him literally but not seriously. Trump has mastered social media. It's a Very specialized skill.    Hayden Honestly thought that he could arrogantly tell Americans to sit down, shut up, and accept open borders and caravans of illegals. He is Stunned that the American public is no longer enslaved by the elites.    This Clown is one of the many reasons that the Us floundered for so long. He looks to others for advice.    The people he looks to for advice are Clandestine Trump Agents. Trump hires ToNS of spooks. Of all the people Michael Flynn put into place, only One had been photographed. All those people retained their Ts/Sci (Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information) security clearances after Flynn resigned.    I call them the Leak Killers. Although their names are open source, I never repeat them. TheY are the reason the Trump administration has not been crippled by intelligence leaks. The recent leaks are penny ante, and my guess is the leakers were set up.    George W. Bush and Obama suffered from leaks that blew massive intelligence operations. The leaks severely damaged our ability to fight terrorism.    Trump has suffered no such leaks. He and Flynn Planned THIs. The Leak Killers were hired, given their Ts/Sci security clearances, and then put out of sight in the vast federal bureaucracy. They ruthlessly police the Intelligence Community, making sure that nobody spills the beans about the important stuff.    Michael Hayden is a buffoon who has no idea how Americans think and feel.    He was therefore easily tricked into shooting himself in both feet.    This is happening daily. The Democrats are Doomed. 
 	Twat pure and simple. Hold on - a lot of twats appointed by Obama (or was that Citibank?) 
 Ayo Hol Up, Das Da Pussy Ass Whiteboi Who Voted For Trump, Get His Ass   what do? 
 	Roll up into a ball, insert buttplug, and mew softly -G. McInnes 
 			Hey so here's the interesting thing about that.   It doesn't appear that any Proud Boys have been stupid enough to turn themselves in on Gavin's orders.    They've arrested three more guys- who didn't turn themselves in.   That fundraiser Gavin created concerns me. I assume he's stealing the money.       
 				He's trying to avoid a rico charge since he said he created the proud boys as a violent street gang back when he was trying to be edgy 
 					He's a faggot little bitch. 
 Not even an hour into looking through gab I am floded with alt-right and Nazi values. Extremely sexist and homophobic comments as well as hella xenophobic shit. The reason most y'all come here is because any other place would judge you, which just so you know to judge someone based on what they say is not anti-free speech. 
 	When i read this i honestly thought it was a twitter liberal coming to wag their finger at us. So ill say this, nobody cares faggot get your shit together and stoo bitching or go be a faggot on Twitter. 
 Who let this retard in? 
 So many tears. Lol! 
 	Another faggot 
 Her name is Samantha Ness. She's a grade school teacher in Minnesota. Her school director can be contacted at (651) 423-8100. 
 		  This is where she works.  Have at it. 
 		freak who draws in her crazy ass eye brows.  
 		did she steal Grouch Marx's eyebrow's? if so, she need's his greasepaint mustache to complete the look. 
 		That's an "eyebrow"raiser!  
 		That's an "eyebrow"raiser!  
 This evil cunt is public enemy #1 and is obumphuque's leash holder.  She is the fucking scum of the universe--and Rosanne was right: If planet of the apes and the ayatollah had a baby it Would be this pus-oozing gash.    
  
 	aint that ignorant cunt who fucks and drinks dog piss? Nasty ass bitch       
 lol this story is bullshit. It's pretty obvious.  
 	why? 
 			that's assumptive. To heck with the Middle East. They've been fighting and murdering each other since forever. How about what's going on in Europe? I take it you are fine with the 'Religion of Peace' doctrine? No problem there? No Muslim rape gangs, no skyrocketing crime? No assaults on culture? No problem? No crisis in Welfare benefits? No crisis in housing? No crisis in health care, with a tsunami of illiterate, unskilled, fast-breeding parasites?   I guess that must also be 'Pentagon propaganda'?   Where did you achieve this degree in History that you seem so proud of? 
 				Lol yes most of that has been bullshit. They bring in a bunch of people, which I agree shouldn’t happen, but then create the hoax that they’re forming rape gangs. Since you have no power to stop immigration the next best thing is martial law to stop them. Which is exactly what’s happening in Sweden. It’s all a ploy to get you to advocate for military on the street. Same thing in Chicago. 
 					What the fuck is wrong with you, you retarded simpleton It's in sharia motherfucker, infidel women are fair game for rape.furthermore jihad authorises musslims to sell drugs to the infidels, lie to infidels, grab whatever the infidels own. It's a cult similar to MS13, the NAZIs, and drug cartels.perhaps even worse 
 	>Fly Emirate That not so subtle ad placement. A tool, indeed.  
 	He's literally a walking advertisement. A tool, indeed. 
 	He's literally a walking advertisement. A tool, indeed. 
  
 		Thank you my friend 
 		I don't blame you one bit I cringe with her voice also 
 		I don't blame you one bit I cringe with her voice also 
 Incorrect. They love his antisemitism for sure. But they also like his nationalising of key industry sectors, his control over education for indoctrination purposes, his calls for insurrection, his fascination with Islam like Hitler, his censoring of critics. All things that Marxist socialists like too. Inside every Antifa twat is a National Socialist trying to get out. And they do get out during their riots. Why they act like Nazis. 
 *Facepalm*   Toro has reached an all time low. Where is the Federal Bureau of Investigation when you need them? 
 		I'll rape his dead corpse faggot 
 QAnon Makes False Allegations About Alex Jones   
 	I use to listen to him till he did the Fuck Trump  and that was it .for me .  He Became More Like Glenn Beck  who was good on fox but he lost it too    
 		Go Take Your Meds , You Sound Like A Liberal Retard  
 They aren't splitting up. This is a link to register to vote. Pretty dirty. 
 	Didn't take the bait. No matter what, the Kardashians are the sickest people on the planet, even if her husband is based. 
 		That is a screenshot of their tweet, not a link. There was no bait to take. I learned from the replies what it was. 
 			No matter. We shouldn't be following these leaches anyway. 
 					If you say I'm retarded then so be it. Your reaction to my comment tells me you're the retarded one. 
 That was the case +200 years ago and now it has been expanded to include things other than political speech. Welcome to not 1700's. Stop trying to sell me your feelings, sell me some cold hard facts.  
 	Shut up, you nigger faggot.   Your degenerate shit is against the law and against Gab's Tos.   Fuck off. 
 Van Dyke found guilty.   If that man spends more than 3 years in prison it is a travesty of justice. 
 Van Dyke found guilty.   If that man spends more than 3 years in prison it is a travesty of justice. 
     Did you get gassed again over on twatter?    
 	Hi G! Yah like 7 times in 2 wks  how's you? 
 		Chillin.doing good; hanging out on the "Gab-a-gool" for awhile-taking a break. Two weeks ago when we got gassed at the same time with Kw. I think it was that "Calm Nazi Hunt" faggot who was responsible. I think that faggot has multiple accounts-just a heads up.  
 The comment section is full of idiots talking about background checks.he's a fucking nigger for fucks sake. No background check needed.  
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
  
 	Cunt 
 	Cunt 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	Fuck you cunt go to twatter! 
 		Man the  google employees are coming out of the woodwork  
 		Twatter and Facetwat fools too! 
 		Twatter and Facetwat fools too! 
  
 	 Being more of a  scared cunt hinding in cupboard same he was not at that school on that day and he should of been shoot dead  
 	 Being more of a  scared cunt hinding in cupboard same he was not at that school on that day and he should of been shoot dead  
 Lol at the name 
 	Can't you read seige? Lol See What I Did There Lmao! That's not  that fucking faggot, it's someone else. Why would that cocksmoker  make his faggot username not marty if it was actually closet homosexual   
 Lefties love faggots & faggot ways. Faggism is holy to them. Many CONservatives claim to love the faggot & say faggots should have equal rights (equal access to their kids) but dislike faggot ways. Love the sinner hate (oops hate is unchristian - dislike a teeny bit) the sin. Adam & Eve not Steve & all. CONservative arguments/beliefs are so strong/solid. 
 	If you're going to knock her up, marry her first.  Otherwise, you'll be acting like a liberal. 
 		And by me saying she only wanted a girl. I mean that, my brother wasnt even my dads kid she left his father too over having a boy. My dad raised another mans child who resented me our entire life due to the circumstances of our situation. My dad beat abused us everyday in a fit of rage because he was so hurt by my mom and we were splitting images of her. So my upbringing has given me the opportunity to know how to not a family and raise children, dont get me wrong. Love my dad to death today, he may of been an asshole but he taught me how to survive and without that I'd be just a dumb nigger   
      
 		 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 	Dude these articles are awesome! We’ve made so much progress! Thank you for highlighting this! 
 			Let’s just say I’ll take my chances.  
 					Calling me a tulip is the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me, dude.  
 						Okay then, that''s your new name.  Tulip. 
 							Deal.  
 						I don’t have Aids, though. So that doesn’t really effect me.  
 						That dude prolly has grids he looks like a mudshark. 
 When do we hang the muslim nigga ' & the cunt ? 
  
 	Perhaps he/she? is white, but for sure is retard 
 Lol! Liberals are turning on Avenatti. 
 		I wasn’t giving him any credit for anything. Stating an observation. Based on his tweet he’s clearly throwing Avenatti under the bus. End of story.  
 		sorry,, I was replying to the meme, and not you personally. sometimes I do that without thinking. 
 		Oh I guess you were referring to Avenatti then. My bad, thought you were talking to me.  
 		Someone else did the same thing to me and responded to the meme. His comment started out with F**k You! I thought he was talkin’ to me so I told him to F off and then muted him. I realized later he may have been talking to the meme and not me. Lol!  
 		well. some of us react to fast to some things I guess. Great meme though  
 		Thanks. Yeah, I here ya. It’s normal to want to react with all the politics and craziness nowadays.  
 		well, sorry for the misunderstanding, clearly my fault, keep putting out "the news" man and stay safe. I'm shutting down for the night,  
 		No problem, it was partly my fault too. You stay safe too. Later.  
 		No problem, it was partly my fault too. You stay safe too. Later.  
 	Another Nazi with an Obvious Problem.   Bye, bye AssHole. 
 		Coming from someone who incessantly complained about some nigger in the White House for eight years and continues to do so nearly two years later is rich.  "I'm not rayciss, but you're a Nazi" 
 black power nigger fist accepted everywhere, White Power anything no so much. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 This evil woman still had that and gave "permission" for 5 unpaid aides to look at top clearance stuff. That is unreal, just unreal.   I bet this was an avenue for leaks and gossip.    
 	The downvoter on this is clearly a Killary cunt licking shill.  
 	Esau wasn't born at the time. But having sex with their parents in those days was normal. Until the laws was given to them. And God had to seriously enforced these laws, to make sure that they doesn't go back to their unlawful ways. 
 			God chosen Abraham because he lived righteously  In those days  A person can have as many wives that they wanted. But he stayed with Sarah. And Lot was raised up under him. As it says , that we can judge a tree by its fruit. But their daughter and his wife were raised around that lifestyle. Remember, his daughters were married  But Lot told the people they were virgins 
 				your avoiding answering the question posed to you.  --> if it was Normal Routine to have sex with your siblings in those days. why did the daughter suggest needing to get him drunk first. ? it shouldn't be a hard question to answer.  
 					Since he wasn't raised up like the way the others were raised. He never was a custom to it. Which his daughters were married at the time. has gotten accustomed to the ways of the world. But every other men at the time didn't need to be drunk      Jeremiah 13:23 Can an Ethiopian change his skin or a leopard its spots? Neither can you do good who are accustomed to doing evil. 
 						Genesis says clearly ": as it was the custom all over the world". that is god's word.  it wouldn't have mattered where he was raised. it was the custom everywhere. everyone , everywhere was raised to commit incest. it was the custom  are you trying to change god's words in the bible because you cannot answer why they needed to get him drunk first?  
 							It was like this in the days of Noah,     
 								you keep avoiding talking about genesis & why they needed to get him drunk  you just keep posting Other bible verses to try to say Genesis 19 31-32 is wrong you cannot answer why they needed to get their dad drunk before fucking him  your continued attempts to change the subject & switch the conversation to another verse only shows how you cannot answer for genesis 
 												for the 45th time you are not answering the question. you keep talking about other shit. only thing your doing is running circles around the subject.  no clue why you refuse to talk about the subject your being questioned about. you just keep bringing up other shit that has zero bearing on the question posed to you.  retarded ignorance Must be bliss.  
 Rt AaronBlake    Eric Holder: "Michelle [Obama] always says, 'When they go low, we go high.' No. No. When they go low, we kick them."      
 	kick all you want muzzie a bullet kicks back 
 Stop it. Get help.        
 	Holy hell lmao. If you would never date someone with Hiv, it's time to pat yourself on the back for not being a retard 
 Aw.look who's sad about judge Kavanaugh's confirmation.why its Alyssa Milano.   Want to have a great laugh? Go to Twitter and read the responses she has for this Tweet:    
 	hey milano,why dont you shut your nigger alphonso ribeiro lovin tainted pussy whore skank mouth! has been pile of liberal cumdumpster shit! 
 Compassionate Republicanism. We need more ’s in the Usa 
 		And that is a song by Martina McBride. God bless you too 
 		And that is a song by Martina McBride. God bless you too 
 Black Sabbath - Planet Caravan  via  
 		ha ha ha you're a religious faggot that listens to black sabbath. ha ha ha. 
 Obama rally in Nevada 
 	, looks retarded with a hat @!  
 Pledge to vote in the upcoming election    How will You vote? 
 	Not only am I voting straight ticket Gop, for the first time in as long as I can remember the party, as a whole (that silly cunt Rino from Alaska notwithstanding), actually earned my vote in November. 
 lol every post from you reeks of lack of self-confidence. being you is being a typical nigger obviously. you strike me as a really tragic figure. 
 Amy Schumer Detained at Kavanaugh Protest in D.C.  gross     
 	Put her in with dogs, I mean nigger boys. 
 No don, we're not laughing at you because we're racist.   We're laughing at you for thinking you're a "serious journalist'.   If and when you ever become one, we may stop laughing.   no promises. 
 	Lemon squeezing ball loving faggot is a complete joke! 
 Man, you really hate your life to just post something so unnecessary. To actually go out of your way to say this proves you are in a very bad place in your life. The difference between ppl like you & Christians is we don’t hate you, but for some reason you hate us. We will pray for you while your heart is black. 
 		Awe, Judge Faggot needs some attention. Poor little bitch 
 You really are nigger tier  . Your momma? You cucks have taken so much black cock you're starting to sound like them! Imagine being a Neo-Con  cuck  in 2018 supposing you're actually white. Antifa is lame and much more creative than someone like you. 
 	Consider this, you as you want. Others do what they want, and that includes supporting the site regardless of your childish insults. Fuckoff loser, bye. 
 		They are selling your data. 
 	If the only arguments you  can post involve personal insults, you are no better than Hrc when she said everyone against her was "deplorable".bye bye <Mute> 
 	I think donations  
 	 
 	 
 I would love that because that would stop these fairy gay faggot tranny porn posters from tagging me with their sick shit. 
 	Will your two moms be proud? 
 		It's a matter of bait. 
 			Really? 
 				There ya go ;) 
 				There ya go ;) 
 Eh? You are getting very confused again Tuck Tuck. The gay guy is the son of Jane, the white girl I was seeing for 8 years. She has only been a friend since 2010. The black girl I'm seeing is 23 and has no kids. The other black girl 3 years ago is now 22 and she has no kids either. Neither of them claim any welfare either, unlike you matey :) 
 	Why can you only define your fake girlfriends by colour? 
 				Lol One of them has woken up. Must be benefits day over there.   How do you go about standing up for the white race fella? You on "white man's strike" too ie refusing to work and living off other people's money? How many Jews have you killed this year? Or do you just shout about anonymously on Gab? 
 				Lol One of them has woken up. Must be benefits day over there.   How do you go about standing up for the white race fella? You on "white man's strike" too ie refusing to work and living off other people's money? How many Jews have you killed this year? Or do you just shout about anonymously on Gab? 
 Leftwing terrorists have committed violent, felonious crimes against random people and property for years because they hate white people and Trump. The media barely spends a day covering it and Republicans don't put any energy into condemning Democrat politicians who incited violence against Republicans. A Jew built, not planned to, he built a fully functional 200 pound bomb and plotted to blow it up at a Trump rally in Dc. This incident wasn't even on Fnc for more than 6 hours. If it weren't for Tucker Carlson, most Fox viewers wouldn't even know what the hell has been going on with the  "resisters." Now, just weeks before a midterm we are supposed to believe that two dudes committed acts of terrorism against Democrats? I don't think so. Ever since Gwb, Leftists have sent biological weapons like anthrax and ricin to Republicans. Leftists have firebombed businesses, destroyed cars, killed cops in cold blood and attacked white people unprovoked. Leftists commit violent crimes on a daily basis and just like nigger on nigger crime in Chicago, it makes the news for a day and then goes away. Nothing ever gets done about it; nothing changes and it never will.   And the Cuckservatves screech, "but why would Democrats commit fake crimes against themselves? Why would they do false flags?" Because they can and they know all the  losers in the Gop will take it at face value, never question it because it's bad optics to do so, and then call for bipartisan unity cuz muh moral high ground. Leftists believe that the ends justify the means and as Saul Alinsky said, it does not matter how you get there so long as you do. Leftists will martyr themselves and sacrifice their kids if it means "progress." If you don't believe that, you obviously don't take them seriously when they passionately exclaim that they want to kill all white people. They respect themselves as much as they respect you, which is not at all.    And not for nothing but if this Pa Jew killer isn't a false flag, at least he had the balls to do more than shitpost online. I accept that I don't have the stones to throw my life away to kill a few subversives or Communists. I have kids to raise and a wife to care for. If my life were different, if I were in a darker place. Who knows what a different version of me might be doing in a parallel world right now. 
 Austria  -  An advertisement of the Austrian Federal Railways and its customer railway card. It reads: For mother, father, partners or friends who are traveling with children. Is that what Austria looks like now? Sickening propaganda trying to normalize sexual deviant behavior. 
 		They act as though the fix is in 
 		   
 		   
 	Self-confessed Foreign Agent.  
 	Disgrace. 
 	Disgrace. 
 This is fake untruthful dishonest discredited by democrat to punk Trump America First Maga voters.Democrat did Dick Van Dyke death same guy. 
 This is fake untruthful dishonest discredited by democrat to punk Trump America First Maga voters.Democrat did Dick Van Dyke death same guy. 
  
 	Nigger ass  
 Well I got a call from Pharmacy   my insurance is being a cunt about refilling my pills, it could be 2 more days.   Gab.I'm sorry in advance.   but it's only going to get worse 
 	smoke a little weed 
 		I totally don't already do that because it's 100% illegal in the state of Pennsylvania. I totally do not consume the cannabis buds via grinding them and placing the grinds in a pipe with a brass filter oh hell no.  That shit is illegal - and anyone implying I totally do that is obviously a liar and frankly should leave it at that man 
 		I totally don't already do that because it's 100% illegal in the state of Pennsylvania. I totally do not consume the cannabis buds via grinding them and placing the grinds in a pipe with a brass filter oh hell no.  That shit is illegal - and anyone implying I totally do that is obviously a liar and frankly should leave it at that man 
 	Excuse me, but What!   I have Met people who Knew Prabhupāda in the 1950s.   And several who knew him in the 60s and 70s.   Blood!   I don't remember ever hearing about the need to consume Blood!   Kṣatriyas perhaps are allowed to consume meat, but brahmacārīs, gṛihasthas, or sannyāsīs!   Absolutely Not!   Only in a life or death situation should they do so. 
 		He's probably talking about milk. Prabhupad was a piece of shit tho 
 			   Fuck you and yours you fucking fuck!  I wish that you and all your ancestors end up being reincarnated on the most hellish planet in the multiverse! 
 					    Oh really?   Here's what Prabhupāda told his  disciples. 
 						 
 						thanks for the irrelevant comment. he also hand selected 100% jews to run his org lol you eat dicks bro 
 						 
 Morons.   You're gonna see whatever you want to see to justify your ignorance and your conspiracy theories are all your own, but don't let that stop you from showing the rest of the world how retarded you are on the internet. 
 #21900PlusDaysAndCounting   I can say being a woman, I have known more skanks than good women in my 60+ years. That is why I have had few friends. Just a fact, but the good women always are looked at as if they are the skanks. I am sorry the skanks did you men and women wrong, but not all women are skanks. I have to keep from wanting to knee-cap idiots that generalize. Just like most men I have met are snakes in the grass. Either way, few "Real" good people exist. As always has been the case the 3%er's who not only talk but do good who were the ones I stood with, and still do! That is why the 3%er's do not care what others think, say, or do. It will not change the facts about what is right is right, what is wrong is wrong. Just like the old timey's use to say, I don't want you to do what you are going to do.because I know what I have to do when you do.                            @a            @a        @a                         
 		Alpha women are not scared of alpha males they are scared of of weak beta females,, men want strong women not a weak beta cuck liberal twat  
 I absolutely hate this fake Pos!    & I am still baffled as to why the Rf allowed this unsuitable marriage. Was it because she was already pregnant when they married? 
 	Low class skank. I'm told it is the height of bad manners to announce something big at someone else's wedding. Wow everyone look at me I'm pregnant! Upstage, upstage. 
 		Very bad manners indeed, as she was trying to steal the attention away from Eugenie on her wedding day. I am really surprized the Queen allowed this! Meghan also works for the globalist Un! 
 			A little half nigger that will be born with shocking red hair probably! Lol! 
 I'M Done. Wtf 
 	Oh my God did this stupid cunt really just say this? Cut this fucking cunts head off!  
 Rt UberDick    If I were rich, I would buy out the front row of every engagement on the HillBilly speaking tour, and fill the seats with Haitians.  I'm sure they would have some interesting questions for Billary.  What fun we would have.     
 Rt UberDick    If I were rich, I would buy out the front row of every engagement on the HillBilly speaking tour, and fill the seats with Haitians.  I'm sure they would have some interesting questions for Billary.  What fun we would have.     
 Italians sue black politician for calling their party "racist"    
 	right wingers with spines and brains? wish we could have that in America. and on a side note, some nigger screaming racism to her way? 1st time for everything 
 Every post you make is about molesting your daughter - you are a filthy maggot-eating pedophile - go kill yourself immediately! If I knew where you were, I would kill you myself. You disgusting vile parasite smegma eating piece of nigger shit - fuck off & die 
 That's not how christianity works. Are you Catholic by chance? 
 	It is simple.  Proclaim the name of the Lord Jesus Christ or get out of the Usa. 
 		God decides.  And he has decided that those who do not proclaim his name shall be condemned to eternal hell. 
 			Indeed. But God did Not proclaim you have to be a Christian to enter any particular country. Christianity is voluntary. Unless you're Catholic and willing to kill like Muslims those who wont convert.   Knowing Christ in personal relationship is paramount. You better get to work on that. 
 				"willing to kill like Muslims those who wont convert"  Let there be no compulsion in religion: Truth stands out clear from Error: whoever rejects evil and believes in Allah hath grasped the most trustworthy hand-hold, that never breaks. And Allah heareth and knoweth all things. Qur'an 2:256 
 					So your Koran is written in King James version? 
 						So in Islam it is Convert or Die. Then these Eu people better be prepared to Convert to Islam or Die! 
 							Only a Super Retard will believe them! 
 Why won't she return to her nation of origin, according to race, and sandblast shit there? Start that 'we be kangs' movement and go down in history as the first black woman to have freed her pple from the oppression of her own corrupt black leaders. Then carve her name on a stone, set up a cord around it, have admission booths and get rich.  
 	Then in 50 years some backward thinking retard will sandblast her off the pages of history too!  
 Cishet white man explains why he's sorry he voted for Trump    
 		It's The Onion so parody. 
 		It's very difficult to tell now. When liberals throw feces and get outraged over a man throwing ice 35 years ago when he was in college you can forgive me if I don't doubt they are bottom feeders. 
 		It's very difficult to tell now. When liberals throw feces and get outraged over a man throwing ice 35 years ago when he was in college you can forgive me if I don't doubt they are bottom feeders. 
 Hardcore racists are worse than feminists in the scale of Bitterness, Circle-Jacking And Hysteria.    They will repeat talking points and repost chunk all day without contributing a single original thought. Real Npc.    I just mute. 
 	Look to any city that's 90% or greater non-Nigger. See Oriana, Tokyo, Dubai, Kuala-Lumpur, Singapore, etc, etc, etc.  Then look at majority Nigger cities. See Detroit, Chicago, Washington Dc, Lagos, Nairobi, Johannesburg, Port Au Prince.  You can see why they follow us.  They want what we can build and they cannot. 
 27th October 1982 the Ira murdered Paul Hamilton, 26. He’d been married for just 1 month & had recently returned from honeymoon in Scotland. 2 Lurgan Ira suspected of involvement in the murders died when they were shot in alleged shoot to kill incident 2 weeks later      
 		 This guy keeps reposting these same posts and digging up incidents where the Ira killed British soldiers. There's Free Speech but I think it's pretty retarded and vile in this situation. I may say that because of Free Speech, but this guy mutes anyone who disagrees with him.  
 	That nigger needs to be rammed right through that fucking wall. Yes to the  head in the sand normies I said nigger, that’s what these savages are 
 	just like the muzzie invasion during obummers reign  
    Well thats depressing. No wonder why nazis are so angry    Their ideology failed time and time again. That socialism sure did help them. I mean Germany hasn't existed since 1990 - no wonder why its a failed state. 
 	It didn't fail, it was Jewed, you haven't even passed Bernard Baruch Secretary of both World Wars 101.  What makes you cocksure that we'd even begin to consider your drivel? 
 				1. Hahahahaha "Ree The Conquerors Destroyed Us ReeEEEE"   2. Germany lost - tell me, if the Nazi ideology was soooo perfect, why did they lose?    3. Your leader is dead, your nation bans National Socialism, your nation is worse than 1929 degeneracy, and there isn't a damn thing you can do except bitch about the past online.   I don't give a fuck about any nation or race - if it isn't American, it's inferior. Period. 
 					World Kikery: It's afraid. 
 							World Kikery. It's afraid. 
 								no u 
 								 
 								 
 								 
 								 
 								 
 								 
 								 
 This whiny Demonrat blathering on right now is so freaking delusional or more likely a straight up lying Cunt  
 	Well atleast the people didn’t pay for it . with him not being a sponge.  
 		I think security is taxpayer funded. But in perspective Harry's tacky circus wedding was costing over  30 Million for security, and MegNog's ill fitting ugly wedding dress was  380,000. At least this was real  
 	But we would of paid for those guards  
 	But we would of paid for those guards  
 	Christianity spread because of the power of the words of Jesus. Internationally followed when Paul was still officially slaughtering all the followers of Jesus, men, women, saints, you name it. Nothing to do with Paul.   Yes, Constantine making it the official Roman religion cemented it, but the reason he did is because of it's rising popularity despite the persecutions.   And the "European" religions were pig ignorant Pagan horseshit. 
 				This is an example of  at its finest. No wonder Jews call them stupid cattle. 
 					I'm not a Christian.   That's another fail. 
 					I'm not a Christian.   That's another fail. 
 	All you need to know. 
 		What is it with those people. Just having a good voice, or being good in playing a rol, makes you not a scientist. This dumb ass cunt should sing, and nothing else.  
 It must be that slavinian cunt rubbishimer putin sanz  
 Leftists are masterful at using language to promote their distorted agenda.    Dreamer vs. illegal alien.   Assault weapon vs. rifle.   Pro choice vs. pro abortion.   Paying your fair share vs. oppressive taxation  Beware of the Leftists - dangerous and smarter than they appear. 
 	wanna hear some language?  how about this one  "Die Nigger Die!"  Lol 
 		Feel the pain? There is a sand nigger up your ass. "Lol".girl. 
 Oh come on   .is this the best the Nyt can do? What are they paying, minimum wage?   It's not the insult to white ppl that bothers me, it's her stupidity. 
 	Another cure for the 4 hour erection problem. 
 		slant eyed cunt 
 "Smoking a fag" has a whole other fairy gay faggot meaning here in the Usa. Lol 
 So let's see, we have street shitter brown, San Franshitsco brown, sand nigger brown, Islamoshit brown, Antifa shitstain brown, Jigaboo brown, Fakeugee Hotel Walls brown (only available in Canada), and don't forget Mad Max brown and Feinstein's Diaper brown. 
 Queue up "It's a Faaaake!" gif over yet another "hate crime" hoax. Coming to you once again from a typical college student   
 	Twat  
 	If we judged ourselves simply by our ability to do better than niggers alone and not by what we're actually capable of doing then we wouldn't have built western civilization or put men on the moon. Niggers aren't capable of much so simply doing more than they're capable of ain't anything to be proud of. 
 Hitler is like the Bob Marley album Legend. I’ve heard enough of it for one lifetime. 
 	how dare you compare the Great Adolf Hitler with some ridiculous nigger clown. you must be one of those white boy nigger lovers! 
 I succumbed to watching this Cnn clip but turned the volume off at .47 after Don Lemon presumptively characterized the Honduran caravan as undocumented migrants. Lemon then overcame the laws of physics and continued to convey his idiocy without sound.     
 		Mark they’re setting up the bought and paid fox anchors. Fox will eventually switch over completely lib 
 		we knew that would happen after they were bought by Disney.  
 		we knew that would happen after they were bought by Disney.  
 London Police Boss Defends Deputy Who Hid in Car During Westminster Attack, Says He Led Response ‘With Distinction’   Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick has defended her deputy after he was roundly condemned for staying in his car with the doors locked during the Westminster terror attack.  Sir Craig Mackey, who was Acting Commissioner at the time of Khalid Masood’s attack outside the Palace of Westminster, told an inquest he was at the scene when the jihadist struck, but remained in his car with the doors locked and watched as he fatally stabbed unarmed Pc Keith Palmer, as he had no protective equipment, no radio, [and] two colleagues with me who [were] quite distressed.   He briefly opened the car door after a plainclothes police protection officer who happened to be nearby neutralised Masood, but closed it again and moved out to start putting everything we need in place back at headquarters.   Sir Craig’s conduct has been roundly condemned by Police Federation representatives, retired officers, and serving officers who commentate anonymously on social media, with many suggesting he be stripped of his knighthood and police medal or even prosecuted for neglect of duty.   Commissioner Dick, however, has offered strong support to her Deputy  due to retire with a substantial index-linked pension in a matter of weeks  claiming he had absolutely no opportunity to stop the killer or save Pc Palmer. Anyone who suggests otherwise is simply wrong.   The actions he was able to and did take were to protect the unarmed police staff colleagues who were in the car with him, she added the actions in question being to being to stay put in his vehicle.   He went on to lead the Met’s response to the attack with distinction, she added.   Sir Craig has also been backed by Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu  but a perception that senior officers are circling the wagons around their embattled colleague is not being received well by rank-and-file officers.   A credible police leader would charge the enemy, risking their own life if necessary, when their Constables are being killed in front of them, tweeted ‘Inspector Gadget’, a popular police blogger and author of Perverting the Course of Justice.   Mr Basu fails to acknowledge [that] the highest ranking police officer at the time drove away whilst one of his men lay dying behind him, chimed in another pseudonymous officer.   An Mp with no protective equipment tried to save Pc Keith Palmer but [Sir Craig] couldn’t even stop to check on him. Unacceptable.   Forget risk assessing an incident, forget weighing up options. It’s past that point. A police officer is under attack and you’re witnessing it. Go And F**Cking Get Involved. A colleague, a brother needs help and needs it now, added a third.   As senior officers are so keen on implying in the media it was one of Your officers who needed help, then and there. And You drove away. There is nothing. Nothing. Anyone can ever say that changes my mind on this. Craig Mackey is a coward and not fit to be a police officer.   Commissioner Dick has been no stranger to harsh criticism since she took up her position as London’s top cop under the mayoralty of controversial Labour politician Sadiq Khan.   Full Story:     
 		Mreo woman in places they should nit be - And looking ridiculous. 
 		Agree or not.that's a fantastic sentence.   Better than most movie plots. 
 		Agree or not.that's a fantastic sentence.   Better than most movie plots. 
 Alright listen. Crypto niggers are a real problem cause you cant tell by looking at them. They look white. So watch out. Report your local Crypto nigger to the police. 
 Thanks to all the feminists who have shared my tweets and threatened to kill me this week for helping me spread my message to millions. You've helped me create a national dialogue about gun rights and proven why we carry. #2A 
 	Wait until you encounter the racism here.  I came to this site on your recommendation.  Not blaming you, but what is your take on all of the judgments based on the false concept of race?  
 		Jason, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
   next time you bust a nut in a stupid thot you should tell her "I'm not sorry for that F." 
 	why do we say bust a nut when we mainly all have two nuts ?  
 			agreed.speak English, not savage 
 			agreed.speak English, not savage 
 	Right, because the muzzie gangs that smuggle the shit from the Golden Crescent are all white, not Pakis, Afghanis and Albanians. Fight Crime!   
 Linda Sarsour Asks Muslims To Form "Jihad" Against Trump, Not To Assimilate  
 	can we send this subversive cunt back to her shit hole? seriously, what nation in the world outside of white nations would tolerate this horse shit? Execute the bitch for Treason and bury her in the entrails of pigs.  
 This is what the left is really scared of.     
 	Where is black Waldo! Apparently 9hrs ago he was at Ny’s LaGuardia Airport. It’s a big international airport, he could be anywhere in the world by now.  
 		Probably in jail for doing some nigger shit 
  
 	I'm sure Dan Rather spends lots of time surrounded by negroes. His hood rat roots are showing; What a dumb shit. He and his Leftist ilk are the reason the West is in turmoil. Go live in Africa you cunt and say how much you love Blacks. Don't come back. 
 The priest said a prayer for the Jews and the Germans threw this retarded ass in the concentration camps loloooool 
 haha ya fucking cock holster.bwahhh. enjoy your miserable, pathetic, unfullfilled life. must suck to be you.hahahahah faggot 
 Democrats hate Christians.  Why would any Christian vote for a party that hates them? 
 	That's why Nyc is an absolute shithole. The idiots buy into Cuomo's Bs "Ny is the strongest most open place in the world!" Oh yeah fucktard, then why is everybody so fucking miserable you twat 
 	That's why Nyc is an absolute shithole. The idiots buy into Cuomo's Bs "Ny is the strongest most open place in the world!" Oh yeah fucktard, then why is everybody so fucking miserable you twat 
 Graham Calls for Renegotiation of U.S. Defense Deal with Israel: "I want to give Israel more for missile defense."     
 	Senator gram is Finally Senator Graham comes out of the shadows, and is stepping up to the plate! Our Brothers in Israel Need rockets as  all sheol is about to reign down upon them, The Turks, Syrians, Iranians, Iraquies, Pakistani, will come to take over Jerusalem! 
 			I don't wish to risk the rath of Yawah by cursing Israel and its people! 
 			I don't wish to risk the rath of Yawah by cursing Israel and its people! 
 On this I agree with Bailey.   Multiculturalism has turned parts of London into cesspools. However the purpose of this story is to get Bailey to recant whilst slyly getting the enriched areas to vote Labour.    
 	So the choice from the two main parties is between a nigger and a paki? Who'd've thought Boris would be the last white mayor of London. 
 Megyn Kelly Tearfully Apologizes for Saying Kids' Halloween Costumes Shouldn't Offend Liberals  
 	Never go full retard 
    
 	Do you know who started walk away? Trump he was Dem then when they dumped white men. He instantly flipped Republican like any sane person.  
 		Lol I'm saying Trump walked away first. That faggot just put a label on it, he wasnt the beginning.  
 	You still have that pic up smh we need thot patrol now  
 		You're the one who follows me u aren't going to patrol shit u little faggot pull up n find out. Im muting u now keep obsessing over me I do what the fuck I want and there's nothing u can do about it. 
  
 	This worthless faggot needs to go!  
 Nobody was ever physically assaulted 4 their political beliefs in America before the sore loser democrats called 4 violence vs. their political opponents! They all need to be Arrested 4 inciting violence & civil unrest against political candidates! End this abuse by extreme left wing activists Now! 
 	crazy ass nog 
 		its ok call It what It is a monkey nigger pile of shit! 
 This keeps getting better and better. 
 	So, is this twat gonna kill herself like Rosie McDonalds, George Clooney, Madonna were going to move out of the Usa if Trump was elected Potus? Or is she really gonna do it? Cause if she really is going to do it, I just want to say "thanks" - one less volatile, crazy bitch on the planet and thank you for offing yourself instead of some innocent bystander like the left Usually does. 
 Minneapolis: Star Tribune hangs painting of corrupt, democrat, hijabbed, pro-Sharia Congressional candidate in its offices. Can you imagine the outrage if they had hung a conservative one up         
 	Isn't minneapolis basically a no-go muzzie ghetto zone now? They probably face beheading if they don't hang the pic or some crap the muzzies do. 
 one less retard in the world 
      Loses Security Clearance Amid Email Scandal        
 	Cunt is a Cunt 
 No you aren't far right. You're a far left socialist of the National variety. Too dumb to be indoctrinated with Marxism so self indoctrinated with National Socialism instead. Most normal gays can't stand the militant Lgbt movement either. You'd know that if you talked to them lol 
 	He's just Trolling. He knows the facts. He's seen our arguments.  I can't say what his beliefs are, but.  He's just saying this shit to get you triggered.  And it's working. 
 		You aren't calling me an Idiot are you?  I just made an observation. :^)  I'm inclined to agree with you that  hates White people, but one can Troll without letting their true beliefs show. 
 			Nope! This one doesn't know the difference between being anti-White and anti-National Socialist lol 
 				But I do know the difference between someone being serious and someone Trolling. You are not serious. You are Trolling. :^) 
 					What have I said that isn't serious exactly? That anti-white hatred is different to anti-NatSoc hatred? I think that's a very serious point that none of you lot can grasp. Bloody crying that because I rip the arses out of some white racist types, I must hate the white race. Pathetic cop out that is lol 
 						Pretty much everything I've read from you today has been Trollish and not serious.  Why would you hate NatSocs but not Whites in general?  That would imply (but not prove) that you either are Jewish, or you love the Jews. Either way.  The Jews' own Holy Books tell them that we are only cattle to be farmed, milked, then slaughtered.  That's Anti-White. Full stop. 
 							Why would I hate NatSocs and not whites in general?   Is this a serious question?   Like saying why would I hate white paedophiles and not whites in general.   I hate them for their ridiculous ideology as most white people do. There was a war to get rid of it remember. Fought mainly by white people. Did they hate white people too then?   Bloke! You are too idiotic to waste more time on lol 
 								I also notice that you didn't deny either being Jewish, or being in love with them.  If you are a Jew, or in love with them, you are Anti-White.  Full Stop.  No further argument necessary. 
 									HaHa How many times have I told these freaks that I'm not Jewish? I've also never met a Jew as far as I know so not in love with them. I simply don't hate Jews which in your feeble twisted mind means I Must love them. 
 										Calm down. Or am I Trolling the Troll? :^)  Ok, then. You claim to not be a Jew, nor to love them.  Then why are your knickers in such a twist because some White People can see the historical and current (((pattern)))?  Not everyone who dislikes the Jews is a NatSoc. 
 											They aren't. A tiny minority of white people hate Jews for no reason whatsoever. I came here to promote my book which isn't about Jews and Nazis. If they want to come to me with their bullshit then they will get it back twice as hard  lol 
 												Yohan, what did Barbra Spectre mean by this:  Is there some other meaning I should take away from this?  P.S. no jews ever answer.   
 													Here they are with Barbara the Jew again. I was sent this 2 hours ago idiot. See what I mean when I say you all send me the same shite. She's a left wing Jewish twat. What else do you expect a left wing Jewish twat to say?    is a right wing Jewish bloke. He totally disagrees with her so he cancels her out. 
 														Idiot?  Far from it, but if you are getting upset at a non-jew calling you a Jew.  I just can’t help that.  Quit projecting and answer the question. 
 															Not really because I'm a non Jew too lol   And I did answer you. She's a left wing Jewish twat spouting left wing crap. You're an idiot for taking that and thinking All Jews think that. Idiot! 
 																That’s not the point. they Are changing/replacing the demographic, your a smart guy.  Tell me. 
 																	Who is They? 
 																	(((They))) better? 
 																	(((They))) better? 
 	You're part of the problem retard 
 		Fuck off. Eat shit. I dindu nuffin.  
 				Ohhhhhhhhh noooooooooooooooo!  
 							Says the degenerate into fart fetish 
 								Hhaahahahahahhahaha , dumb kike.  
 							And on that note, Gab video upload is completely non-functioning this evening, which is basically the same as any other evening (or morning, or afternoon).   You know, I actually do hope Trump comes to Gab, only to experience the nigger-level ineptitude of how this site is run, and then go on Twitter and rightly mock Torba for being the half-ass grifter that he is. 
 The cunt that won't go away or just die.  She sounds exactly like every other Totalitarian.  "Things will be civil when we're in charge again."  Yeah, thanks for the threat.  Fuck you, Hillary.    
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	This must be what being a boomer during a real estate boom feels like. 
 	     in  is the  of all things good    stemming from a  
 	On the one hand, a c c e l e r a t i o n  On the other, all this could be avoided if someone just had the balls to tell them that fucking strangers won't make up for their real dad not loving them.  
 	From that article:  As a PrEP user myself, I admit that reading about this lends me pause. Is daily use really protecting me from Hiv? Do I have a rational reason to be afraid? Will I be the next nameless patient presented on a poster board at a scientific convention on diseases? Then, I remind myself that if these transmissions were commonplace, we would have seen a lot more of them. If these resistant strains so easily "broke through" PrEP's 99% protection, we would have seen clusters of cases reported in 2015 in Toronto, where this initially occurred, and we'd be seeing a lot more of these events in San Francisco after this latest report.  However, instead of hearing about masses of Hiv transmissions, PrEP seroconversions with verified adherence remains limited to three individuals in the world: one each in Toronto, San Francisco, and Amsterdam (the latter of which did not happen as a result of a resistant strain). With more than 356,700 people currently using PrEP worldwide, three cases still places Hiv's protection at much greater than 99%. Or as Grant said: "We talk about these rare cases when they happen. It's not as sexy to talk about all the cases where that didn't happen, and how well PrEP protected people under the same exact circumstances." * * * * *  "Occasionally I wonder, 'Should I start asking my partners to use condoms before fucking me in the ass?' But then I think 'Relax! Three cases of PreP-resistant Aids is nothing to worry about!"   Said no sane person ever.  
 	Why you wrap it no matter what.  
 	Okay with me. If you're going to play that game you need to pay the exit fee. 
 	The first wave killed over half a million. I pray this one can be even more effective  
 	I can't explain how pleased I am with this news! 
 If you live in Arizona, don’t vote for crazy meth lab Sinema. A vote for McSally is a vote for Trump and America. Vote republican in November. |  
 		Don't get me wrong, I'll never vote for a communist scumbag like Sinema, but McSally is just less of a scumbag, so I'm voting for her.  
 		So what you're saying is someone running in Arizona on a platform of "I'm an idiot but I'll do whatever Trump says" would pretty much be the lead guy? 
 		You can do better than using a third-grade, leftist-style, argument that starts out with "so what you're saying". Before you try, trying considering the two-faced candidates like McCain and Flake that ran on abolishing Aca. Good luck. 
 		You can do better than using a third-grade, leftist-style, argument that starts out with "so what you're saying". Before you try, trying considering the two-faced candidates like McCain and Flake that ran on abolishing Aca. Good luck. 
 "Queen Elizabeth Claims She Is ‘Direct Descendant Of Prophet Muhammad’          Islamisation of Uk reaching a final stage, it seems.     Now is the time to rise up in the millions, otherwise . 
 	1% Muslim, 99% cunt 
 	Stupid cunt 
 Trump defends Kavanaugh: ‘Very scary time for young men in America’  
 	Save us from the Retarded Libs Chief! 
 Mexico Plans To Grant 100 Humanitarian Visas Per Day To Caravan MIGrantS    
 	Mostly because they know they won’t stay in Mexico and will sneak their wetback asses across the border! 
 Suck a dick you retarded fgt  
 Rt :    To pay for ’s radical proposals, Florida would have to:     Increase Florida’s corporate income tax to the 2nd highest in the U.S.     Raise the sales tax to 39% or Create a 37% state income tax    Every way you look at it, Floridians lose.  
 	Spic invasion. end and reverse it. It's the only issue. Fix it. 
 	I looked at my wife's mother before marrying her. Wtf was Harry thinking?  
 	I looked at my wife's mother before marrying her. Wtf was Harry thinking?  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	Thousands of people are flooding through Mexico to invade the Usa. Did you tell Trump? Did you see the videos today? They're also mailing ballots to Mexicans in Spanish, all over America to get more Democratic votes for the Midterms 2018.   
 	Thousands of people are flooding through Mexico to invade the Usa. Did you tell Trump? Did you see the videos today? They're also mailing ballots to Mexicans in Spanish, all over America to get more Democratic votes for the Midterms 2018.   
   Hi, I love Rick & Morty! 
 		Something similar happened with Rorschach from Watchmen - Alan Moore was apparently really spooked by how popular the violent, far-right vigilante became. 
 			Derek from American History X when he's a nazi, Cartman from South Park, the fascism in Starship Troopers and the father in All In the Family.   Characters and factions/groups people are supposed to hate made by shitlibs often become liked. 
 					"Sure he was a firefighter that got murdered by blacks while doing his job but he said a racial slur so both sides are bad." lol and sadly this is enough for some people. 
 					A while back I started referring to all undesirable behavior from niggers as "nigger bullshit" b/c of that scene and I was liberal af and anti-racist back then 
  
 	you keep your totalitarian bullshit socialism with speech and thought control, i will keep my free market capitalism and freewill  
 		wanna know why you hillbilly nazi's are worse than jews ? at least they were smart enough to hide their agenda until it bore fruit. you fucks cant even do that 
 Vote DemonRats Out!   They really do act like animals! 
 	Her teeth alone and that chimp out look will give me nightmares.  Where the Muzzie rapists when they might actually come in handy ? 
 I hope Killary finds this ugly lying cunt to be a huge liability 
 Virtue signaling sex criminals are not great.  You seem like a complete twat though.  
 This is a retarded idea. Sounds like Thathcher-era England. If the seasonal work in within reasonable travelling distance of where they live, then sure. But they can't expect people to relocate for a couple of months to pick fruit.  
 	It's called the squeaking wheel getting the grease. The crooked mms promoting political correctness  taught by liberal left wing colleges who hire moslem professors so that they can get the millions in donations from the saudies, the military-industrial complex hiring mms and bribing Congress to keep us at war, the lies about the six million non-existent   
 		Msm 
 		And so damn much more,but that should get you started Josi 
 		Thank you Jeffrey. 
 		Thank you Jeffrey. 
 Antifa faggots, fuck you ugly homo faggot bitches! 
 Trump replaced conservative Scalia with Conservative Gorsuch and the left got pissy   He replaced moderate Kennedy with Conservative Kavanaugh and the left went ballistic   Imagine how fun it's going to be when he replaces liberal icon Ginsburg with conservative Barrett                  
 		Answer the question. Why is that White woman kidnapping African nigger babies? Why? What is she doing with them? It's Un Natural and freakish! It's Evil. Look what happened when the evil insane parents of Rachel Dolezal did to their own Daughter, when they kidnapped African niggers! They made her insane! 
 Where Nazis Come to die:   Congratulations and Fuck you.  You've all become Jews.   Sieg hail  nigger    
 		it was, at best, misdemeanor assault and that assumes she's telling the truth.   do you even read, bro? 
 			You Fucking Lie!  Muted! 
 				 I sincerely hope this triggered pansy is for real and not just some sock puppet! His tears are so delicious!  
 					Just a sock; even Leftists aren't that retarded (unless they're Nazis). 
 						Eye roll. Nazis are extreme right. 
 						The I.P. Address goes back to a Canadian Server provider on this class-act. 
 						Yes; it's because inbred, low Iq, r-selected Socialists cannot spell 'Retards', and aren't clever enough to come up with something original or biting. 
  
 		Well said! 
 		Well said! 
    Lick it up, Pepe!                                                                                           @studentoflife                                
 		Bingo! 
 		Bingo! 
 I guess the sellout business is good?  (I hate cops, oh but I can be super rich if I play one on Tv?, I love cops)   Busted in a McLaren.    
 	Stupid pimp nigger 
 .behind their stories, plans and symbols and most of you will think, 'He's talking about a Television Show.What A Moron! We Should Be Way More Worried About What Jews Are Saying On Cnn, And AndERSOn Coopers 360 Show.'   (Also a tv show: for those irony impaired individuals out there.) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		The holocaust is the Only purpose they ever really had.whether you are pro-holocaust or anti. If they weren't killing Jews, then wtf were they doing you retarded pussy? Killing whites, Germans, French, British, enslaving them, destroying their nations and sovereignty. That's what.  
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					Those are mostly leftist pagans. You know, the Universalist types. 
 						he is a kike nigger jew 
 	The original plan was to take out the George Washington Bridge and both the Lincoln + Holland Tunnels.  The base of operations was in Fort Lee, Nj.   
 			Arguing with nazi’s Is masturbation 
 			That's true, it's pleasurable and everyone does it. 
 			That's true, it's pleasurable and everyone does it. 
 Portugal and Spain was united into a Iberia Soon? 
 	Spain is about to become a nigger shit hole soon, they will be run by Islam just like they were many centuries ago.   
  punch 14 year old girl on the ground twice in ,     
 	Police dealing with nigger problems appropriately 
 I’m going to miss you guys.   
 		George Soros probably threatened them because Torba called him out for his destruction of millions of lives.  
 		George Soros probably threatened them because Torba called him out for his destruction of millions of lives.  
 Nigger learns a new word.ffs 
 		Fuck that dystopia! 
 			if asian wombs r only willing vessels of the future white ethnost8, perhaps western whites will b swarmed by muds as they watch their netflix with their dogs.  
 		 is based on science and survey data from   
 			I hope you are saying that tongue in cheek 
 				its not as traditional a proposal as  goes with, but most young white woman seen 2 eschew her course of action, thus forcing white men 2 seek innovative alternative such as  puts forth 
 				its not as traditional a proposal as  goes with, but most young white woman seen 2 eschew her course of action, thus forcing white men 2 seek innovative alternative such as  puts forth 
 		cigány 
 		cigány 
 Taylor get a grip, you would have lost anyway with that thought.  Come out of the bubble, read, and educate yourself before it's too late.  There is still hope and it's not with the Democrats.         
 	If only Taylor would have spoken up sooner she might have saved America!*   But she couldn't do that and write yet several more songs about her ex-boyfriends. Adding more songs to her long line of forgettables had to be done, even if America went down the toilet because she was too busy to care.   *Yes, that's all sarcasm 
 		She's a dopey twat and a spastic performer. Her music, though made by professional musicians, is horrible. There is no dynamic and no imagination to the trite compositions. 
 Heidi Heitkamp didn't push to prosecute sexual, physical abuse at Native American school in 1990s     
 	She’s one ugly cunt  
  
 	Man! All I see there are a total waste of human life. They have nothing, just a bunch of old has beens just waiting to die! I mean Look At Them! Not a gray cell among them! I can almost see why the Muslims hate white people, THAt Right There Is A Good Starting Place! If I saw a muzzie taking on  one of them, I wouldn't bother to interfere, I would applaud their thinking! 
 Love her, if only for her comedy value  
 	Or steal it - that's the nigger way. 
 So the Nigger admits to there being a double standard.  Along with Bix Nooding out a possibly-actionable threat.  Again, progress. :^) 
 Adam = to blush red in the face. Our race is our religion. Once religion was cucked never associate with racial aliens, never sleep with a racial alien turned to We’re all the same! We were vulnerable.  Fuck you back.  
 	Adam was nigger like you bitch  
 	 It looks like we have the winner of the Hate speech and moral degeracy prize!  Ever notice how the people accuse others of Hate speech are the ones who are spewing the Hate? Take your despicable moral sewage somewhere else you hypocritical piece of excrement!  Andrew is Right!  Thx Mr. Torba!   
 		Low Iq boomer scum I peel off of my boot, no one is accusing anyone of hate speech. Please pass away already. 
 				No idiot he used that as one of his justifications for bans and so I gave him an example of another thing he could ban under that same premise. Just stfu. Stop breathing my oxygen you non person. 
 					hOw CuTe! gO to bEd oR dID yOU wEt It ReTaRD ZoOMr KiDdO 
 	>I discredit myself by being a shitposter all the time, just saying dumb retarded shit just for laughs.      I like laughs. 
  
 		I Want The Scalp Please 
 		Sorry Black Knight, the scalp went into the wood chipper too. 
 		Hmmmm. who is this Wise-ass? What else can I say. 
 		Hmmmm. who is this Wise-ass? What else can I say. 
 Yes, because it would destroy Islam the same way it has destroyed Christianity. 
 	i think why i did not convert was their writing said one thing  but they acted in another way 
 		If my conversion had depended on Muslim example, it never wudda happened. Fortunately, I was well versed in both history and comaprative religion when I read the koran (all by my lonesome) without a Muslim raghead in sight  
 Reminder: Sheila Jackson Lee is a bigot and a dumbass     
 	And That Houston Texas Voted 4 Her Many Times,, 
 		Fucking idiots, every last one that voted for that dumb twat 
 	Dude came here and made his first post race baiting. That seems like all hes here for 
 	Dude came here and made his first post race baiting. That seems like all hes here for 
 "T.I. posts a video of a Melania Trump lookalike stripteasing for him at the Oval Office."   I don't know what you guys think but it really seems like rappers and celebrities think they are above everyone nowadays.    
 	The closest that a ghetto nigger can get to the White House without the Chicago Democratic Machines backing is to rap abt it. 
 	Think about it, in a couple of years, the Nigger will be preparing to rape Brightyn. Daddy Stevie Wonder will be pleased as punch once the rape is completed. 'My boy! He has grown into a true Nigger, er I mean Negro, er I mean African-American! He has learned to rape the White bitches! I am so proud! *sniffle*' 
 Every single one of these people should be on trial for sedition: co-conspiring to overthrow a free election . except Robert De Niro. He's just a dumb shit. 
 		America and it's faggot Dago sissy boys. they need to go to Italy to regain their balls! 
 The cops didn't "fail" in Charlottesville. The cops succeeded in driving the two sides together.    Any major football game, with the cops repeatedly driving fans of opposing teams together in such a manner, would've also resulted in bloodshed.    Plan A was for us to be beaten to death. Plan B is to prosecute us all for doing what was necessary to get out alive. 
 	It's always better to be judged by twelve than carried by six. The real answer is that you had no business being there in the first place. 
 		One Nazi faggot tried. He ended up as a kerosene torch and his buddies were hanged. We win, you lose. So maybe instead of fapping to the Jews living rent-free in your head, it's time to look for allies. Notice how Hollywood Jews and academia are at war with Israel? Only a cretin fights both sides of the conflict. 
 Am I the only person who doesn't give a s&$t about the news of another Uk Royal baby about to be suckling at the teats of the Uk tax payers for the rest of its life of luxury whilst 99% of the Uk people struggle to live their daily lives? 
 		Blood sucking leeches come in all colour and creed .  
 		Blood sucking leeches come in all colour and creed .  
 How long have you been on here. First thing you do is mute the Hitler lovers and the racists.  
 		I stand up for my race without hating everyone else. Go put on your white dunce cap, lowlife 
 		I stand up for my race without hating everyone else. Go put on your white dunce cap, lowlife 
     Tom, you get fired for speaking the truth and are labeled a "white supremacist".   listen to what they are advocating for us-this is ample proof that white genocide is Not a conspiracy, but factual!    
 	Kill Yourself First you Black Racist piece of Shit! 
 		sorry, I'm not black , but if you're referring to the nigger calling for the extermination of all whites including infants I could not agree more!  
 Well of course a nigger wrote it    
 Icymi:  via  
 		 
 		 
 Praise the Lord. He knows the truth!  
 	Parasite. 
 		Fake news    Momo was a paedo - truth  
 			Who cares 200k buy a plot of land 200k build a house. Who doesn't these days my shitty council house is worth 100k and I pay next to nout mortgage   
 				Don't get me started on the amount of people who'd love to buy Tommy a pint me included if we all did that why not buy him a fucking house. That cunt Gary fucking wanker Lineker earns 2.2 million of our money a year. Fuck me it's the least Tommy deserves. Grrrrrrrrr 
 . Also: say nigger and kike nonchalantly. It'll weed our the right people not suitable for the core.  
 How long before the Churchill statues are torn down? 
 	I'd actually support that tbh. 
 		It's amusing that there are still people out there that think this PoS should be some kind of rallying call for patriotards. "Oh noes! You can't attack muh based Winston Churchill, the man that conspired to get us into an unnecessary and costly war." 
 			Churchill is essentially John McCain, but 13 x’s worse. I’m sure the faggot is burning in hell. I genuinely hope so.  
 Kristen Bell says she finds multiple elements of Snow White to have bad messages for kids. Things like the non consensual kiss and taking apples from strangers.   She strongly implies this story is damaging to children.But Reads The Book To Her Kids Regularly   Typical "I will make a Sjw statement that I don't follow myself" 
 	just another pedowood cunt Npc 
     "Currie said Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs executive, has helped raise money for Democratic candidates and will be appearing with Menendez in Paterson the weekend before the election. "      Murphy is Goldman Sachs like Corzine was.  They are going to Paterson.    Paterson where 53% of the pop speak Spanish & 35% we're forgein born      Paterson is home to the third-largest Dominican-American Community in the United States, after New York City and Lawrence, Massachusetts.    Paterson is home to the largest Turkish-Americanimmigrant community in the United States (Little Istanbul) and the second largest Arab-Americancommunity after Dearborn, Michigan.[73] Paterson has been nicknamed Little Ramallah and contains a neighborhood with the same name in South Paterson, with an Arab American population estimated as high as 20,000 in 2015,[96][97] serving as the center of Paterson's growing Syrian American[53][54] and Palestinian American populations.[52] The Paterson-based Arab American Civic Association runs an Arabic language program in the Paterson Public Schools that serves 125 students at School 9 on Saturdays.[98] Paterson is also home to the largest Circassian immigrant community in the United States.[99][self-published source]   Reflective of these communities, Paterson and Prospect Park public schools observe Muslim holidays.[100]   Paterson has incorporated a rapidly growing Bangladeshi American community, which is estimated to number 15,000,[101] the largest in the United States outside New York City.[102] Mohammed Akhtaruzzaman was ultimately certified as the winner of the 2012 city council race in the Second Ward, making him North Jersey's first Bangladeshi-American elected official.[103] 
 	Yeah only the Dems are corrupt the  are clean and pure . In Fantasy Land. The One Party System is good you tools cannot even see it in action. This is why Democracy is a farce.  
 		Noone asked you to impart your pointless, Ill informed opinion.  Get off my post  
 				 I am just going to keep reposting this  who does not have the capacity for advanced comprehension or critical thinking    The big bad baby is calling me nasty names omg! He won the court of opinion 
 					Liz, where did you find the twink?  imagine gabbing from your momma's basement! 
 						Lol he found me when I connected Menendez & Murphy to Paterson's forgein born population.  I apparently hit a nerve. Must be on the right track 
 						Lol he found me when I connected Menendez & Murphy to Paterson's forgein born population.  I apparently hit a nerve. Must be on the right track 
     Busted. 
 	Ford should be charged with perjury, not that it will happen.  It is important to remember the democrats position, which is: Every lying cunt is to be believed, especially the obvious lying cunts. Furthermore, every male, including prepubescent boys is guilty of rape and/or sexual harassment. 
 Poll: 75% Likely Voters Say Celebrity Endorsements Not Important for Vote   
 	That much is obvious. These fools think they have some sort of influence over people, those days are long dead. Now we all interact with each other and see these good for nothing pieces of shit for what they are. Only the retarded give two fucks about anything they say or think 
 You are like a nigger screaming 'we wuz kangs'   What kind of a simpleton you have to be not to understand that Europe was inhabited  Tens of Thousands of years Before Scandinavia was?   Last ice age ended some 11,700 years ago, and population from South moved North, diverging I haplogroup into I1 and I2.   Just stop embarrassing yourself   
 Gabs fucking up, so I cant post the image of the Hitler quote "he who owns the youth owns the future" :) Fucking Gab @a You Retard This Site Has Been Fucked Eversince You Shoah'D The Frog!1 
 Collins & Flake were yes. Manchin in a yes. Murkowski is a no. 
 	Murkowski trying to make a name for herself, rather than her Daddy's ? Here's a name Cunt 
 Minnesota Teacher Resigns After Posting ‘Kill Kavanaugh’ Tweet      
 	Why isn’t that twat in jail? 
 		bukas are flammable. I cant believe lhe leftist, womens movement support her.  
 How do the English WW2 Veterans feel about their land of pure green today?    
 	That faggot should be castrated.  
 Centre-right. Like millions of decent folk :) 
 	I'm extreme right. The only thing right of me is anarchists. At least that's what they claimed before I buried them in the back yard. 
 		I'm a woman you useless waste of sperm. Neck yourself means hang yourself. Please do it because your genetics shouldn't be allowed to spread.  
 				Funny how I wasnt talking to you nigger fucker. 
 Good news! The witch was suspended, but she should be fired!   She's a special-ed teacher for God's sake!       
 	its like the retarded teaching the retarded 
 	its like the retarded teaching the retarded 
 This sounds suspiciously like a fake hate crime designed to avoid an investigation to me, but.    
 	She's a lying Nigger and a piece of shit.  No group, however stupid, would openly attack a gutter nigger whore like this.  She is making this up to cover some corruption or wrong doing on her niggah' part.  Porch chimp logic 101, blame whitey for their own misdeeds.  Dindu nuffin, gibs me dat. 
 I've been on gab for 2 days and here is my response, I appreciate free speech but I had no idea how many racists there are and now I know what black people are talking about 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 I used the mute button on Gab for 2 years, and I promoted Gab on Twitter and Facebook constantly as the only viable alternative to their left-wing censorship. But I prefer a platform that is now available, that does not promote Communism, Nazism or Islamism.  
 	Lolololol   Anyone who has enjoyed Matt Bracken's retarded race-blind fag-enabling imitations of 'Unintended Consequences' should do their best to get rid of 'Frimzizka' or whatever it's called. When it's gone he might, you know, actually do some writing again 
 Come on.really?  Personally I can do without the smut. I like you but I see this again I will have no choice but to mute you. Please respect my wishes. Thank you :)  
 	Crybaby sjw shills Theyre lashing out because  
 		I reported 3 sock shill accounts that some mentally ill faggot spent months building and I'm looking for more. Those accounts are gone 
 These are literally fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. Lol 
     Did you get gassed over there because of the bot sweep or specific targeting? 
 		Yeah, my last one was for targeting; but all I was doing was posting links to Gl, Cantwell, Occedental Dissent, & even Tds. I was just posting links, lol, not even sending them to anyone specifically. Outsider said is was that "Anon Calm" faggot but a different acct it has: "Anon Apache Hunt" or something like that. 
 17 year old boy snatched off the streets. Locked up in a flat & tied up. Savage after savage then repeatedly rape the young boy. After 5 days he is untied, beaten black & blue then dumped on the streets. This is England.  
 	Never forget (((who))) let these barbarians inside Europe in the first place.   
 		Yeah that one quote did it all . Not the Gentile Money Grubbing Cunt that employ the invaders to lower your wage . No it one Jew Cunt that did it all. Fucking Morons.  
  ---- "Fonda's not fond of America"  - please be kind and **repost** to support your humble original content creator :D  btw, my profile page has a higher concentration of original memes than Sen. Warren has Caucasian Dna. 
 		Yes, in all honestly she likely should have.  Treason's treason, after all. 
 		Yes, in all honestly she likely should have.  Treason's treason, after all. 
 		"Eh Meh Ged Ralf, Yuure A Fuking Race Mikser!"  What a retard - also, he's supposedly a /pol/ vet And a long-time Jim fan, yet still expects Jim to be his Personal Army? 
 Baltimore mayor announces taxpayer-funded legal defense fund for illegal immigrants. That's right folks. The left wants you to pay for your own demise.  
 	Dumb Nigger Shiksa. 
 Leftist German politician says 'old white men' threaten the future and could destroy Europe    
 	Whore Traitor .  Race Traitor too boot . .Be happy with your lack of "old white men" one day when Muslim leeches are all that is around  You Reap What You Sow You Cunt 
 'A Nigger by any other name would still rob, rape, murder.'   I am a poet! 
     No matter how they spin it. The likes of 'Facebook' and 'Twitter' are going the same way as 'My Space'   they're in terminal decline. Hiring Nick Clegg will only speed up the process. 
 		Must be a new 4d Chess Pr strategy that we're not aware of: hiring the most boring people on the planet to give a company some oomph.   Next announcement will be Ken Barlow as Ceo of Twitter. 
 		Must be a new 4d Chess Pr strategy that we're not aware of: hiring the most boring people on the planet to give a company some oomph.   Next announcement will be Ken Barlow as Ceo of Twitter. 
 so of course cuck faggot Rick Wilson "admires" Avenatti and adores his "giant, clanking balls" (while wiping drool from his chin no doubt). 
  took down account of disgusting, sick, vile, feminist, dyke Nazi Gergetown professor, Christine Fair!  Time to get the bitch fired from her job too!     !  Deleted - Locked - Suspended!    
 Barbaric Muzzie scums     
 nah im not faggot  
  
 	someone dox this cunt in germany so I can post his address to the local mosque and let nature correct it's mistake 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 	Jewish haters ? That makes no sense 
 		Angelo where do you get your information? 
 				Just like I said you have poor reading comprehension. Revelation 2:9 says they are Not Jews. But you say they are Jews. So you are wrong. 
 					Quotes scripture and calls Eddie a dumb fucking loser and a jew. Now, I have no love for the jew, because I know their intentions, but Andrew, you lose any credibility when you name call and throw out scripture. You are one dumb fucking cunt 
 	Love this guy! 
 	Hahaha 
 	Troll. Daca supporter.     
 	Early on I wasn’t the biggest fan of him. He has however more than made me proud in the last 12 months! 
 	Early on I wasn’t the biggest fan of him. He has however more than made me proud in the last 12 months! 
 Hello!  I just started using my Gab account, and so far, I love it. I'm a retired Army combat Veteran, married to an Active Duty Army infantryman, a mom to 6 great dogs and 2 cats, & a proud Republican.  I support the police & all other emergency services, & last but certainly not least, I proudly & gladly support our  President.   I hope to converse with you soon! 
 		Your comment is grammatically incorrect. The word nigger refers to impeding progress. What I believe you meant to say was  "Fuck off Person who's been repeatedly blown up for my right to treat in a disrespectful manner, even though I'm too stupid to understand how to accomplish it in the correct manner. " 
  (it slipped me by)   Faith Goldy and Laura Loomer team up in Toronto.  This video is pure gold (no pun intended) as they try and attend a Public Welcome Jihadi event.        Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: Please click the star next to the Marianne's Corner Topic (bc you need a Pro account to do this to my name instead) as I'm moving away from adding additional names to this list as it's getting quite lengthy.  If you would like your name removed please let me know.  Thank you all so much.                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                                                              
 	Stupid cop is so afraid of confrontation it's cracking me up.  - No to Sharia.  No to all muzzie scum. 
 Georgetown Prof Who Tweeted "Castrate Corpses" of White Men Placed on Leave  via  
 	Cunt needs a makeover, along with all the other piece of shit liberals with their big goofy fake circa 2014 nerd glasses they hide behind. 
 Perhaps the craziest part of this whole thing is his wife caught him in the act and went back to bed.    
 	First the bull whip and the the rope. 
 		and its a .  . oh well at least it was a nigger whore, so no humans were injured 
 17 members of the Nordic Resistance Movement charged for rioting and hate crimes.   The prosecutor says Nmr acted in a way that's "clearly linked to national socialists in the 30s and 40s and racial supremacy".   Nrm also called politicians/media "traitors of the people" which is a hate crime according to the prosecutor.   (in swedish)  
 	But of course. They know they can't counter what is being said so their favorite go-to tactic as always is to shut it down. 
 		That’s terrible. Those poor dudes. Just supporting their race and ideas.   If they were nigger Muslims, they would have been given a pass.  
 Report:  hits  with snide tweet over remarks at rally  via  Michael Lynch 
 	Shut up Dumb Cunt 
  
 	Fixed that for you: 
 		 
 			I sleep quite well at night. I am well grounded in my faith after 45 + years of study and am more than capable of defending my position.  Now, if you have contention with me or my Biblical Discernment and     dividing of the word and would desire to debate in a scholarly honest and pragmatic manner , we can do that respectfully. But if all you have is 'drive by slander' , you can just shove your head back up Hymie's    arse and Stfu.all due respect  little twat  Are We Clear? 
 			I sleep quite well at night. I am well grounded in my faith after 45 + years of study and am more than capable of defending my position.  Now, if you have contention with me or my Biblical Discernment and     dividing of the word and would desire to debate in a scholarly honest and pragmatic manner , we can do that respectfully. But if all you have is 'drive by slander' , you can just shove your head back up Hymie's    arse and Stfu.all due respect  little twat  Are We Clear? 
 Fucking prick this is a god damn lie. No such orders given.  Get fucked faggot 
 Jw uncovered bombshell docs showing that the Obama Admin sent U.S. taxpayer funds overseas to a group supported by the billionaire George Soros, which used that money to fund leftwing political activities benefiting the socialist government of Albania.  
 	That nigger SambObama has a lot to swing for. 
  
 	Poisoned the food supply, The foment all the racism and sexism thru the vile Retarded pieces of shit Leftists, and they brainwash people with all thier immoral sewage from the despicable Jewish Supremacist media and absolute Jewish scum propaganda of Hollywood!  Jews are morally degenerate scum! 
  
 	If we wait long enough the theocratic Left will redefine the words so much, nigger will no longer be a pejorative.  
 	If we wait long enough the theocratic Left will redefine the words so much, nigger will no longer be a pejorative.  
 	in all fairness, %99 of niggers never mature mentally past the age of 7. their ugly nigger gender neutral bodies just grow to adult nigger size 
  
 	Hillbilly   
 	Hillbilly   
  
 	I bet she want's more muzzie refugees let in thinking that if they will screw a donkey she might just have a good shot at getting laid 
 All you are concerned about is to brag about defending moslems, you pathetic piece of  Shit.     Go jump into volcano already, you useless, worthless imbecile. 
 			He says he is Danish Catholic.    
 			He's the part of Europe that needs to be destroyed one way or another so the rest can be saved. 
 			So he's a native traitor? Not a replacement citizen. 
 			So he's a native traitor? Not a replacement citizen. 
 Did Hillary Clinton ever play fair? Did she ever tell the unreconstructed truth? Did she murder her lover Vince, her political enemies, her husband's rivals? Was she ever willing to obey a law? Did she follow Saul Olinsky's "Rules for Radicals" in her path to destroy an amazing experiment in Democracy. This cunt would chew your leg off for a g-note. 
 	The above Babes should start 'Thinking about Life".  Which pair of cankles will be the first to sleep in a coffin? 
 	She'd ass-rape you with a hot poker for a century-note. . . 
 	She'd ass-rape you with a hot poker for a century-note. . . 
 Should had let Trey Gowdy done his magic to this lying cunt 
 Should had let Trey Gowdy done his magic to this lying cunt 
 Expected better from Spiked.    The usual crap about Tommy Robinson, scant knowledge of rape gangs. Quite a few have recommended they read Easy Meat by  I commented they should do a podcast with, Peter, they could certainly do with an expert on the subject.     
 	That stupid twat should do some bloody research before she makes an idiot of herself, but that is expecting a lot from a moron, I know 
 		Usually, Ella is pretty good but in this, she's out of her depth and it shows very badly.  
 		Usually, Ella is pretty good but in this, she's out of her depth and it shows very badly.  
 I'd have to agree. 
 	who's the faggot in the circle at the bottom of the flag pole? 
 	We kicked nigger ass so bad, they started putting plates in their lips and building their huts out of mud. From "visiting the stars" to lip plates and mud huts.   It's best as fuck to be white. 
 Jack, "neo-nazi" this is another give away code phrase of hysteria and propaganda.  Just like global warming is "racist" everyone that isn't a tranny faggot living in Germany is a "Nazi!" or "neo-nazi" or whatever.  Surprised he hasn't gone full retard yet.  Ns should be defined by you for what it means to you, not others. 
 Evil cunt 
    The war on whites intensifies, despite this brave man being jailed for defending himself, you still must defend yourself against niggers and the nigger loving police. 
 	And don’t forget, that nigger was on welfare from the day his nigger sow mother shit him out. Paid for by Medicaid.   These savages are paid for by productive Whites. And they hate and kill us.   Extermination of the nigger is only logical.  
 	Ya know, the lieberals can even fuck up a wonderful image - that of a beautiful dewy rose, freshly opened, fragrant and velvety soft; and all were "left" with are the pricks! Not that anyone cares what whale wailing Rosie onotsoposie thinks, but keep it up whale sheman, you're doing a splendiferous job of recruiting for the Trump party.  
 Barbra Streisand Uncovers Bombshell: ‘Donald Trump Has Never Owned a Dog’    
 	None of your muzzie friends have either Babs. 
 	None of your muzzie friends have either Babs. 
 Uk taxpayers will pay over two million pounds annually to monitor and keep safe a released Islamist, according to the Daily Mail.    
 	fookin hell. Give the cunt a helicopter ride. It will only cost a few grand to fly out to international waters 
 Not fucking pumpkin pie? Cherry pie because it tastes fine. But pumpkin pie is the nigger of pies. And its not edible unless there is whip cream 
 Breaking: White Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of 2nd-degree murder in the shooting death of black teen Laquan McDonald in Oct. 2014.   
 Breaking: White Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of 2nd-degree murder in the shooting death of black teen Laquan McDonald in Oct. 2014.   
 Its A Demokrautic Thing.To File False Police Reports.Ford.Muslum Cockroaches.Etc Etc Etc.Now This Freakazoid Dyke      Lock Them Up. Lock Them Up .Lock Them Up ! 
 bbc you will be utterly destroyed & anyone working for you will be thrown on the fire, you covered up the abuse & murder of children & employ the likes of graham norton a faggot who openly jokes about this criminality. 
 Many of you guys know I am not lily white.and not even Remotely Aryan. yet you have befriended me without hesitation.     The left wants to depict us as a festering hive of White Supremacist "nazis".     Gab is more than "Hate Speech".  For one thing, there is no such thing as hate speech.  It is a figment of emotion-driven leftist intolerance.    We are a vast community of free thinkers. We respect the opinions of others, though we may disagree.  We know that the First Amendment comes before all others, because tyranny begins the moment they attempt to silence us.    Color is inconsequential, but character is everything.     Good men and women died for My right to speak freely, and By God, I will.  Especially to fight leftist lies.    I  
 	Very well stated and the pigmentation of your skin does not make me dislike anyone but belligerency does from members of many communities.  No one escapes the madness.  Obama was the divider an 95 percent black followed the communist ass hole faggot communist Muslim Pos.  He is the reason, so many people are angry at one another.  
  
 	. 
 		Christianity is dying all over Europe, and you can't do anything about that. 
 			2 billion christians in Europe silly bollox.  How many pagans.  Apart from hindus? 
 					You ate a jew just attacking christians with paganism.  Europe is christian and will remain so.  There will never be an pagan europe 
 							Tell that to the ions of christians in the wars who died for your freedom you silly distrespecful cunt 
 Us Only 2018 
 	Don't be an idiot.  Illegal aliens stay as far away from government offices and agents including voting stations as they can get.  If we got rid of all 8,000,000 illegal aliens the Usa would lose billions in taxes & revenues while costing less in benefits they can't receive like Snap, Wic, Ssi, Ssdi, Vocational Rehabilitation, Promise, etc. 
 		>33 million illegals   Ftfy 
 			According to Ice/Ins, Homeland Security & Usd of Demographics, the est. no. in the 2014 report was 11.8-12.1 million but since then, especially in 2017-18, that figure has declined to under 11.6 million & we're getting fewer from our Southern border but more from over the Us-Canadian border.  I was unable to locate a reliable source for your figure of 33M. 
 				Everyone of this "guys" stats are bull   The border is more porous than ever - completely unsecured areas along Us 281 between Falfurrias  & Us 77    I travel these routes, often dodging illegals crossing the road on foot after coming through an opening in the fence 
 					The word is guy's, Turk.  Were you born an English speaker.  How do you tell the refugees from the illegal immigrants?  The 2014 Dept. of Homeland Security report (pg. 2 or 3) is on their website.  You can find all of the figures I wrote by entering Usa.gov; Ice, or current illegal population in the Usa but you'll get several sites.   Verify facts by going to Snopes. 
 							Your mother clearly made the Wrong Choice!   Please kill yourself as you do not have a functioning brain! You are a brainwashed retarded monkey brain! Again, I am not a Democrat or Jewish who have done all the orchestrated shootings!  All Democrats are just a retarded software program of misinformation just liike you gave because you cannot think for yourself! Go away you despicable piece of excrement! 
 pasta nigger 
 So weird. But at lease they have a sense of humor   Or is that a warning to her to keep quit,    (Don't Ya Jes Love It)                   
 		I am not so sure. 
 		I am not so sure. 
  
 	And what is the Christian God all about?    Romans 2:11   Leviticus 19:33-34   Acts 10:34-35   Colossians 3:10-11   Galatians 3:23-29 
 		Since you seem keen to embarrass yourself in matters you don't understand please do go on. 
 			I was a devout Christian for almost 20y. My understanding is fine.  
 				Ok faggot bye bye now.   
  
 	No that is what a Nigger and Jew look like.  
 Cnn Declare Kanye West Mentally Ill For Supporting Trump     
 	Well if anyone is Expert enough to make that assumption, it most certainly would be Cunt News Network. The set is filled with retards! 
 A Special Gallows Is What'S Needed For Rr 
 	Rod Rosenstein,   This Faggot looking    Cocksucker!   If he didn’t    Have Something To Hide!   Stack Of Shit, Lying,   Treasonous, Fuckstick! 
 White men want Equal rights, not special rights, like the nigger has 
 The left is a disgrace. 
 		he's already been passed around a bunch of times and filled with hot pozloads by his dad, and all the other drug addled queens they know.  just give it a few months and let AIDSchan take care of things.  
  
 	Faggot 
 Retarded boomer QLARPers with too much disposable income me thinks. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Lol   Yep those things are less dangerous than Maxine Waters wig hat and flapping nigger lips   
 Can someone tell me if this is a real anime girl, or did this site make their own for this piece?   
 	I'm no angel I've watched porn. they start you with several enticements:  man with woman, woman with woman, woman with horse, men with men, men with animals, then it goes into Child Porn . ! 
 		Ugh. Reactionaries. People like you are the most authoritarian and despotic people. Isn't the drug war enough? 
 			No matter who's in charge whether  it's from  the Lunatic Left or Retard Right we'll always have this kind of retarded gobshite to deal with.  
 These feminazi women screaming for equal rights actually have a Sharia Law advocate for their leader   It is mind numbing that they are this stupid.    
 	And Your a Muslim Cunt Pushing Sharia Law= Female Genital Mutilation, Child Marriage(Rape), Honor Killings etc. 
 for those that may wonder who the fuck im talking to. im taunting the powers that be fuckin retarded 
 Can’t win fair and square so they will resort to treason or worse? 
 	I've been following this as well.  They've been discussing stacking the court as well as impeachment.  It's only going to get more interesting. 
 		Wait till there are 6 conservative justices. What do you think they have cooked up for Amy Barrett? 
 			"Uses the N word all the time. Can't say ten words without Nigger bein' one of them. I heards her deny the holocausts, two." 
 the 30% must not be fllowed to Vote In My country but  cunt like you would support it like they do in Ca 
 This is really an interesting study in just how far homosexual & trans-gender mental illness can take you. Hollywood could make a movie off of this one.    'Death Wish Xiii: The Tehran Flying Experience' .lol 
 	        - "Lucy Vallender used to be called 'Laurens', and says she is finally 'true to herself' after a sex change [in 2010]. The 28-year-old is now married to a Muslim man she met on an online dating site- he did not know she was once a man when they wed". 
 			 - Yeah I heard about that. Apartment with a beautiful view- a lovely terrace- very few passers-by on pavement below- ideal for this honeymoon couple. 
 			 - Yeah I heard about that. Apartment with a beautiful view- a lovely terrace- very few passers-by on pavement below- ideal for this honeymoon couple. 
  @a c/c     There are obvious foreign trolls on Gab, posing as White Nationalists & Trump supporters.   They are currently trying to sow division, demoralize conservative voters, spreading anti-Trump/anti-Republican propaganda, and discouraging people from voting.   This is foreign election interference. Will Gab do anything about this? 
 	Hopefully no. We don't need any echo chambers. If your ideology can't withstand a little shit posting, then your ideology is trash! You political rivals will throw everything they can at you, and it will be you looking like an Npc if all you can do is spout buzzwords. 
 		I'm not interested in talking to you. You're a fucking retard and you are wasting my fucking time. Normal human beings don't keep posting at people to try and annoy them. You are a paid troll or just a deadset fucking fruitloop with no purpose in life. Fuck off. 
 During times of greatest moral and ethical crisis people will side with those noble leaders who possess the greatest number of guns. (From "Adjustment Day", by Chuck Palahniuk, author of Fight Club).     
 	I don't want to come across as a cunt but that was a long while back. We need a new empire, on the level of nat soc Germany. We can't keep talking about what happend in the good old days. We need to make something like that happen again and for real . And fucking Soon. We need something as powerful as that, or we have no chance, against the White Genocide machine.  We need to become the dominant White Power , once more. 
 		Agreed.  
 		Once more and this time Permanent! Have we finally learned I wonder. 
 		yup 
 		thnx 
 		thnx 
 Patriot's Diary   10/14/18   Papa Google sanitizes You-Boob for your simple minds   In going back to the beginning of this group, as part of my ongoing (labor intensive) attempt to index contents for easier retrieval & reference, (to combat the glug factor), I am struck by just how many video links to bloody You-Boob don't work anymore.    Fuxsake, Larry Page!  Get off your high horse!   Many of these were documentary in nature. There was the one posted by the lady in London, who dared to complain to the Park Police about the Muslim arses-in-the-air, who were 'praying' in contravention of the Park Rules. (Well, when we say 'praying', we mean of course publicly demonstrating tribal & cult solidarity/intimidating the locals). For this heinous crime, Creepy Cressida's shock troops responded in force. Despite soaring London street crime, mugging, acid attacks, and the cultural enrichment hobby of stabbing people, our complainant lady merited a shock trooper raid on her apartment early the following morning. The lady in question rather brilliantly video logged the whole affair. A bunch of strapping brave plastic cops all ah-banging on her door, and hollering threats. Frankly, any dispassionate observer of a reasonable outlook, would conclude that the Met made themselves look childishly ridiculous. I even wrote a terrible poem about it. (Which, if my index work was completed, I could proudly link to).  This whole farce of a raid-in-force, was then 'justified' by some vague allegation that the lady in question had made (wait for it, with for it) (roll of the drums.) (trumpets?) a 'homo-phobic comment'.  Say, what? Have you guys nothing better to do? Of course, it turned out that she was quite right. It Was against the park rules. Which apply to Everybody, right? Right?    Why are you laughing dryly?   The video really provided great ammo for those cultural derelicts among us, who dare suggest that the Uk is moving a warp speed towards a Monty Python type, tragi-comic failed statehood. With totalitarian over reach where the Nationals are concerned, and all-is-permitted for the Muslims and Africans. (Ffs don't upset the Muzzies, Fred!)   Result?   Pappa Larry at Google, convinced of his moral superiority, ordered his troops to pull the plug on that video. And thousands more.   So, folks. 1) If you want to post a video, don't waste your time linking to You-Boob. Download it, and post it on Bitchute. Then link to it.  2)_ Use Duck-duck-go.   Google has Far too much power for creepy, Big Brother type mischief. They are increasingly openly abusing that power. Arrogant!   Let's send Them a message.  I see the searches for Duck-duck-go are running very high.   Good. 
 	Some people now say "redacted" instead of speaking certain oft-censored words (usually it's obvious what they're referring to). because it appears Yt's method is to parse the transcript, and its voice recognition is good enough for the purpose. I don't know if transcription can be turned off, or if doing so would help. 
 		oft-censored words.  let me guess:   Muslim, African, Shariah, refugee, Tommy Robinson, Patriot, Sweden, hand grenades, Albanian drug gangs, Ngo's, Britain First, Fgm, first cousin marrying, birth defects, genocide, rape, grooming gangs, mosque, Somali, Eritrean, race, retard low Iq.   I get it - thanks.   (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted), (redacted).   Much better. And you are right:  (usually it's obvious what they're referring to).   Same. Old. Song.    Broken record, eh? 
 			How did you guess!  
 				Easy. I'm into familiar Old songs.   I hum one every morning. When I look in the mirror.    
 			Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 			Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
  
 	Half Nigger Zerobama ! 
 Carbon dating tests show combined age older than dirt.     
 	Their age is irrelevant bc when they finally disintegrate, California will just replace them with two younger retarded liberals who are even more to the left than they are. 
 "Being mentally ill is God's greatest gift to me," says the butt-sore faggot as he wipes his chin. 
  I will nottolerate the use of the c word Ever.     You are muted    You should know better. 
 		Lol, sensitive cunt  :D 
 The Synagogue shooter said ethnic cleansing programs sponsored by Hias are what he was mad about.     Why is Gab being blamed?     If there's a culprit other than Robert Bowery, it's not the First Amendment.      
 	They did the same thing with that spic they blamed for the pipe bombs sent to our favorite globalist crew. Said he was a Trump supporter. Cuz being a Trump supporter is relevant to being a terrorist. Whenever a kebab self detonates the media says the motive is uncertain. 
 The high school freshman was lost and knocking on the doors of houses, cops said  
 	I would have shot that nigger in his criminal eye just like I would shoot a reporter from the Ny post. Fuck off  
 	Lol Told you about this before Eric. As a Jewish guy you should be very careful about classifying people as sub-species. Not far off different species. The Jew haters already consider you not human and are trying to find pseudoscience to prove it. 
 			Set one off Eric  ;) 
 					Interesting! An antisemitic gay hating racist calling Other people vile. There's one for the Guiness Book of Records. My mate Jane's gay son is friends with the gay editor of the Guiness Book of Records, Craig,  in fact. I'll ask him to put you in it next year lol 
 							This is what normal folk on Twitter think of you and your "theories" bloke  
 												Lol The Jews will never let them go and if the Brits are like this faggot they are done for.  
 		If I wear a Yoda shirt to the next Trump rally will that make Star Wars real? 
 			I warned you guys to stay out of counter-signalling months ago! 
 					You're speaking to an Ar autist that was on the chans when the first post dropped and is 100s of hours into it, so many of the anons that do all the work are /ourguys/ the surface vocal social media Ar is a hive-mind that takes ages to catch up. so gl with all that. 
 						Qanon is a flat Earth tier spew of pus that should be sterilized with a blowtorch. 
 							I know you don't have the attention span for it, but that is okay. 
 																	Do you remotely comprehend what it is going on?  >Trump pls telegraph to your enemies precisely when you are going to do X so they can plan for it  Wtf none of this is about specific predictions in advance, it Never has been. Events occur which then match with posts made. Attached re Fisa Declas date - signed 17th Sep. 
 Major Trump fuckup tonight    
 	Don't know much about Ethanol and affects it has on engines and pollution. But if this helps Us farmers and gives us more choice on biofuel or fuel for the matter, i'm for it. How bad can it be if made from Corn? We know fossil fuel is very pollutant and deadly, so why the uproar on Corn fuel? It's creating jobs and driving Us farm. Cheaper gas? I'm for it. 
 		Useless retard muted 
        
 	I can't stand this Faggot Maggot Neil Patrick Harris. He is like all of them an evil Pos 
  The Guardian are such drama queens :o) 
 	David Lawrence.another muzzie sympathizer. 
 Fuck off, they can poke us Brits for a while until it goes off, this is in Speakers Corner and these muzzie cunts are deluded if they think that this would happen anywhere else. Sort out your own back yard ffs patronising cunt! 
 And yet our heroes kept patiently working on The Plan, instead of rushing into action. Because The Plan Had to succeed, and they knew they would only get one chance.        #Q 
 	Every day it takes you to realize the current fake Q=Soros, your Iq score goes down.   And we're already at room temperature. 
 		Paesur don't be a cunt. A retard like me pick you to bits show the post you claim you didn't assume and undermine another person. You can't.  
 I am done with the Gop. I refuse to be associated with such a nigger & kike loving faction. They deserve nothing from whites.  
 The only thing that fat old twat can do is bag and tag that thing it calls a wife. 
 They call women "feminists" but then sit there pontificating on their sexual preferences in women Openly in Mixed Company. I never see women doing this.    "Okay here's my list of things I find hot on a man" - is a conversation I have in private with my girlfriends.     The right wing is fucked. And this is the Least of the retarded bullshit that was Once considered "locker room talk" that the bottom feeders in the Dolt Right just verbally vomit on social media.    Go back to being liberals. You sure act like people with zero standards of behavior whatsoever. 
 	Whoops. I did it again. Screenshot this! 
 		I agree but I believe that is far more common amoungst the incel Reddit crowd.  Furthermore, your enumeration is just one of many on my list of fuck it, let it burn. 
 	If you are upset about me, the discussion was about the way feminists protestors and how they are treating the government like married men. Someone said all women was feminists and I disagreed telling them that women have natural desires as well as men. 
 		no I was just flooded by tons of posts talking about tits and ass lol wtf  
 			No, people are naming their preferences, I was talking about male natural attraction traits and female natural attraction traits. 
 	I'm not sure what you're refering, I'm guessing rather explicit things, sometimes it's good for guys, specially younger guys, to know what a woman finds atractive. However with that I mean being assertive, masculine, confident, etc. Talking about sex in public, yeah, I've always hated that. 
 	Not right wing. Not Altright. Not /ourgirl/. 
 	Not right wing. Not Altright. Not /ourgirl/. 
 Locked from twatter again for "unusual behavior", perhaps because I said the nigger word. Why not get prompted to delet tho? 
 							Actually it is Just Tight than that . your word is for weaklings. It does not matter . Truth is Not a Weapon. Hemlock? 
 												Guess who's bringing the sandniggers here, dipshit 
 It was a Faggot In A Dress Moron. 
 While you were ranting and raving-   Bill Cosby, America's Nigger Dad Went To Prison!    Hahahahaahahaha aaahahahahhaahahaa 
 Only retarded person here is you, pussy. 
 	obongo is still popular world wide cause ppl are fucking retarded. So Net-fucks is trying to expand internationally. Thats why they are hiring commies like the cunt Rice.  
 		Vancouver, Wa. on the other hand is 90% white, and zero raghead rats. It's clean. There's no crime, and people are smart and friendly. You can even watch the ignorant antifa across the bridge in Portland doing stupid things like throwing bottles at the police. Not in Vancouver. 
 That spic is an honorary aryan! 
 We need less empathy. Look where empathy has gotten us. Without empathy that nigger would be in chains or dead. 
 Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger 
 Piss on the nigger bitch 
 saw this on Reddit 
 	This is such a terrible boomer meme. Merkel is a communist. National Socialism fights communism. Jfc I can’t.   wtf!  
 		or how about this recently discovered love photo that hitler sent to his boyfriend Rohm ? 
 					I know that Rohm retired to south america but his boyfriend Adolf begged him to cum back 
 							Tfw ur so indoctrinated you absolutely refuse to do any research, you just keep strong opinions on things speculated by jews & your liberal teachers.   I remember when I thought I knew everything. Then, I researched All forms of gov & found National Socialism isnt Communist Socialism!   This is supposed to be an adult! This is a pathetic child in an adults body. 
 							Tfw ur so indoctrinated you absolutely refuse to do any research, you just keep strong opinions on things speculated by jews & your liberal teachers.   I remember when I thought I knew everything. Then, I researched All forms of gov & found National Socialism isnt Communist Socialism!   This is supposed to be an adult! This is a pathetic child in an adults body. 
 Is that 'mirror' what I think it is? 
 	redneck  
 	redneck  
 You can clearly see where Spartacus gets his pay checks from. 
 	Corey Booker is an mixed-race evil scumbag communist nigger 
 Canadians freeze to death in Toronto while "refugees" remain in hotels.   
 	trudeau castro's bastard spawn is a world class cunt 
 .@joanwalsh on Kavanaugh hiring female clerks: "I mean the female clerks, I guess that’s great, Kate. He’s talked about that before. It felt a little bit like pandering to me."     
 	Cnn The Total Cunt Network.  
 	Cnn The Total Cunt Network.  
 	I can't wait for the day the judicial system shuts this cunt down. 
 	I can't wait for the day the judicial system shuts this cunt down. 
 "Race Traitor of the Week Award" goes to Sen. Elizabeth Warren. She has released result of her Dna examination, revealing that she has approx. one-percent American Indian Dna.   That's the heritage she identifies with: the 1% non-White, not the 99% White. This is more than just a lack of White pride, it is racial self-loathing.       
 		Bob Mathews said: "If you think you're White, and we think you're White, then you are White." Elizabeth Warren has chosen Not to consider herself as White - so be it! 
 		I just can't consider a person  if they have even 1%  in them. 
 Depicting whites as credit card fraudsters, scamming the "honest hard working" non-whites. Just like house break-in ads always depict white people as the perps. Only in their fantasy-land    
 	"Depicting whites as credit card fraudsters"  In this case it is true for jews who look white. Carlos Slims is more semite than wetback 
 Checkmate all you parents!  
 	Know One Said U Have To Stay U Fucking Freeloader . Please Feel Free To Play In Traffic Or Search Ur Moms Med CABInET .Whatever Is The Easiest 4 U Faggot  
 	Know One Said U Have To Stay U Fucking Freeloader . Please Feel Free To Play In Traffic Or Search Ur Moms Med CABInET .Whatever Is The Easiest 4 U Faggot  
  
 	Proper little cunt 
 	Proper little cunt 
 	The nog probably saw the Jew with the beanie and figured he had lots of shekels. If the nog really wanted to be racist he would have gone after a regular clean cut white dude or woman. Same with with nogs and gays. Criminal nogs aren't that anti-faggot, they just think faggots are an easily target with shekels - so they mug them. Watch some faggot might have a gun. 
 I dont use it. I had an account for harrassing retarded leftist people but I cant even view the site unless I give them my phone #.  
 "Racist bitter old men who happen to be stuck in the past."  Says the nigger who has connections to Black Lives Matter. If you really want to make a difference, go to Liberia, Ghana, or Nigeria. American white people have had enough of Blm. 
 My faggot fucking grandpa wanted me to live amongst this, he wanted this for my future, he was so brave 
 Your wife is a fucking whore for even considering being with a dumb proto human ape nigger like you.  
 Hey, according to 23 and Me who totally aren't adding this to everyone's results in some failed attempt at shaming like you are right now I am like 0.9% Sub-Saharan African.   That means I can say nigger as much as I want. Those are the rules, racist. 
 he's a dirty nigger period. 
 QAnon Makes False Allegations About Alex Jones   
 	I use to listen to him till he did the Fuck Trump  and that was it .for me .  He Became More Like Glenn Beck  who was good on fox but he lost it too    
 		dont go away mad Just Go Away Retard  
 What kinda fuckin retard turns into a prepper because of zombie films and shows?    You dipshits know that shit aint real, right? 
 	 
 	 
 		Exactly, they are programmed to be subversive Liars! 
 	Hillary wins for Old Moldy Cunt that smells like spoiled cabbage 
 Will the great state of Maryland sink so low as to put a nigger in the Governors Mansion this November ? 
  
 	Enemy of the united states? Soros is a menace to humanity and the future of humankind itself 
 		Prison is too good for that wizened old scote Soros. Send the geriatric cunt back to Hungary after stripping him of Us citizenship. 
 0 passed himself off as a Christian to get elected, reelected then came out of the closet as an islamofascist when it suited him. It's a leftist thing.    
 	once a Muslim Nigger, always a Muslim Nigger 
 Does this mean Fred Reed could swing by & pick up a dozen wetback girls under 12, or would it go back to the way before Trump?   Asking for a friend         
 This is the cuckest shit I've ever seen. When I saw this I wanted to punched the screen why the fuck do we let these assholes on our Television and run our entertainment. America deserves a better class of entertainers.  
 	No, America does Not deserve better.  50% of America are blithering, overweight fucksticks on government or grant incomes who couldn't decipher a Sudoku puzzle if their life depending on it. 
 		what kind of southern redneck would refer to himself as "Dark Ninja"?    Answer?  Nobody.     Back back to Soros and beg him for a better title. 
 		what kind of southern redneck would refer to himself as "Dark Ninja"?    Answer?  Nobody.     Back back to Soros and beg him for a better title. 
   There are very few of you and millions of us veterans who actually believe ‘all men are created equal’.  Stay hidden in your Internet hovels-don’t ever come out in public because you will be in big trouble if you do. Bang  
 		He-he Of course I would. If I met a Nazi in meatspace who wanted to kill Jews and blacks I wouldn’t even blink before I started pulling. And their are millions upon millions just like me.  Including the Vast majority of vets. Try wiping the hate out of your eyes and you’d see.  
 		Coheren’t 
 		It's not out of hate that Nationalists speak but out of love for their own people. Of course there would be resentment after being invaded by foreigners. Why wouldn't there be? Segregation occurs naturally, unimposed, yet you posture yourself a hero fighting racism out of sheer ignorance of what is really happening. 
 		 Actually, I don’t Disagree with anything you say  here nazigirl. But Sadly your dementia starts to show when you smear the entire black race with one broad brush.  That goes for jooos to douche bag  
 		This is real life so listen up and tell all your Nazi pals: you want to kill me because of my religion. If we ever meet I will use all the lawful force necessary up to and including lethal deadly force in order to negate the threat you pose to me and mine in accordance with laws of the state in which I reside. Got it?  Good. 
 			I thought Jews liked being adversarial annoyances. This one seems slightly  
 		I didn't threaten you, scared cuck bitch. 
 Brett stevens is a faggot 
 Puritanism isn't a good look on anyone, and the madness of not knowing fiction from reality even less so. 
 		What a nuanced and relevant rebuttal to my statement that not knowing the difference between reality and fiction is a bad look.   You completely dismantled my whole argument with your choice words.   Well done. 
 			Your welcome  
 			Your welcome  
 I think the real reason google plus is being shut down is because there was too much freedom of speeches in google plus and they couldn't find the budget for a "trust and safety council". 
 	*there was too much freedom of speeches in google plus and they couldn't find the budget for a "trust and safety council* Are you fucking serious? That has to be the biggest bunch of bullshit i ever heard in my life. and like most people on here. you have no evidence or proof to back up your claim. Until you have proof that states otherwise. Please shut the fuck up! 
 				You obviously never used G+. There was freedom ion G+ because it was completly left alone to die. They didn't care about it, so obviously they wouldn't moderate it either. So he was right about that. 
 						Did somebody hurt you? do you want to talk about it? 
 						 , you are a Goolag employer , 100%    
 						 , you are a Goolag employer , 100%    
 Developing: Conflicting Reports on White House Also Targeted by Mail Bomb   The Obamas, Clintons, Soros, and Cnn all received similar packages. Interesting. False flag? Distraction? Probably :P       
 	This will end up with Crisis actors . 
 		Hmmm yeah, maybe redneck actor arrest then release wrong guy or. who knows lol 
 		Hmmm yeah, maybe redneck actor arrest then release wrong guy or. who knows lol 
 This brain dead twat is a model   
 Ahahahah Look At This Faggot 
 Hey Nazi’s, you know hitler didn’t believe in the second amendment, right ? So, have you given up your arms yet, and are you ready to be under state owned enslavement ? Both of these guys were selling an absolute lie, from which they, their friends, and comrades benefited greatly ! 
 	 
 		let me rephrase it, when atheist faggot pedophile activists pretend to be Christians for the purpose of violating children, that's called a 'felony', but when Jews give infants herpes while legally sucking blood from their penis, that's called as a 'religious right'. 
 Malcolm Jenkins & Eric Reid almost got into a fight over whose way is the right way to protest during the national anthem. Lol. They probably won't see the irony that people who get into fights over such trivial things are more likely to have police problems.   *Support us by supporting our advertisers.    
 	Every time I see a nigger named "Jenkins", the first thing that pops in my head is "jenkum". 
 	What 80s movie did this has been pop out of? 
 		Ford wasn't even raped.  But, if Kavanaugh had even made a sexual allusion the Dims would call it Rape.  Insanity! 
 			The impact word is rape and they can use it anywhere.   Every Demoncrat Senator Speech has focused on Rape, Lies, and Fbi Failure.  Demoncrats actively calling for . Still yelling at their frothing masses to get in their faces Active threats against all Republicans and the Demoncrats are Raping Their Followers by pushing them to riot. 
 				Trying to start  movement to protect Both Sexes.  Non partisan.  No politics, just the Law.  Please comment Mac.  Addd to the idea.   Cheers 
 					  Thanks for the invite to the discussion. I understand the want for another side of the movement. I feel adding another  just makes it too easy to keep the discourse online. We need more face to face discussions without megaphones  . I’m always open to changing my mind if someone disproves my argument with facts. Cheers!  
 						1st statement.   is designed as a Portal to protect both male and female sexes within existing laws and rights regarding physical and sexual assaults.  It is to be understood that both genders must be protected and both have the rights within our system of jurisprudence to be afforded that protection. 
 							give me a break a hash tag?   
 								Hi Lea,   Virgin to social media.  Don't even know how to contact.  What would you suggest to get my idea for truth and justice going?  I'm not naive.  Help me and others who may think Mentoo has merit.  Ball's in your court.   Cheers 
 										So if someone robs you or beats you to near death and you don’t report it, it never happened? What kind of a fucking retard are you?  
 :    loses Usb stick that could potentially compromise airport security, including putting Queen Elizabeth Ii, politicians and VIPs at risk.            
 	If its on a Flash drive, more than likely, it is not an authorized copy of the security information.  It is more likely the data was stolen using a flash drive to    be delivered to bad people.  If that's the case, We are actually lucky the perps lost it. 
 		It was an accident of course, no Muslims would ever get jobs at airports then steal this stuff, they would never give it to thier half retarded cousin to blow up a plane. All Muslims love everyone & practice a religion founded in peace & love.   
 Selling stuff on Letgo or offer up >hey is it available? <yeah  >oh sorry thought you were closer not interested <what gave you that idea? >oh I'm a retard that can't read descriptions.   
 Barack Obama called next month's midterms "an opportunity for us to stop the bleeding, to restore a sense of hope and promise, to, in very concrete terms, save peoples' lives and make sure they have health care."  
 	Fuck Ovomit. That Nigger Should Have Never Been Elected! 
 I have a friend who considers himself a right-wing Christian. He is livid that I refuse to vote in the midterms (and has even threatened to end our friendship). His problem is that he listens to alt media filling his head with 4-D chess narratives.    This is why I have nothing but harsh invective for the American alt-right. You assholes are leading us off a cliff. 
 		I'm not here to argue with shills and idiots. That's one of the tactics all shills share. "If you don't spend an hour of your time for free arguing with me (and another 80 hours a week arguing with my colleagues), then you are a shill or wrong." No. You are getting paid, so you have the time and it's your job, slave. We don't have to do shit. 
 			Another low Iq comment.   Shill   Either address my points or shut up. 
 				Yes, it's a low Iq comment because a retard said so. Fuck off and pester someone else. 
 		Well I don't think Mormonism is a "American society", it's like a religion or cult within a society.  Mormonism works well in a host nation for a few reasons.  1. Most mormons aren't polygamous. 2. It's not all consuming like Islam (i.e. there are secular and women of other religions to feed on) 
 			while I empathize with your opinion, Mormonism is a religion, a culture, and a society   it is without doubt derived from American civilization even if we describe it as a descendant of American civilization and not a part of America   despite mainstream Mormonism's rejection of polygyny, the fundamentalist branches use polygyny to grow   that's a lesson for us 
 					Ive been that guy with >1 gf/date [note: money isnt a limit]   I understand that makes other men angry   it's not hard to spin plates in this modern (post-1960's) era   but. polygyny (>1 woman marriage) requires women officially share a husband - most wont do that even if facing crushing loneliness   & many women wont share male attention b4 marriage 
 						As with chimps, if someone is hogging too many of them women, the betas will gang up on the alpha and kill him. Personally, I prefer civilization to constant warfare.  Read closely, it isn't good for alphas or betas or the tribe at all:  
 							In Anglo-Saxon common law the criminal element of murdering someone who is fucking your wife (crime of passion) often has diminished punishment. Degeneracy is frowned upon in the west due to the way Aryans evolved. Read Culture of Critique.  
 								[i'm getting a bit tired of "read [insert article]"   tell me whatever you want to say, or move along 
 														And how is it different than you thinking you can fuck multiple women without consequence?  It's the same retard degenerate nigger tier shit, just inverted. 
 Media is Live Y'all!  Thank you @a & @e  
 	I was logged out of gab and could not get back in for an hour or so.  Is that normal?   
 		I was logged out too. Took forever to remember my password. All good now. 
 			Good to hear.     I found myself in a hive of white supremacists today and I thought it may have had something to do with it.  lol 
 				I understand if any kids come to my home dressed as ghosts for Halloween, I should not give them candy because they are white supremacists.  Beware. 
 					Hahahahaha!  I am going to wear blackface And a ghost costume. 
 						Its funny, like the boy who cried wolf.  These cowardly dems think the wrong people are white supremacists.  They dont see the truth, because they dont want to.  Its easy for them to forget the dems started the Kkk and the president who freed the blacks was a repub.  They would rather believe the lies 
 									Don't forget xenophobic, cisgender, hyper-privileged Trumptards! 
 										Hey! that resembles me! 
 										Hey! that resembles me! 
 Rt :    Jason Van Dyke -- the first Chicago police officer to be charged with murder in 50 years for an on-duty shooting -- was taken into custody moments after being convicted in the death of black teenager Laquan McDonald.  
 Rt :    Jason Van Dyke -- the first Chicago police officer to be charged with murder in 50 years for an on-duty shooting -- was taken into custody moments after being convicted in the death of black teenager Laquan McDonald.  
 	Fucking wankers! I’d kick that cunt repeatedly! Evil bastard! 
 Fam.when you call someone an Npc just for disagreeing with you or liking things you don't like.that's very Npc like behavior. Aka,it's dehumanizing someone for not "falling in line". And if you think only the left is guilty of it you're wrong. They're the worst offenders right now but give it time,that can easily change. 
 	>claiming depictions of children in sexual acts is not pedophilia  >claiming that those who think your sexualization of depictions of children is disgusting are just as bad as SJWs  >your content in general  man this is some serious mental gymnastics. I'm good, but not That good 
 		Brendon,I only have a limited character count but.By that argument.let's say I read Walking Dead or Game of Thrones.am I therefore "pro" genocide,pro incest,pro child murder,and "pro" medieval ethics? If I liked Halloween am I pro serial killing? If I like shooter games am I a fan of the Columbine shooters? C'mon m8,don't take the low road. 
 			>limited character count   oh that's right you're not pro lol.   I never read Walking Dead, Fuck Game of Thrones, fuck Halloween, And I do like shooter games and hey someone's gotta beat Cho's high score man    but please do try and have a logical argument with an autistic twat who prides himself in the finest shitposts on Gab and who values online debates the same as the crap that comes out of my ass. 
 Cancellation, that’s what.   I will not watch The Connors. I will not even torrent it.  You cannot have Roseanne without Roseanne.   Fuck Abc for destroying the most nostalgic, successful reboot in Tv history.  
 	I don't really care about Roseanne, but how good would it be if they have to backtrack in some retarded way?  Scenes freeze at random points, ghost Roseanne walks on and commentates on her family's life without her. Or they show the first episode where she dies and then the second one has it being all a dream.  
 Lasted a week at Facebook.after 40 days and 40 nights in the gulag.      I wrote this during the Dark Ages in America 7 years ago. 
 	I was on for 5 days before my last 30 day ban, Lol< its's actually kinda fun. I still got 12 days left before I go back to shit posting on Fb 
 		Irony:  Listening to Trump while reading your post.  Stock market up 270 points and Trump is kicking ass.  The Left was killing America and I despised everything those bastards were doing.    Obama called it the New Normal.  I called it: Nigger Rigged!  A Presidential Solution. ;-) 
  
 	This fucktard should not be in Congress. I'm more of an American patriot than this fairy gay faggot and I'm originally from Canada. Even I know more about the Constitution than this dumb bitch, and I only took one American History course back in Grade 10. 
 Maryland police officer Ryan Macklin charged with raping woman during traffic stop    
 	nigger 
 What a shit show. Go to wwf if you want to just hug your damn opponent. That isn't fighting. 
 		I grew up taking part in "hugging matches" while you played call of duty in a trailer. You insult my sport, I'm going to call you a faggot and offer a fight. That way you can see what a hugging match feels like.  
 Just A Sweet Picture of Flotus In Africa.     
 		Cuddling a  nigger as Whites are murdered by niggers. 
 	Hey Hunt the Cunt enjoy your time being a Sperm receptacle for all those Black Bucks they love white boys with a beard it reminds them of their bitches holes! 
 	right well caps locks nigger is real because ive seen his hands in a food picture.  
 			while I empathize with your opinion, Mormonism is a religion, a culture, and a society   it is without doubt derived from American civilization even if we describe it as a descendant of American civilization and not a part of America   despite mainstream Mormonism's rejection of polygyny, the fundamentalist branches use polygyny to grow   that's a lesson for us 
 					Ive been that guy with >1 gf/date [note: money isnt a limit]   I understand that makes other men angry   it's not hard to spin plates in this modern (post-1960's) era   but. polygyny (>1 woman marriage) requires women officially share a husband - most wont do that even if facing crushing loneliness   & many women wont share male attention b4 marriage 
 						As with chimps, if someone is hogging too many of them women, the betas will gang up on the alpha and kill him. Personally, I prefer civilization to constant warfare.  Read closely, it isn't good for alphas or betas or the tribe at all:  
 							In Anglo-Saxon common law the criminal element of murdering someone who is fucking your wife (crime of passion) often has diminished punishment. Degeneracy is frowned upon in the west due to the way Aryans evolved. Read Culture of Critique.  
 								[i'm getting a bit tired of "read [insert article]"   tell me whatever you want to say, or move along 
 														Mormonism is some retard tier shit, but I suppose there are worse religions.  Most Mormons are just very nice (albeit gullible) people. 
  
 	Fuck a nigger . better be ready to raise the kid yourself. They are polluting the blood stream of American fat chicks off spring .  pop out niglets for welfare too support on the backs of tax payers that work.  
 I may not have been clear. She was not mudsharking  when I met her. It was only after we were married and I was on deployment to Liberia when she met this nigger and later she had the nigger that later killed the Amish family's buggy horse. 
 	Bette really is a loud mouthed, dumb twat! 
 	"You are the bird dropping on my wings" 
 		 
 	"Muh education denial"   Meanwhile pre-feminism. 
 		bette = brainless 
 	First you have to be of the feminine gender! 
 	And of course as with most retarded libs, he never answered the question. 
 Americans. Not Black Americans. Not African Americans. Americans. Americans.     
 	Yes! Black people supporting a politician I also like! Now I have permission to like him too and not feel guilty about it! 
 		Now I can tell all the liberals that I'm totally not racist. That basically means everyone else is a nazi because I have the mentality of a retard child, with severe psychiatric problems.  
        
 	When an ignoramus immigrant cunt tells you what's wrong in your own house.Time to sweep the scum out. 
 	I'll be rooting for the creationist. Go girl! 
 		I’ll have to second that lol  
 		I’ll have to second that lol  
 	No, you are not being discriminated against, because you are giving Torba shit for not letting you guys post child porn by cartoon. you are being locked, because other gab users are reporting you for not using the correct tags etc. 
 		How come you cannot read, single digit Iq man? 
 			"hur dur dur, why are pedophiles persecuted so." 
 				Imagine being this butthurt that you can't even read the text in an image. 
 					Imagine being a pedophile.  oh wait i can't  You on the other hand. 
 							All the insults you can come up with in relation to me< You are a pedophile. 
 								When you get so mad you give up trying to make sense 
 										"I made a mistake"   "Actually no I didn't"  The absolute state of niggers 
  
 	I hate to tell you this, but California is now letting Hiv+ people donate blood. 
 		faggot  
 		and we can also spit out the willfully ignorant like yourself. 
 				why do you think Christianity is a monolith? you are willfully strawmanning  what christianity is. despite being daily beaten the fuck out by christians you just come back to your same strawman argument. 
 					Cos your bible says so?  
 					that's no an answer. just a diversionary statement. the bible has four versions of the life of jesus. the whole thing is written in parable and metaphors. it's not a monolith except in terms of the kettle logic of your fallacious arguments. 
 					that's no an answer. just a diversionary statement. the bible has four versions of the life of jesus. the whole thing is written in parable and metaphors. it's not a monolith except in terms of the kettle logic of your fallacious arguments. 
 		Remember it was Catholic priests who helped Nazis escape to S.A. after the war in what is called the rat line. Knowing what we know about priests now I wonder what these 2 groups had in common? 
 			Clearly it must have been because they were both gay, and helping fellow gays out. Astute observation of history sir! empirical evidence be damned. 
 					See I can already tell how this is gonna go. I could literally go read those books today like you said, refute claims in it, and you would just say im Jewish covering up for the gay agenda. You're hilarious. "He said she said" is Not evidence. This is the same type of flimsy, baseless, weak ass crap used to push the holocaust story. 
 											You are a fucking tranny loving ns faggot. Hitler lost. My relatives killed the gay Nazis because the eternal Anglo will save the white race not autistic homo teutons you s and m Nazi fetish faggot 
 	Know your bible it’s difficult for a rich man to enter heaven.  He wasn’t preaching liberation theology or socialism.  It was the trust in riches seduced people and kept them separate from God.  Not a command to never aquier wealth but a warning of its dangers.  There is also the warning to Judas, the poor you always have with you.  
 		"difficult"? Less likely than a camel passing through the eye of a needle, which is sufficiently difficult that it's never ever happened. How is that complicated?   1000 times, the Bible takes the side of the poor against the rich and never ever does the contrary. That the poor will always be with us is a statement of fact, it doesn't say it's a good thing. 
 			"The eye of the needle" was a very small gate you could enter after dark to take refuge inside the walls of a city. You had to unload your pack animal and they had to almost crawl to get inside. Wealth is not in and of itself, evil. Soloman was wealthy. He followed his foreign wives religions. Allowed their practice in his realm.  
 				Total Horseshit fantasyland drivel. And an elementary school kid could read Mark 10 and know that. A rich man wants to be a follower, and Jesus say he has to give all his money to the poor. The rich man doesn't like that and Jesus says the rich are less likey to enter Heaven than a camel pass through the eye of a needle. Since you've never read the Bible, here it is.   Mark 10:   The Rich and the Kingdom of God  17 As Jesus started on his way, a man ran up to him and fell on his knees before him. Good teacher, he asked, what must I do to inherit eternal life?   18 Why do you call me good? Jesus answered. No one is goodexcept God alone. 19 You know the commandments: ‘You shall not murder, you shall not commit adultery, you shall not steal, you shall not give false testimony, you shall not defraud, honor your father and mother.’[d]   20 Teacher, he declared, all these I have kept since I was a boy.   21 Jesus looked at him and loved him. One thing you lack, he said. Go, sell everything you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.   22 At this the man’s face fell. He went away sad, because he had great wealth.   23 Jesus looked around and said to his disciples, How hard it is for the rich to enter the kingdom of God!   24 The disciples were amazed at his words. But Jesus said again, Children, how hard it is[e] to enter the kingdom of God! 25 It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God.   How is that complicated? 
 					You missed the point. It is hard for a rich person to lay everything down. Ain't skeered to go toe to toe with anyone on scripture. Was Soloman not wealthy? 
 						I challenge you. Which came first, Light or sound? 
 							Sound. There was no light for the first 300,000 years after the Big Bang, when God said, "Let there be light".   It's called the Microwave Background Radiation, or the edge of the Visible Universe.   But we can look at that Mbr, that wall where light first appeared, and see the hovering/vibrations Genesis 1 speaks of before light, and, in effect, see before there was light, using sound.   1 In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. 2 The earth was without form, and void; and darkness [a]was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters.   3 Then God said, Let there be light; and there was light. 4 And God saw the light, that it was good; and God divided the light from the darkness. 5 God called the light Day, and the darkness He called Night. [b]So the evening and the morning were the first day. 
 								How could there be a big bang without a sound? 
 											This is your brain on drano. 
 Yields for every crop and animal have skyrocketed over the past century.   For example, the average dairy cow in 2018 produces *four times* more milk per day than in 1900. Not only that, these big ag fucks are all exploiting cheap labor. Plus we have "free trade".   There is no legitimate reason for anything to be this expensive. It's all a scam. 
 	This is obviously bad from a health perspective, as we've sacrificed quality for quantity (e.g. tomatoes taste especially bad, American butter tastes like margarine compared to Kerrygold imported from Ireland). I can't imagine the new produce is healthy, either - look at the vast majority of Americans.  It's still too expensive. 
 		Most of the third world doesn't need GMOs, either - outside of nigger Africa, famine has been nearly eradicated worldwide, and that is without food aid.  I feel this was a mistake from our perspective, as new crop strains (invented by whites) have caused the global non-white population to skyrocket. 
 I have said it before Stay Away from Their Take Aways .     
 	You buy Anything from a muslim business, you are financing a hit on yourself. Same with jewish businesses. They hate you more than you can ever hate them. Grow a pair, don't be a lazy twat and boycott every Middle-Eastern and Asian business you can.  
 The president of France 
 	No wonder he loves all those nigger "refugees." Have you seen his old crone wife? Politically correct degeneracy. 
  
 	Hey  ! Do u remember Peter Wright from G+ ?   
 		he sure is nigger but he's using a different name that you don't know. hahahahahahahahaha! cry more little faggit. hahahahaha! 
 	Your beef with the Man is Your beef- that said I'm all in for supporting your bringing your beef to God. 
 			Sorry Guy- I'm sane and intelligent; I don't believe in fairy tales such as Religion. I was agreeing with the idea that you have some gripes with the man, your aggression is misdirected. 
 				My bad. Play on, playa. 
 					No biggie- we've all been there. You were in Defensive mode.I can totally relate. 
 					 There Big Man!  
 					 There Big Man!  
 Says the drug addict living with mummy and daddy. How's that 98.00 in the bank spent it yet! You fucking retard  
 Hory sheeeeeeeeeeeit God damn I can't believe I missed this.   Y'all wanna see been (((Shapiro))) get shit on? Here it is!         
 	"Muslims have more rights in the Me than anywhere else in the world."  I know that nigger is a trip coding faggot on 8chan I Hurd! 
 Paul Joseph Watson Went Full Retard About Alt-Right 
 Another victim of the Trump Curse.   Megyn thought she could garner entree into the elite by smearing Trump.   Too bad. So sad.    
 	This stupid cunt should've stayed home and be a mother to her children. 
 Okay.    Now is actually a good time for me to hop off of here for a bit.   I literally "can't even" with the tsunami of denial, distancing, and false flaggotry coming our way. 
 		Far better for them Spawn of Satan jews like most niggers to figure out that pretty much every White Man is a Nazi or "The Boss Man." Showing them that you are a worthless whigger means you got to pay and they will collect.  You want back in the bowel Movement then you can't wuss out, Moan Parrott. 
 No.  Jew since my birth. Got the Jew penis, Jew hair and very fortunately Jew intellect to prove it.    Yeah, having the Jew penis sucks.  I ain't no Wilt Chamberlin that's for sure.  But for Asian chics, doesn't matter. They're used to that Chinaman penis.   
 Defcon Warning     Russian sub   Russia Most Advanced (And Stealthly) Nuclear Submarine Ever Just Went to Sea        Double meanings exist.     2347   You damn well best vote Gop Only! 
 	Omg! Omg! Omg! Most advanced! Double meanings exist! !    Blockading Russia? Us Interior Secretary's Dangerous Threat To Blockade Russian Energy Exports      Going full retard pushing the Bear. 
 now then lets get real.you fucktards Hate the retirees yet it is your generation that voted that muslim nigger and his puppet masters into power 10 years ago.so if you wanna blame someone,billybob,look in a fucking mirror 
 Id rather be ignorant and uneducated than retarded and indoctrinated. 
 More proof that Gab is nothing but a raging trash fire. Here's that faggot smeg sucker tighty whitey making posts here today, after making threats like this, which were reported, Months ago.  Ain't it funny how Gab admin act so quickly to Nsfw a users entire account for posting naughty shit, but they Do Nothing with assclowns like tighty here? 
 I hated it the first watch. I couldn’t even watch the whole movie. Then my 5 year old wanted to watch it and she did over and over. I grew to love that movie. 11 years later we still use the movie quotes. It clicked with me when I saw him start dancing. It is so random and a little retarded and I think that is the movies charm.  
 I hated it the first watch. I couldn’t even watch the whole movie. Then my 5 year old wanted to watch it and she did over and over. I grew to love that movie. 11 years later we still use the movie quotes. It clicked with me when I saw him start dancing. It is so random and a little retarded and I think that is the movies charm.  
 Fuck Your sexist bullshit you rotten cunt or cucked faggot, which ever you are. We burned Rosewood & Greenwood to the ground over skanks like you lying about rape. 25% of the black men lynched in the South were accused of rape by lying cheating whores like you. And don't forget Salem. You morally bankrupt Title 9 hosebags will burn people at the stake just because you don't like them. 
 I'll kill 10 of you then I will go': Disturbing video shows Afghan migrant launch anti-Western diatribe on bus as he declares 'it is important to take lives' n  'eat humans'  He became embroiled in a heated row with a pensioner on a bus in Sweden   After deportation threat migrant claims he will kill people if forced to leave 
 	swedenstan is now a fag nation that sucks muzzie dicks 
 I am so not Jew, it would be like yelling at an albino on the street,  Hey, Nigger , lol, you guys crack me up ! Your shear ignorance, lol, clowns, lol ! 
 The Roman  founded America per scripture/lprophecy 2B the 2ND Beast of Revelation that forces all nation's to take on the mark of the 1st Beast (Rome)!  Race has nothing 2do with it & no such thing as race either. Morals & Character are the only thing that matters!  
 		.This asshole ><--- is a  Pos who posts stupid irrelevant left/right political bullshit 24x7 along with "white is right" satanic chatter.  He is a crackling thorn under a caldron burning in the fire.    Anyone who thinks they're "cool" and they enjoy his inane rhetoric, you're one sorry excuse for a human being. 
 			Hahaha! You dumbass hebe! Hahaha! You are just ridiculous! Lame hymie! 
 				You shut the fuck up you degenerate kike cretin. Kikes are genetically deranged, and must be removed for literal Good. Go back to rimming your nigger rabbi, so you can eat all the feces you spew, you bacterium. Just Die.  
 Tommy Robinson's Day, Npc, Antifa And Showing The Media As Liars   media used every trick in the book to try and paint a picture of thugs support Tommy.   this irresponsible hate mongering is legitimising extremist left-wing thugs to become increasingly violent. a third of the speakers are Jewish    
 		How dare you slander the Great One! Your penence is to shower you filthy nigger loving like!  
 Well this is different   China is launching a fake, extra-bright moon to cut the cost of city lights   
 	Fukn ridiculous. This will screw with wildlife and the eco systems. 
 		Cunt Chinese bullshit.  Won’t work.  Total garbage. Cunts. 
 Ladies, deep down, you already know: Men want the easy going woman, the sensual and motherly one, the keeper of a homestead, the cheerleader and muse.   Be that woman and many doors will magically open.     
 	where im from women there don't see meme's about Its ok to be white/ Pro white/ traditional homesteading because they do not see that they feel they need to. to them its always been that way Hillbilly life.  they don't go online, chat, play hip-hop, or pop music, they don't date Non whites. so these meme's are lost on them  because they are original traditional  
 		Sounds like you are in a wonderful place Sir! 
 		H E A V E N 
 		Then, you should consider yourself very lucky to be in such an area.  
 		I thank God everyday 
 		I thank God everyday 
 European Court Of Human Rights says it does not go against free speech for a woman to be locked up in Austria for saying mohammed was a paedophile. 
 	 Well it's a very retarded and irresponsible way to approach this issue, that can get many people killed. If you don't know how to engage in conversation and debate like a civilized person you should just shut up.  
 	Sure you do, faggot. Why else would you respond. You are the faggot npc triggered by the aggro.  
 Last night Barack Obama said that its a brand new thing to have politicians who lie.      The irony here is off the charts.   Below is a direct actual quote from Barack Obama last night. Source of quote.    
 	the muslim nigger terrorist obama needs death. the hussein needs it's limbs ripped off and his tongue seared with a hot poker 
 Another reason to bring back the bull whip. niggers like torture, we'll give the nigger torture. 
 She screamed at Senator Orin Hatch How dare you talk that way to a woman .fuck that filthy cunt is what I say to her 
 Any doctor that gives hormones to a minor should be sent to prison and have their medical licence revoked.  
 	How about 60 vaccines by age 18 that guarantee 1 in 37 to become Retarded ? 
 I believe in getting rid of the welfare system so that stupid people aren’t encouraged to breed at taxpayer expense. There’s a big difference between that and killing a baby that already exists. No welfare system and the problem of rule by the stupid takes care of itself. 
 			The Midwest and Flyover states are going to kill you? 
 				The Midwest and flyover states don’t need welfare if the government gets out of their way and if it blocks job-killing foreign product dumping into the Us. Most welfare is being paid into commiefornia 
 					Right. Because there are Zero white people on welfare there either that’ll die from your shitty ideas.    Totally forgot. 
 						They can work or starve. They have no excuse now that Trump is bringing jobs back and facilitating the creation of new jobs. Freeloaders have no right to anyone’s money. Private charities and families can deal with the rest.  
 							baltimore has the highest percentage of non-profits in nation.  absolute nigger + libber white shithole.  churches are full of faggots and phonies. 
 	It looks like someone asked him how he liked the pork stuffed hamburger  
 		Thankfully, no and no.  
 		Thankfully, no and no.  
 Uk Sending 800 Troops To The Arctic To Target Russia   
 	I posted yesterday about the MoD offering 10k welcome back packages to soldiers they'd sacked for drugs offences if they returned.clearly they are desperate for soldiers & clearly they have plans that require them, Syria again? Iran? or is May going to go full retard & take Russia on directly? 
 Tl;Dr - Wetback driving pisses porchmonkeys off, dindu caps el neeenyo. Thankfully nobody es muerte.    
 	Get Down Nigger 
 Ratchet-ass nigger mama wants 'justice'? You got it, goomba!    We'll start publicly horse-whipping you bastard-breeding, fat asses every time you cry for Justice for your fucked-up, retarded criminal spawn!   Now That would be justice! Don't want your 12-yr old handcuffed?   Then Stop Allowing Shootings At Your Flop-House Section 8 'Home'!    God damn they are getting dumber by the day!    
 Satanists Alex Soros and Meghan Markle at an Abramovic Spirit Cooking event. Red shoes indicate pedophilia (or worse - cannibalism).   Now we know why Harry was so smitten. 
 	Poor Little Faggot Looks Like He Could Do With Some Pork Chops Inside Him, Instead Of Black Dicks. 
 	  
 	The cunts friends/sock puppet accounts   
 Retarded Democrats will believe anything as they are all gulible morons to the Racist Lying Jew news! 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 Neil Patrick Harris Reveals That Whoopi Made Disturbing Sexual Advances When He Was a Teen  
 	She would be attracted to a faggot it all makes sense now how she acts on the view. 
 		No shit.I’d get a divorce and move to a different country  
 		No shit.I’d get a divorce and move to a different country  
 The Age of Transition and Scientism Fraud  by Jay Dyer   "The age of transition is not the transition into the era of utopian scientific progress, transhumanism, technological immortality and United Nations kumbaya most think, it is the age of transitioning away from all traditional forms of culture. It is the age of transition into a new global mythology that is created and manufactured in the same way the culture industry creates cultures in various regions and nations. It is a scientific dictatorship that is not scientific, but dogmatic, fascist and hierarchically structured on a need-to-know basis that blatantly hides, obfuscates and rejects actual data and information about human origins and life, only to be replaced by the most preposterous theories of primal sludge, lint ball planets and imagined aeons of unobserved billions of years, meaninglessly exploding forth from the universe’s (Fantasia level) singularity point."   "This is not progress, these retarded theories are a regress into explanatory models with no explanatory power. They need to be called out for what they are  replacement mythologies  that are rehashed forms of ancient atomism, dressed up in scientistic garb. It is time to reject these phonies, liars, dupes and establishment hacks, and recognize they suppress real science and inquiry for the purpose of control. Their control is not about human progress, but the Orwellian opposite, the dysgenics plan of destroying man. We need only think of the Lancet, Oxford’s most prestigious medical journal, whose editor recently stated in a matter-of-fact tone that half the world’s scientific literature is fraudulent:"   
 The Age of Transition and Scientism Fraud  by Jay Dyer   "The age of transition is not the transition into the era of utopian scientific progress, transhumanism, technological immortality and United Nations kumbaya most think, it is the age of transitioning away from all traditional forms of culture. It is the age of transition into a new global mythology that is created and manufactured in the same way the culture industry creates cultures in various regions and nations. It is a scientific dictatorship that is not scientific, but dogmatic, fascist and hierarchically structured on a need-to-know basis that blatantly hides, obfuscates and rejects actual data and information about human origins and life, only to be replaced by the most preposterous theories of primal sludge, lint ball planets and imagined aeons of unobserved billions of years, meaninglessly exploding forth from the universe’s (Fantasia level) singularity point."   "This is not progress, these retarded theories are a regress into explanatory models with no explanatory power. They need to be called out for what they are  replacement mythologies  that are rehashed forms of ancient atomism, dressed up in scientistic garb. It is time to reject these phonies, liars, dupes and establishment hacks, and recognize they suppress real science and inquiry for the purpose of control. Their control is not about human progress, but the Orwellian opposite, the dysgenics plan of destroying man. We need only think of the Lancet, Oxford’s most prestigious medical journal, whose editor recently stated in a matter-of-fact tone that half the world’s scientific literature is fraudulent:"   
 Dr. Peter Klein On Silicon Valley Socialism        Start using ;  -Bitchute -WrongThink -Infogalactic -Idka -Oneway -Gab -BtcPayServer 
 	Don't you have your own social network to post on? 
 		he's juggling sand nigger cocks to suck off in between 
 News media pays $69 million to oust Megyn Kelly for blackface comments    
 	Megyn's probably chewing her cunt lips now in regret for Trump assassination during the debate. She could be riding the Tucker Carlson Train all the way to the top rating. 
 City-states with high walls & direct democracy, ability to exile & guard citizenship jealously look better & better every day          
 	Things are looking up for retarded Aussies only. For the rest of us, Apocalypse come already, the world  and our Australia is gone.  
 Don't let this slide! "Kanye West is what happens when negros don't read" is an actual quote from Cnn today.     
 	He's still a nigger.   I still don't care what monkeys thinks.   I don't care what Tay tay thinks. She shouldn't be allowed to vote anyhow. But she can have her own opinions.   Just makes my wife hotter to me.   But after the sting of it, any one of /ourside jumps ship bc trump saids so.   You're a degenerate nigger lover. So fuck you gay niggers from outer space. 
 Lmbo! Xd Xd Xd That is one Bad Ass Based Sheriff! 
 		Yeah, I was a bit taken aback by how many light-skinned people there were in the photo.  
 		Yeah, I was a bit taken aback by how many light-skinned people there were in the photo.  
 Big time retarded Jack Ass. That might be the nicest thing I have been called today.  
 Big time retarded Jack Ass. That might be the nicest thing I have been called today.  
 Me whenever LARPing clown edgelord   and his posse (pussies) go out and say that I am a "Torba-paid shill".   cc:       
 	Have them prove it, otherwise they are doing nothing but farting in the wind. 
 		 Hey , if you have any proof that Side ever ran some botnet terrorist campaign against you, I will stop making fun of you. Fucking crybaby 
 			Watch them pass off some retarded bullshit as logic and then "See I proved you wrong" or some other loony nonsense. 
 				I'm already waiting for the ridiculous response to come in. Everyone on this site knows he's nothing more than a sad circus clown 
 					 
 					 
 Tech experts are turning down job offers from Google over the company’s development of a censored search engine for China.  Report:   
 	I turned down requests for interviews from them because I don't want to work with a bunch of overly emotional head cases, nor would I be able to stomach their retarded sensitivity training regimen.  Their culture is complete garbage and only deluded drones like working there. 
     Go on Rodger.a proper Londoner, from a proper London band. 
 	fuck off geldof spud cunt 
 Boomin'    
 	lol this faggot has a posting career:   
 It is increasingly clear that Feinstein and Schumer were sure Kavanaugh would drop out after the story leaked. They never planned for the old dinbat to testify and they never expected Kavanaugh to go Gladiator on them   Once again, the lesson is you always punch back twice as hard. 
 	Amazing what happens when our side actually tries to win.  We won't win every fight this way, but we were losing every fight by not even fighting.  Our enemy isn't fifty feet tall with unbreakable armor and doesn't crap lightning bolts.  They can be made to bleed.  And now everybody on our side knows it.  Trump is teaching the Republicans how to win.  Promise kept. 
 		When Trump made those retarded comments about Snowden it pissed me off pretty bad, the Nsa spying shit is a huge deal to me. It was to Democrats too. during the Bush years. They didn't hold Obama and certainly not Clinton to those same standards.  
 	That's some vibrant diversity. I've never met anyone who married a sibling. 
 		Muzzie incest, who would have thought? 
  
 		the jew is the puppet master using everyone against everyone once again. we are waking, but slowly. 
 dude if every cell in your body has a Y-Chromosome then you are a stupid faggot and identified above Lol 
  Trump has me in pieces. Liberals and Cnn are in a dark place. . Don lemon on cnn having a meltdown. Half cast cunt bragging about assault. Playing the 14 year old recording. No one cares  
 .@JustinTrudeau on trade deal: "It's an agreement that removes uncertainty for our manufacturers and investors and improves labor rights for all North Americans."  
 	nigger 
 Dropkick Murphys - Rose Tattoo      
 	faggot 
 I'm sure that absolutely no NPCs have ever made that joke before. If [Trump=President] Then Run[Insult.exe] 
 	That old ass retard "Tiny" will have lost all his mind by 2020 you stupid fuckstick. 
 	Smuggest faggot on earth. 
 	People went batshit crazy over her personal opinion and it's not that deep if she only opposes parts of the 2 party system which is retarded itself okay? Thx for coming to my Ted talk  
 One ghetto nigger shuts up a  faggot. Absolutely hilarious.   It seems that this  fag has no idea what this nigger was talking about. Probably never seen one so up close.        Someone yells to  fag: "Piss your pants already!" 
 Cambridge University students Reject Remembrance Day poppies because they 'glorify war'.Meet Stella Swain the Cambridge University Student Union Leader behind the banning of Remembrance Day! 
 	another sjw feckless cunt 
  Justifiably Hammers .       Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!    Donald J. Trump () October 16, 2018   High Time  to see this Lying Bitch ousted form Politics.   ---------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                       @1776Ninja             
 	God Bless him. I wonder if he will change her name? Can' you see him saying.we can't call her Pocahontas anymore, because she Isn"T Native American? I am lobbying for "Fauxcahontas".  
 		Tucker Carlson Wants Fakeagawea’ 
 			Let's have a poll:   What should "Pocahontas"  Elizabeth Warren's new nickname be?                                                                                                @studentoflife                     
 					Ok.although I am not sure it is a Native Amercian word. Sounds German to me. 
 					Ok.although I am not sure it is a Native Amercian word. Sounds German to me. 
 Who should the great American Citizens of Michigan Vote for?   That's easy. Military Veteran & Patriot John James! Of Course! 
 	The muzzie already got eliminated from the governor race in Michigan  
 	Or the vegan that wanted to prove you don't need proteins to climb Kilimanjaro.she died trying. 
 	Or the vegan that wanted to prove you don't need proteins to climb Kilimanjaro.she died trying. 
 	you are right! 
 	You nailed it ! There is so many dumb slogan in politics that would be avoided if they took 2 minutes to remember what was our [position/point of view] a few year ago. Comparing trump 2016 with trump 2018 for example. Shit they apparently even forgot al-qaeda even existed! now it's all Isis.  They barely remember anything older than one week  
 	B-b-b-but. Dems 'n hajis R da Real "homophobes," tho! 
 Late night liberal host Stephen Colbert smeared , , and Justice Brett  in a Sesame Street sketch where Big Bird’s puppeteer retires and must be replaced.    
 	Sesame .dumb ass white middle-class crap for retarded children.it's made millions of white kids mental retards! 
  
 	A redneck biscuit turbine engine.  
 		yeah baby for biscuits and gravy 
 		yeah baby for biscuits and gravy 
 Reeeeeeee!   "My 15 yr old high schooler just came home with this bullsh!t. In South Carolina. This ain't California - this is the Bible belt & Mama Ain'T Happy."   Reeeeeeee!    
 	Say it with me everyone, " your kids and grandkids" and don't wait another month to start.    You homeschooled and raised your kids until age five and you homeschool them after school when you help them with their homework.        
 		Parents need to do everything to stop schools (Evil) from exposing their children to deviant liberal sexual ideology. That's indoctrination disguised as tolerance.  
 			The homeschooling idea is good, just don't send them to school, if a social wanker comes to the door beat the cunt unconscious then lock the door, leave by the back door and go to grandma's for a month. 
 there you go yet again, you are a retarded skipping record, i never claimed soros was a nazi-Never-you fucktard. i merely stated the Fact that he worked for them. geeezus son, is your moma also your sister ? 
 	23andme results are dubious at best. Don't they say the service is for entertainment purposes? And we have seen articles where employees laugh it up about putting 1% negro or jew in to "fuck with racists." Those are not the actions of a serious company following scientific procedures. 
 		They dropped the Jew on me though. I really did piss them off lmao. To make up for the dropping of the Jew they increased the nigger by a lot by .3% from .1%. Holy shit that is a 80% increase in Nog. They also went with Nigerian but my cousin has zero yes zero Nigerian even though his mom and my mom were sister. My mom pased away. By the way my mom's side of the family is the one with the blond hair, both blue and green eyes (rare) and very fair light skin. This is no coincidence at all.  
  
 	twat he is 
 	twat he is 
  Video: Obama claims we are fear mongering Honduran invasion, "You can't fall for that Oky Doke 
 	I want to see this traitorous muslim faggot in jail in the worse way. 
 Poland, Austria, Hungary, Us, and Australia will Not sign the Un Migration Pact. The Globalist Agenda of an Open Border World.    Guess which koor koo beta did? 
 	The one braincelled Justine Castro Trudump aka Turd complete with his faggot socks 
 Ultimate 80's soundtrack:   Japan - Ghosts   Ultravox - Vienna   Human League - Being Boiled   Depeche Mode - New Life   Tubeway Army - Are Friends Electric   Echo and the Bunnymen - The Cutter   The Cult - She Sells Sanctuary   Tears for Fears - Mad World   Kraftwerk - Tour de France   Jan Hammer - Theme from Miami Vice   Visage - Fade to Grey   Spandau Ballet - To Cut a Long Story Short 
 		We need a new Hitler Youth movement. There was a time when boys were trained to become men. not a bunch of hippy cunt homos like your list.  
 Free New Social Network no one can report you and you can grow if people don't like what you're doing they can just block you. join us have fun make friends.  
 	You're advertising it in an anime group, why? Go to Alt-Tech or something if you want to do that. 
 		you certainly do have the right to speak freely, but, i get to call you a faggot for spamming my anime group and then report you as spam, so your faggot posts which are Not Anime get removed. moron. 
 Wow, I thought that last bunch of retard Nazis were lame. You are a pathetic Nazi. Is this all you have? Nazis are supposed to be badass. Wtf is going on here. I think the Nazis have been infiltrated by Antifa pussies. 
 Obama, if that is his real name, may have been the first African-American Us President but Donald Trump is the first Real Nigger President.  It's official X-D     
 Better muzzle that knock kneed cunt or kiss 2020 goodbye.  
 		In days past, when men in uniform were dignified, brave & were respected for it.  He's not one of them.   
 		Well one can safely say that none of the medals will be for bravery in the line of duty! 
 		Can someone with talent do a met police Transformers video on this event? cc   
 		They put medals on the chests of cowards and flowers on the coffins of heroes. 
 		Like figures from a Comic Opera. 
 		Token gay gnome put in for diversity  
 		Cressida Dick the only thing missing from her - apart from a brain ! Proves women should stick to womens jobs ! 
 	Goddamn Stupid Fucking Pigs. It Takes 2 Braindead Piglets To Try To Break A Fucking Side Window & Then They Still Don'T Succeed. Fucking Morons Man. U Can C Why All Pigs Need Training Just To Get Them Out Of The Category Of Braindead Morons & Up To A Classification Of Idiots. 
 Defaming Muhammad does not fall under purview of free speech, European court rules    
 	Muhammad sucks donkey dicks, eats donkey shit, drinks faggot piss! 
  
 	. Christmas came early, Trump wants to take me wetback hunting! 
 Have at it. White women have lowered themselves to either cunt lickers or nigger lovers, they are not oppressed anymore.  
         get yer ass home, bub! 
 	Just got home, I backed up the stream to the beginning. If he deletes when he's done, I'll just have to watch the rest on Hals chan :(  No Spoilers! Xd 
 		Randomercam has some pretty good vids where he uses puppets in them to take a shit all over people, it's where Jim was a bit off with the puppet thing, those are his best vids on his channel. The Quartering is a 90 Iq faggot with Zero principles. used to follow him til' he got his vagina burnt. 
 Shut up you fat clown 
 	Yes not-so-rosie mccclownel, I wanted to do the same many times while Your first muslim, anti-American, lowlife nigger was squatting in our house, but it didn't happen, so don't hold your breath, or better yet, please do and rid this country of your misery! 
 Loser. 
 	Lol, the people follow you, defending you, are just as retarded as you are. Says alot, get out jew. 
 Without getting into all the tribalism about how I'm a smelly interloper--Great Job Welcoming A New Member, By The Way--just tell me how I can find people here.    The search function doesn't work for me. 
 	Thomas Wictor thank you so much for joining Gab.  I followed you for years at Twat before I was kicked off for saying Angela Merkel was the new Hitler. Love your war coverage,  Iran insights,  rock music stories. Welcome  
 		She supports white genocide  
 		And there is a conspiracy theory that she’s hitlers daughter somehow 
 		And there is a conspiracy theory that she’s hitlers daughter somehow 
 But thats wrong you fucking retard 
 Be the Best or Politically Correct? Wither British Army?   Be a tinker or a tailor, but not a soldier or a sailor. The British armed forces are experiencing a debilitating recruitment problem. It seems that no one wants to ‘be the best’ anymore. The British Army values selfless commitment, courage, discipline and level-headedness in the face of adversity, yet these are values that no longer appeal to millennials. This leaves the forces with a dilemma: do they adapt to a more politically correct culture to fill the ranks with sensitive, emotional individuals and compromise on these traditional values or try to emphasise the ‘masculine’ ideals essential for soldiering?  Market research in May 2017 found that millennials viewed the Army as an elitist and non-inclusive organisation that privileged white males. As a result, earlier this year the Army launched a new recruitment campaign, answering questions like ‘Can I be gay in the Army?’ and ‘What if I get emotional in the army?’. Many civilians have welcomed the new campaign for its positivity in appealing to all walks of society. Some feel this campaign moves some way towards building social cohesion, at a time of increasing discussion about misogyny, homophobia, Islamophobia and hate crimes. Calls have been made to change the Army’s logo and the motto of ‘Be the Best’ in order to move away from this elitist and non-inclusive image.  However, many serving and past soldiers are outraged and remain staunch supporters of the army culture, arguing that removing the ‘be the best’ ethos would undermine the military. Political correctness has seeped into the Army with rules such as banning shouting at recruits. While some would argue that shouting at recruits is cruel, many soldiers would argue that potential soldiers could not cope on a battlefield with screaming casualties and prolonged gunfire without this conditioning and desensitisation. The very function of the armed forces is, after all, to fight.  What does this debate about the military say about Britain today? The military was once a great institution, but the values it represents are in decline in wider society. Is it time for this institution, or at least its traditional values, to fall? What would that mean for the United Kingdom socially, economically and politically? 
 	So long as the army has to go up against people who want to kill them, being the best will remain crucial. 
 		Tell that twat General Carter. Ex Green Jacket as well but I think he had a sabbatical for Uni where they filled him with Common Purpose shit. 
 		Tell that twat General Carter. Ex Green Jacket as well but I think he had a sabbatical for Uni where they filled him with Common Purpose shit. 
 Anti-Q trolls already lost.  information dissemination is global now. People are rejecting the Msm, think tank, and moronic private org propaganda by the Millions - and that number grows daily. Meanwhile, pathetic trolls still can't prove that #Q is fake. Stuck on stupid, while the world leaves them behind.  Morons. Losers. Just Pathetic. 
 	I had one stupid bitch tell me it was all a scam to sell merchandise with the letter Q on it hahaha - then she blocked me when I showed her prez confs 
 		Her profile said she was a maga/trump supporter but not Q, like bitch how retarded are you? Lol 
 Farrakhan uses Jewish scholars to prove Jews responsible for slavery.    
 		She's dead. you suck dead nigger dicks. 
  
 	Its like a competition how retarded can you go. 
 	Its like a competition how retarded can you go. 
  
 	Retard  
 	Retard  
 Lol when her kid needs a bone marrow transplant and there is 0 chance at finding a donor, I'll bet she'll be all, at least the racists didn't win. 
 	"Hah I let some smelly nigger impregnate me and now I'm single and battered I bet that really makes you racists mad"  "I let his brother fuck me too, racists Btfo" 
 add stripe to the list of places to visit Charlie Hebdo style, together with alphabet, twatter,  the fag and his nigger bf, faceberg etc 
  
 	Look at all those faggot presenting their asses! 
 Obama: I used illegal drugs in my teens and I got into fights  Media butt kissers: We love you Barack, we have thrills up our legs  Kavanaugh: I drank in my teens and college  Same Media loons: You’re a serial sex abuser, gang rapist, and a helpless drunk with a bad temperament. 
 	Obama was a raging fag fucker. Sexual degeneracy and depravity was his main catalyst to being the nigger who never was becoming president. 
 The Sydney Morning Herald: There's a solution to the refugee crisis - but no one will like it.   Ridiculous! So the single women, families and unaccompanied 'children' get into Australia, with all it's enticing benefits. 'Family reunion' will then kick in and in pour hordes more, all at the taxpayers expense. These illegal immigrant economic forum seekers are in no sense, whatsoever, detained on Manus Island or Nauru. They are totally free to go anywhere on Earth they wish, except Australia and New Zealand (New Zealand being the unlocked back door to Australia). The Australian taxpayer will pay their airfares and even provide a generous resettlement allowance. Why don't they go? We all know why. 
 		We will save to the nations coffers nearly $12.56 Billion a year, a nice gift to us oldies that made this nation great  
 		### a Dead Alp+Green and Molsims slimy maggots is a healthy way to eradicate evil from the nation 
 Well lookie here. another retard at a key-board. Sorry dearie, you're not my responsibility this shift. Blither all you want. I've no time. 
 Well lookie here. another retard at a key-board. Sorry dearie, you're not my responsibility this shift. Blither all you want. I've no time. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	Why is it bigotry? 
 			Is intolerance of Satanism or pedophilia bigotry? 
 				Nope. For the same reason Islamophobia isn't bigotry. It's common sense based on direct observation over 1400 years. 
 					So you use "bigotry" without an objective definition meaning "I like it", and you like Judaism, so if someone disagrees with you it's "bigotry". Got it. It's just I prefer to talk to people that use words meaningfully. 
 						If some opinions are clearly disgusting to normal people it isn't bigotry to criticise them. Nazis. Islam. Paedophilia etc.   Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism are not clearly disgusting to normal people. So hating them for no reason is bigotry. Criticism I don't class as bigotry, like the Left do. Any opinions are open to criticism in my opinion :) 
 							So the word bigotry to you means "hating something most people like". You see to me it would involve a failure to acknowledge rational criticism. I think that's the original and correct definition. Yours just seems to be a kind of vague term of abuse. 
 								That isn't what I said is it. Look   Hating something that is "clearly disgusting to normal people".   And bigotry is this:   Intolerance towards those who hold different opinions from oneself.   If you feel that paedophilia is an acceptable "opinion" feel free. Most normal folk don't. 
 												Lol Don't tell me that, I might chop it off. I'm a bit of a twat like that :) 
 	One thing Darling you outdone yourself if Even you think that someone would Sexually assault you. Even a Deliverance Hillbilly wouldn't even Touch your Butt with his Banjo.  
 I almost posted this upside down because it’s moments reading this kind of idiocy  I think inversion is what has happened in this world. What’s wrong is right.  What’s down is up. 
 		This is so messed up.  
 			Ny should be nuked from orbit. 
 		 
 		 
 Share bacon with a muzzie today then shoot 'em. 
 Still curious. 
 	America's first Nigger Presidunce.  The Rapist in Chief.  Cocaine Billy of the magical Cigar.  'Better put some ice on that' Arkancide Cowboy.  I could go on for a week with the piece of shit clinton. 
  She's a porn site.  
 		Evil goes on if good people do nothing. 
 		indeed . . evil grows . . when good people do nothing 
 		indeed . . evil grows . . when good people do nothing 
 Update:   Jackson Cosko who leaked Senator’s personal info to the public is not an intern but a paid fellow staffer of Congresswoman Shelia Jackson Lee, who lied about him being on her payroll. Cosko, now arrested, faces 50 years in prison, and I’m sure will be singing soon.     #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam     #1A #2A        
 	Nigger Jackson Lee is a bad person. 
  
 	cunt faces 
 Yes. When I was in Switzerland told that all reservists (99% male population) took loaded rifles home. Gee whizz zero burglary rate! Courts Will Not Convict. Compare with Uk, Tony Martin case. Norfolk Police nigger central. 
 Usa 
 	awful my daughter needs a nigger like oj to date 
 					Ok friend let's test you.   How do you feel about the self sufficient ethonostate of state known as nazi Germany?    How do you feel about the parasitic Christain murdering ethnostate known as Israel? 
 						Fair Enough Some Guy   I'd like to have this conversation after the 2018 Midterm Elections to which you are not helping us in anyway at the moment.  Matter of fact we need to have this discussion but now is not the right time.  If you are not going to surf the Red Wave and Vote Red, please hold your peace until after the 2018 midterms and we can debate all you want  
 							Lol you are such a liar. If you wanted to have the conversation you would have it now. Good luck with your Israel First movement. I'm not participating thanks. 
 								Nobody gives a fuck what you do bitch! 
 Charlie Kirk says he’s against identity politics.   What he means is that he’s against *White* identity politics.   This is a disgusting manifestation of ethnomasochism, and teaches many young, impressionable Whites that there is something wrong with pro-White advocacy. 
 	Is he fucking that nigger bitch?   
 faggot 
 Twitter supports Muslims, Nazis and anyone else who hates and dehumanizes Jews.   Because It isn't enough to hate Trump, you must hate anyone who is different.         
 	Lying cocksucker.you must be a fucking jew.Twitter will Not allow criticism of kikes.In this case they are more afraid of the nigger than the semenite. 
 What your posts about owning excessive guns say about you:   
 		I’ve seen a video of two African men killing a white woman.  She falls to the ground on her back and they both kneel down on her right side.  One starts stabbing her in the abdomen while she shakes and convulses trying to move her arms, unsuccessfully, to block the stabs, while the other one up by her head hacks at her neck with the machete.  It must have been dull because it wasn’t doing the job, so he starts trying to saw at her neck with the blade.  that still doesn’t  do the job, so now he stands up and starts hacking at her neck very hard.  By this time she’s dead, but when he hacks at her neck her whole body convulses really quick like she just got a large electric shock.  Finally, he’s hacking but the body no longer convulses.  The head finally separates from the body and he brings it close to the camera and then the video cuts out.  In addition, both with what I’ve read and what I’ve heard black people scream in real life, they are not interested in reconciliation, harmony and brotherhood/sisterhood, no they want fucking pyback.  It’s not the proximity, it’s the experience.  If I moved to North Dakota and never saw a nigger again, I’d still feel the same way bc I’m experienced, no longer naive, no longer oblivious.  my eyes have been opened,  And I wish I could show that video to you, it got scrubbed.  Wish I still had it so I could go to the local university and show silly white bitches and tell them to remember this video when they vote.  LoL, if they saw it they’d probably would get ptsd .  shock has a certain value.  and I don’t give a damn if you believe me or not.  When my parents are gone I’ll be living in Okinawa living my retirement studying *real* karate with the student descendents of the original masters.  Have fun pillow biter, bc niggers have a certain proclivity to be extremely homophobic.a former gay friend admitted that to me a long time ago.  To you, I’m a white nationalist racist bigot blah blah blah, but to me, you’re a naive, unknowledgeable white privileged (there’s a big downside to white privilege) and that’s unfamiliarity with violence or dark side of human nature up close and personal, in your face, never been in a race riot have you?)  
 Elizabeth Warren Is Not An InDIAn.   In The Usa In Order To Receive AnY Federal FUNDInG A Person Must Be 1/8 Th InDIAn.Her Dna Test Showed She Is 1/1000 Th InDIAn.But So Are Almost All AMERICAnS .Lol   Warren Lied !        
 	That woman is a retard 
 Still posting loli   never posted or even looked up any loli really until now     
 	Ravioli ravioli, Torba please stop censoring the Loli. 
 		I am going to report you two thanks for the evidance  
 				they pretend to be tough guys yet when they see pictures they don't like they running to Torba like Torba is some kind of playground supervisor. "wwaahh tell 'em Torba. they're posting things I don't like. Make 'em stop Torba. Waaahh!" *sniffle*  
 					He's either retarded or an elaborate troll.  I think there has to be a second Poe's Law. "It is impossible to tell a retard from a person trolling as a retard" 
  
 	Good, blast yourself you fuckin Europhobic faggot jew brownnoser ! 
 61% felons!    
 	 
 		36% nigger in total, what an absolute shit hole 
 fuck are we gonna start up w the white sharia bs again 
 	Speak for yourself but I don't have to act like a sand nigger to do it. 
  Q Anon is a retard psyop  
 Are Nazis enemies of America? 
 		Yes, please show your incredible ignorance!  You don't know that about 95% of the people who call themselves Jews are Khazarian Russians converted in the 7th century and they are askeNAZI Jews?  My that would be actually looking at Facts something a Retard like you would never do!  You just believe all the Racist askeNAZI Jew Lies and be a good little monkey brain!  Obviously Jews are sub human beasts and inferior scum when you look at Facts!  But you won't because they brainwashed you well with the Racist Jewish Supremacist media and sewage of Hollywood!  These are Facts again which you will not look at will you? You are Ignorant!  
 *New Video*   Male feminist 'respects women' by roundhouse kicking one in the face at a pro-life event.   The absolute state of the left in 2018.       
 	It seems that that soy boy faggot only fights women. What a coward like all "male" feminists. 
 	I win. 
 		Christgang 1 Neopagans 0 
 				No need to be salty. 
 					You wish I was salty. It would mean I didn't realise how stupid you are. But, alas. You are  as dumb as they come. 
 					I judge people by their character moreso than their Iq score. Theres no shortage of smart assholes in this world.  
 				Lol Slava! 
 					Slava ! 
 					Slava ! 
 I’m not afraid or disgusted of White Women, but if a woman does indeed fuck a nigger than I’m not going to give her a pass just because race mixing is promoted by kikes.  
 Rofl! Cnn comes out with proof that the protesters at the Kavanaugh hearings weren't paid! RoflMAO!     Like anyone believes anything that Cnn says at all anymore!     ClownNewsNetwork 
 	Cunt News Network  
 	Cunt News Network  
 Why the Npc Meme Crashed Twitter   The shame,Shame, Shame of being a basement dweller!    Black Pigeon Speaks    
 	the Anti-FirstAmendment faggot stomping around his mom's basement was amusing.  
  
 	Looks like that annoying cunt Ben Shapiro. He has a punchable face.  
 Please keep posting about Keith Ellison since media keeps ignoring it     
 	Keith Ellison, Ted Kennedy, Bill Clinton, Sen. Barney Frank with his pedophile ring, and Many more.   but the Dems get to lecture Judge Kavanaugh over Unsubstantiated and Conflicting allegations 
 		Hey, Keith Ellison! Are you a dirty stinkin Sand Nigger by any chance? You smell like one! 
 .it's getting harder and harder not to use the word nigger these days. 
 Look at the faggot army, What a Joke.  Fools    
 I'm bantzing a retard with low verbal Iq, can't seem to read the word jew, wants to argue semantics, so I obliged her.  If she can't handle the bantz she can stop responding 
 Opinion: California Morphing Into A Separate Country Over Immigration      
 	California is now an official Shithole and communist run country. Human feces left on public streets, tent cities, mexicans, niggers, homeless whites, faggots sexing in the streets of San Francisco in front of children, strident lesbians screaming at men, homes and businesses of the few conservatives vandalized as the owners are attacked. A nigger mayor in San Francisco had to step over drug syringes in the street in order to get to a news podium. But the most telling fact is the recent run of celebrities selling their mansions at cut rates as they move East. Only hookers, pimps and Jews will be left in Hollywood as the exodus continues. 
 App You, Mad'm Naim is a super dumb cunt with an Iq about subzero. 
 	Did you know I had to fight through 3 bullshit politically motivated criminal trials after the rally? With almost nonexistent support from the community because people with platforms were suppressing the information? If so why didn't you speak up then? 
 		I haven't thrown anyone under the bus, suppressed information, havent attacked real world activists, or anything else you seem to be implying. If you have some personal grievance with me that I dont know of, Pm me and we'll talk about it.  
 			I'm not trying to make this about you. Just about every movement "leader" threw me under the bus & refused to support me when I dealt with persecution after the rally. I sacrificed my entire life & they treated my sacrifice like it meant nothing.   No support when I faced prison, tried to file lawsuits, faced down 20,000 Antifa at Utr 2. Its been total cowardice 
 				If you happen to see a serious legal effort against Charlottesville (in the near future) it will not be because of but in spite these people: Andrew Anglin, Mike Enoch, Richard Spencer, Michael Hill, etc.   All these people jumped ship & tried to look out for themselves.    Those who don't like me saying so can kiss my ass. I've been fighting Irl with no support. 
 					You should have tried harder to bring people in from an hour or two of Charlottesville. People who have a real connection to Lee, Jackson and old Virginia. Most of these other characters with the exception of the League of the South have no real connections. 
 						I should have worked on making traditional conservatives a little more bold like Trump does.   It was a huge mistake to think I could moderate the Alt-Right into a movement capable of mainstream political success.   I got into something I didn’t understand, clearly.   I got redpilled on 4Chan & had no experience with the Irl groups. 
 																	You're a faggot and nobody listens to you. 
  
 	On any other social media platform you would be removed for the crime of.making leftists angry.     Either toe the line or lose your voice in the social arena.    Not anymore, thanks to @a and Gab. 
 		Funny to see this on Gab because most on Gab would be considered a "racist" just for being real about race. There are real differences between us all. All races have positive and negative traits. Whites are wonderful and have been the most successful in my opinion. They are a unique and beautiful people. 
 				By mud do you mean Muslims or blacks or Mexicans or everyone except whites? 
 					Anyone except Whites. 
 						Blacks are naturally tall so they can play basketball well. I've also seen them dance well and they are musical people. I like foods from other races. Asians are incredibly intelligent people with high IQs. They invented things like the hormone pill, paper making, silk, and so on. Is there not anything you like from another race? 
 								lol! You have a point there and you'd have to value basketball for it to really count. Most of it is garbage. The tap dancing of old is kind of cool though. You remind me of some of my family that won't try other foods and such. They don't venture beyond traditional American food. 
 									I believe Tradition has the most value. I've tried some other foods,didn't like it. American all the way. 
 									I believe Tradition has the most value. I've tried some other foods,didn't like it. American all the way. 
 Few tears are more delicious than Rothschild tears. 
 	Livin in a world where your fake american kenyan puppet nigger changed the rules cuz y'all thought you were gonna win forever. Not so fast asshole. 
 The real Holocaust was against the German and Axis Nations who stood up to the Jews and their Allied puppets & died fighting for you and a better world.     
 	"Hellstorm" is the most shocking & disturbing book I have ever read.   I can believe that WW2 was really just a crusade by the Babylonian Roman Church to finally annihilate the German Christian nation.   They had used WW1 to turn the two nations responsible for the Reformation and spreading the Word of God Britain & Germany (by newer and more accurate translations of the Bible and the printing press) against each other for the purpose of mutual self-destruction. 
 		Garbage . Give it a fucking rest idiot. Who ever wrote that book is a Low Iq Twat just like the Name the Jew Clowns are Low Iq buttfuckers whose 'information' comes from Jews, Fags and Subversives. The Church did more to combat than nazis ever did. Fucking Goons. 
 I want legislation that from today forward, Every Coat Hanger, Must be covered with Staph to ensure any baby-murderers Die as a result of killing their babies!  Plus, they Cunt vote if they are dead! 
  
 	Well, you can, you just look like a Fuk-Kin Retard 
  
 	Nope she’s safe, Kavanaugh was guilty as fuck, even his classmates knew it. She’s got nothing to worry about. 
 		Wow, aren't you retarded 
 	What a cunt  
 Dunkin' apologizes after employee calls police on student speaking Somali with family    
 		Not sure what you are talking about here. A Dunkin' employee called the police just because somebody was speaking a foreign language. What 'nigger' did what before? The employee that made the call was white. The Somali did nothing at all other than to speak Somali to their family members so far as the article says. Do you have other information on this? 
 		Yes, there was a post and instore video that showed the same individual claiming she was refused service. I don't recall the person who posted it,I saw it online yesterday.  
 		They talk about the video in the article. That was the end of the dispute, after they were told to leave because they were speaking Somali. 
 		this piece of work lives in Minneapolis, running for the Us Senate. She supposedly married her brother to get him in the country a few years ago. 
 		Gotcha. Too bad nobody caught the first part of the exchange on video. It would not at all surprise me if there were unreported provocations from the Somali family and their activist candidate daughter. This incident may well be a campaign stunt. 
 		Gotcha. Too bad nobody caught the first part of the exchange on video. It would not at all surprise me if there were unreported provocations from the Somali family and their activist candidate daughter. This incident may well be a campaign stunt. 
 News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
 	There it is. The most mind-numbingly retarded thing I've read all day. 
  
 		sounds about right for seventh century jurisprudence ,though to be fair witch persecution in Europe was using similar practices only a few years ago .In Europe it was about stealing widows property ,in the end . 
 		sounds about right for seventh century jurisprudence ,though to be fair witch persecution in Europe was using similar practices only a few years ago .In Europe it was about stealing widows property ,in the end . 
 Just another Trump hating twat on Democracy Now 
 58 genders? Ok .but 2 categories are missing for sure. 
 		a lot of truth spoken in jest. If they did have these 2 categories, I think they may have won over a few more retarded people. Seriously 
 There's no such thing as psychopaths or sociopaths, introverts or extroverts, alphas or betas, etc.  everyone is a product of motivation. in other words, people are only willing to do what they are motivated to do.  
 	Wrong. !  I'm an introvert and do lots Great work Alone.     People wear me out just talking.  
 		If you were truly an introvert you wouldn't need human contact. Lock yourself in the bathroom for a week without any radio, books, or any indirect human contact and then try to make your retarded claim. People don't wear you out; your inability to govern how they treat you is the real culprit. 
 retarded whore 
 	The proud nigger lovers haven't accomplished jack shit in Portland and other leftist cities. Antifa is still marching in the streets, blocking traffic, threatening citizens, and getting away with it.  
 Glad James Woods is back. Always funny   (Don't Ya Jes Love It)                 
 	Bill and Hillary(HillBilly) dont have the energy for a nationwide speacking tour, unless they are coniuously fed the blood of live children.   In any/every town where HillBilly speacks, there will be a higher than usual incedence of missing children.  
 	Bill and Hillary(HillBilly) dont have the energy for a nationwide speacking tour, unless they are coniuously fed the blood of live children.   In any/every town where HillBilly speacks, there will be a higher than usual incedence of missing children.  
 "Clean your room" faggot hates winning 
 Lol Just like a good Little sand Nigger Muslim aint you 
 i can tell u r still getting your information from retarded  morons. why is it so many of you morons think the earth is Flat? even your Nazi heros knew the earth was round. 
 Shove this picture in front of every liberal British and American politician and demand they apologize for the hell they have unleashed upon our country. When they try to escape demand that they recognize they knew exactly what they were doing.    
 	dirty nigger 
 "hahahaha" 
 	You will find  that people may engage with you more if you were less cryptic.   Here nobody can be sure whether you are laughing at or with the twat Linehan?   I suspect with but I could be wrong 
 		Nazi  Its a genetic defect i wouldn't brag about being Albino, that's like calling your self a nazi .its a retard gene 
 Kanye aka "Ye"  rewrites the 13th Amendment    
 	 
 			hotep kanye :) 
 			hotep kanye :) 
 Yeah cause wearing red Nigger shoes and voting for the orange kike will surely save us  
 Democratic Socialist Ocasio-Cortez compares climate change to 'existential threat' of Nazi Germany  
 	Omg Is she not the dumbest twat on the planet? 
 Looks like this twat fell off the wagon again. Hic.   
 	He's lost the plot, it's hilarious  
 	War criminal trying to drowned out the guilt  
 	This fucking arsehole is completely unhinged. Deranged and very nasty with it! 
 	Cannot understand why we still allow Irish & Commonwealth citizens resident in Uk, to vote in our elections Uk Electoral system needs a complete revamp to include a written Constitution guarantting Free Speech & Gun rights 
 	Cannot understand why we still allow Irish & Commonwealth citizens resident in Uk, to vote in our elections Uk Electoral system needs a complete revamp to include a written Constitution guarantting Free Speech & Gun rights 
 It's like crack 
 	Im tired of all these nigger jokes. I have a nigger in my family tree and hes still hangin. 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Alright, here we go. A Nigger boy is paired with one of our gorgeous White, blue-eyed blondes. Watch his hands, people. He may act out of habit. 
 This Cunt Is A Spam Bot.  
 	Those teeth man eeewwwwwe 
 	 
 	 
 Lovely morning to all  
 		Oh deer! 
 		Oh deer! 
 Sayoc is so perfect he has to be a Cia op. A much more plausibe theory is that Our Guys Can Be Stupid Too. 
 		As opposed to an ex stripper turning liberals off with his retarded antics 
 Gormless lefty pick tries to show Islam is a religion of peace by running a poll.    It seems that 91% of people disagree with him  
 	What a twat that thing is! 
 Nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger fucking nigger. Grow up, you fucking pussy. They're words. 
 When Maxine Waters encouraged violence against Trump Cabinet members, it wasn’t the first time she displayed behavior unbecoming of a federal lawmaker. She's been involved in many other controversies. including abusing power to enrich family members.  
 	that Nigger Bitch Needs Ended Like The Rest Of That Communist Demorat Mob. TheY Are The Lawless And Criminals  And Traitors.  
 Nancy Pelosi shouted out of a restaurant - by Cuban Americans in Miami    . Omg.My Prayers Were Answered .Lmao                                    #1A #2A        #Qanon8Chan     #PatriotsFight   #Q  #TrumpTrain  #WeThePeopleHaveHadEnough  #TheFallOfTheCabal       #NoSanctuaryFunding  #NoVisaLottery   #NoOpenBorders    
 	Wow a stupid fucking cunt like you and your crab infested pussy would think that's a good thing. Fuck The Cubans they are niggers oh but wait you're a nigger lover I get it. Shut your cocksucker whore. 
 lol right as she tries to push her kumbaya facade on hulu  
 	I think this woman is vile. She must be retarded or some brain defect. 
 I see a gaggle of murderers, rapists, thieves, perverts, pedophiles, pimps, pushers, drug addicts, drunks, violent low-life, low I.Q., parasitic ‘gibsmedat’ dirty smelly black monkey-looking nigger beasts invading white countries with the help of lying, treacherous, nation-wrecking, degenerate jew filth. 
 	John Mayer: 
 	John Mayer: 
 Debate Presidêncial na Tv Record Virou a Série Todo Mundo Odeia o     
 	you look gay, as hell, and not speaking english, yes your gay, wipe the cum off your face cunt fact.  
 Who should primary Murkowski? 
 	It's official. Sarah Palin definitely listens to the Radical Agenda.     
 		Palin's not our gal but she isn't as morally retarded as most of the Gop establishment.  C.f. offering to adopt your daughter's baby to reduce scandal vs. adopting nigger babies from Haiti to signal to libs. 
 		Perhaps but better than the made up paranoid fantasy dreamland you are in. I called you out and can't back it up. Fucking retard  
 	 No, and neither are 50+% of whites either. Take who you can get. Just don't count on those you do not know. 
 		in a white nation the sane whites outnumber the minority of white cucks & retards, so you in fact have a Blacks and Latino problem to boot, not a (white) cuck & retard problem 
 jew dyke 
 Utsav, former Gab employee, relinquished his Gab shares for five cents each. Gab wants you to pay $4.00 each. Don't pay 80X what the best informed insider was willing to take for his.  
 	Who was Utsav? 
 			That too and she worked for Mossad. 
 			That too and she worked for Mossad. 
 27th October 1971 the Ira murdered David Tilbury, 29. 1 of 2 soldiers murdered in bomb attack on observation post, Londonderry. 2 10lb bombs were tossed over wall onto sandbag emplacement at back of Rosemount Ruc station. Both soldiers died instantly      
 	 Is é arm na hÉireann gach fear Gaeilge 
 		Cad Carrick? you old silly bint  
 .@PoliticalIslam you look like a stupid faggot & a total asshole!  
 Someone just needs to get hold of a gun and take that cunt Glenn out.   
 Someone just needs to get hold of a gun and take that cunt Glenn out.   
 twat face 
 	I'm laughing heeee hawww heee hawww? Oh No, that is the sound coming out of This attached pic!  
 	I'm laughing heeee hawww heee hawww? Oh No, that is the sound coming out of This attached pic!  
  
 		 Praise Kek! 
 		 Praise Kek! 
 	Fat cunt with no life trying to throw her weight around. What a bitch! 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 							What does make a black person black? I know so called people of color who are told they arnt black because something to do with I don't even fucking know. Ben Carson is supposedly a black man, yet other supposed blacks say he's not black. What does it mean to be a white person? What does it mean to be a black person? Or any category of person? Definition of a white person? 
 										Straight and to the point. Thanks for the tip! 
 Eat our shit fucker. miserable jealous jew haters. Get a life faggot  
 Merkel Accelerates the Kalergi Plan in Europe   Barren womb cunt Angela Merkel plans to genocide Europe with the help of useful idiots from the Left and third world scum.        
 Weird demon guy has a pentagram hanging from his neck and kicks like a retarded ostrich He needs to be passed around a little in prison. 
 Ex-Florida lawmaker leaves Republican Party      
 	Faggot blinks . . . 
  Labs and Common Clause attacked where it hurts: With open-source code    proving/demonstrating the resilience of  
 	Oh god.  It's this faggot again 
 Oblivious: Bill & Hillary Clinton Readying Nationwide Stadium Tour      
 	    she sucked too much sand nigger cock 
 Conor getting lit up in the Octagon after the fight ended    - The king is dead   Ufc 229 McGregor Khabib Scary Attack, All Angles Brawl Into Crowd 
 	What actually happened? 
 		Conor's corner man & wrestling coach go lippy. Security tried to stop khabib climb over the octagon but was a over weigh 40 + year. Khabib jumped off the apron of the octagon into Dillon Danus but security appeared promptly.  Meanwhile the Russia corner are now inside the octagon about to scale they fence to help Khabib. Security stop them. Conors still inside. So they just go up to him & start lighting him up.   Three of them were arrested. Police ask Conor if he wants to press charges. He said no. So they let them go.  The Nevada athletic commission is withholding Khabib's 2 million purse. Dana & the Ufc will withhold his Ppv money  He's got the belt & his legacy 27 - 0   at the press conference Khabib said when he gets back to Dagestan his father will smash & President Putin called him to say congratulation    
 				The Russians Smash the Irish Fans after the fight ends    [video] 
 					"Apidta!" 
 					"Apidta!" 
 Uk Government Hires George Soros to Give Police ‘Hate Crime Training’   The Uk has announced it will use taxpayers money to pay for George Soros's hate crime training programme, which will be used on Police officers tackling anti-Muslim hate crimes.Under the guise of fighting "hate speech" and "hate crime," the new Soros funded training smells a lot like the end of free speech.I will also be asking my Anti-Muslim hate crime and Anti-Semitism roundtables to identify what more we can do to stamp out hate crime, Home Secretary Sajid Javid said.As new plans to tackle hate speech" are revealed, the Home Office has promised a police cash boost to give handlers specialist training developed by George Soros's Ngo. The programme will help call handlers to effectively identify if a hate crime has been committed and provide a professional and empathetic response for people who may have suffered personal abuse, according to the ministry’s website.   jihadwatch.org reports: Police Oracle reports that 20,000 of taxpayers’ money will be spent on training delivered by the National Police Chiefs’ Council in partnership with Facing All The Facts, an organisation funded by globalist billionaire George Soros which works with social media companies like Google along with law enforcement agencies across Europe to monitor and fight hate.It is part of the government’s crucial work to tackle all forms of hate crime, support victims and protect the vulnerable from this horrific abuse, the Home Office said.   Later this year, the government will release an updated Hate Crime Action Plan outlining further measures the state intends to take to tackle the five hate crime strands  race, religion, sexual orientation, disability and transgender identities.   The action plan, the first version of which was published shortly after the Brexit vote in summer 2016, defines success as maximising the number of hate incidents reported by members of the public, instructing police and various monitoring agencies to actively solicit complaints.   Sajid Javid said: Hate crimes are totally unacceptable and have no place in British society. I understand the fear, anguish and anger they can cause.Those who have the courage to report these vile crimes deserve as much support as possible. That is why we have provided funding to give police call handlers expert training to spot the signs and respond compassionately. I will also be asking my Anti-Muslim hate crime and Anti-Semitism roundtables to identify what more we can do to stamp out hate crime, the newly-installed Home Secretary said.Announcing their expansion, the Home Office said that the previous work of ‘hate crime’ roundtables includes the creation of a guide to moderate online hate content and a guide to support hate crime victims.It also highlighted ongoing collaboration between the Anti-Muslim Hatred Working Group and Ipso (Independent Press Standards Organisation) in the aid of ensuring sensitive reporting around issues relating to state-designated victim groups.While the number of arrests in Britain has fallen dramatically in recent years, despite large increases in recorded crime, arrests over hateful comments posted online have risen by as much as 877 percent in some parts of England.   Full story:    
 	What the fuck? 
 			You are simply in Matrix with your inverted brain so you will call me exactly what you are.  Happens to me all the time.  Retarded Democrats call me stupid which is exactly what they are!  The filthy Jew brainwashing layer is thick and is hard to penetrate, but it is the Jew every single time!  They control the vile Racist subversive Lying media and the sewage of hollywood.  Whatever a Jew accuses someone of they are guilty!  Jews are Pigs! 
  @a c/c     There are obvious foreign trolls on Gab, posing as White Nationalists & Trump supporters.   They are currently trying to sow division, demoralize conservative voters, spreading anti-Trump/anti-Republican propaganda, and discouraging people from voting.   This is foreign election interference. Will Gab do anything about this? 
 	Hopefully no. We don't need any echo chambers. If your ideology can't withstand a little shit posting, then your ideology is trash! You political rivals will throw everything they can at you, and it will be you looking like an Npc if all you can do is spout buzzwords. 
 		Fuck off idiot. Not here to waste time with trolls and mentally retarded lunatics. 
 -Mr. Roose is the New York Times bestselling author of two books, Young Money (2014) and The Unlikely Disciple (2009)  -He graduated from Brown University  -in 2015 he was named to Forbes's 30 Under 30 list   Today, he eclipsed all that.       
 	Free publicity, the left is truly retarded  
 Good. The more votes he gets the better. I don't hate black people. And you need to evaluate whether you love whites more than you hate blacks. Because cutting off your nose to spite your face is a retarded move hands down. 
 Antifa Group Puts Severed Pig Heads at Campaign Offices in Texas, Call for 'Revolutionary Violence'  via  
 		Nwo Globalist Evil Iluminati Control Islam & Soros ! Top Iluminati Grand Wizard: We Control Islam   2018-30 Evil Nwo Basic Idea "Order Out Of Chaos" ! Soros  Leads\Funds Global Nwo Chaos & Stooges + Antifa  Chaos Vs Order  -Kill Maga & Brexit Spirit  
 		Nwo Globalist Evil Iluminati Control Islam & Soros ! Top Iluminati Grand Wizard: We Control Islam   2018-30 Evil Nwo Basic Idea "Order Out Of Chaos" ! Soros  Leads\Funds Global Nwo Chaos & Stooges + Antifa  Chaos Vs Order  -Kill Maga & Brexit Spirit  
 You'd better start worrying about Michelle Obama because even though she's postponing taking heat by claiming that she's not running for President, she is still filling arenas for campaign rallies that she's disguising as a "book tour".    And this is despite Charging people $30 - $500 to get in!   68% approval when she left White house    
 			Irrelevant. If she comes out, she's even more popular with Dem voters. Retard muted. 
 Don't hurt yourself pork chop. 
 		Pillow fight right? With jazz hands for the winner? 
 		Soy face, for real? Are these people being ironic at this point, or is it just what SoyBois do? 
 		If you're going to curse the greatest nation on planet Earth, you may want to change your icon picture. Nobody's afraid of the class clown. 
 		There are some people who are stupid and some who revel in their stupidity. This is that guy 
 		If a Marine looked at him, he'd wet his diaper.  
 		Anybody that wants to fuck everything must not be fucking anything.poor guy. 
 		I'm 75 and judging by your profile picture I'm confident that I could kick your ass all the way down the street and around the corner.  
 		This is the type that goes into hospitals breaking the bones of new borns 
 		 
 		Give him a break. Those are the only fucks he will ever have. 
 		Give him a break. Those are the only fucks he will ever have. 
 ok.so if Gab is shut down for weeks and possibly, conveniently, during the election, we may not be able to communicate.I have one request.  let's prove we can do this Without communication, because we Know what we have to do.  Nov 6 is my birthday so.Don'T Fuck This Shit Up! 
 		vote red kiddo.vote red 
 			well yeah, im not a communist. im going w the mommo when she votes. she said if I cause Any trouble its curtains for me. have to come up w a good plan to explain the temporary mustache. she probably won't even notice tho cause I do retarded shit all the time  
 mocking you.means, I am .  mocking you.honey. 
 				you aren't a Christ man.  she is his partner, he does not demean who she is.   you are the kind of guy who beats a woman, and thinks it makes you a man.   you have no idea how to be a man.   you need to go find an example of what you should be. 
 				you aren't a Christ man.  she is his partner, he does not demean who she is.   you are the kind of guy who beats a woman, and thinks it makes you a man.   you have no idea how to be a man.   you need to go find an example of what you should be. 
  kills    
 	Totally bogus.  Went strait to the moon in the 60s. After all of the decades of folks smoking.  Plus tobacco was one of America's top cash crop for ages. The civilian word did not start acting retarded because of cigarettes.  Try again. 
 	I've been saying this for years: Everyone, not a handful, but everyone needs to stop attending and watching the games. The Nigger Felon League would cave after a couple of weeks. 
 I was wondering when one of you little nigger lovers was gonna stop by. 
 Gab: Look at this dumb ass Warren. She claims that just b/c she has 1 / 1024 Indian Dna that she is Indian. What type of idiot thinks she could actually be Indian with that bloodline?   : It’s the one drop rule. If you have even one god damn drop of nigger Dna you aren’t white. You are a nigger! Gotta keep our white gene pool clean and prevent the  
 Stupid Ass Pelosi & Crew Run Out Of Restaurant. Trump Supporters Told Her To "Get The Fuck Out"   Run, Nancy, Run! Pelosi Shouted Out of Restaurant In Miami! [Video] - David Harris Jr                #Usa                @6549lmartin                                         ,                                                                                @LBrooksRD                           
 	Good Morning Don Funny as she tell the left to do the same thing. Bet she was not a happy camper. How dare they.Here comes the racist comments!  Have a great day sweetie! 
 		It appears she is surrounded by fat smelly dyke security - all the 'black' males are queers. 
 You are confusing me with your kike whore of a mother, faggot. Go drown yourself in a vat of Zyklon B, you faggot cocksucking Heeb.  
 Top tier faggot alert. 
 Unfortunately not. China is busy kissing nigger ass. Nigger countries are the only thing keeping the Chinese economy going and keeping the Un and Interpol from poking it's nose into China's business. 
 Turdos gang. 
 		We don't do that.  Still, look at the faggot, he is an embarrassment. 
 Dave Hogue is a Design Lead at .    
 		So.not a fan of Kavanaugh then? Can we still count on a contribution the Rnc this year? 
 			If Bk is a Bush retard we will know soon. 
 The President of the Student Union at Southampton University wants to tear down a mural dedicated to World War I veterans simply because the men depicted are White.   This is the kind of brainwashing that happens in higher education. 
 	somebody needs to bayonet that cunt right in the baby maker. the fucking audacity, after the horrors faced in the trenches.  
  
 	the faggot take on religion 
  This faggot is talking shit about Gab.    
   Posts per day are flat.   I guess they don't find you all that fascinating either. 
 	Well the only difference between my content and yours is that mine actually have quality.   Yours just sounds like the ramblings of an insane conspiracy nutjob who thinks the world is out to get them.    "Oh @a and  paid some meanies to harass me for badmouthing the site Gab needs a sooperhero!"   You're a fucking faggot dude. 
 Restaurant tried to charge acid attack victim for water that was saving his face.   Restaurant = Paki takeaway.     
 	well, that's life in a  country. yep, sure glad we saved the Brits from the nazis so they could let the British Empire go to shit.   Why I say now that Canada should have stayed home in '39, sad reality. 
 		Europe would be in better shape had the Germans won. How bad are things in Canada these days? I visit family in Toronto now and then, and it seemed to be absolutely full of Orientals last time. Are they everywhere, or just in that city? 
 			A little bit of non-White immigrant goes a long way & that point long past in parts of degrading Canada. Toronto now a  Sanctuary city run by a  Retard begging for more tax$ to support the Illegal Migrants flooding over the border thanks to Trudo'h the boy blunder Prog inviting them here from the Us. MUsT  the ProgS! 
 Keep fighting to let retarted inbreeds use the word nigger online while fingering there sister pls everyone what would we do if we couldn’t gay bash right before cruising the local bus station   
 do the teenagers working at the Hot Topic laugh at u when u walk up to the register with a Walking Dead t shirt and Avengers baseball cap or do u say it’s for ur retarded teenage son or something?  
 Only a nigger would have that "rifle." 
 		Their respective races rejected them. 
 					I live in the American South, we've got a pretty high density here so it's a fairly large to pool to make observations of. Mixed couples are almost always racial rejects.   Alternatively, you don't have to look very far on YouTube to find that the black community is in a crisis because the men and women seem to hate each other.  
 								They are correct. After all, 70% of all Nigger 'families' are single-parent. 
 Not bad for a corporal of humble background.     
 		Suck a bag of nigger dicks kike. 
 In campus speech, David Hogg says U.S. is stolen land, justifies illegal immigration    
 		Globalist Nwog Generation  Now 42 Yrs Old  ! Nwog Age Today  : 42=s 5 yrs old begin school + 37 yrs Nwo education\propaganda --30 yrs is a new generation Evil Un Mind Control Education    1981 Globe Evil Nwog LAUnCH Team  - 37 yrs ago !    
 		Globalist Nwog Generation  Now 42 Yrs Old  ! Nwog Age Today  : 42=s 5 yrs old begin school + 37 yrs Nwo education\propaganda --30 yrs is a new generation Evil Un Mind Control Education    1981 Globe Evil Nwog LAUnCH Team  - 37 yrs ago !    
 Watching the meltdown is awesome!    
 	look tards, remember that old video of Trump in a room with a giant, crazy bird?  You know he wanted to kill the damned thing with a hammer, but he managed to keep his composure.  Of what use to our movement could this kind of "cargo cult" support from the dumbest nigger to never rob a liquor store be? 
 Hey faggot fuck I see that you miss The Iron Patriot and me I see your score is -46 ha ha ha that means your profile sucks .  
 Angry Democrat Mob Assaults Journalist at Andrew Gillum Rally  (Video)  
 	if this nigger wins in my state that is %79 republican it will be by voter fraud. this nigger is also under investigation by the fbi 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	Well, you are probably pretty damn knowledgeable on the topic of being embarrassed you disgusting faggot freak show. 
 Replace One Globalist Cunt With Another   Trump Says He "Doesn't Like What The Fed Is Doing", Is Considering Goldman's Powell For Un Ambassador    
 Replace One Globalist Cunt With Another   Trump Says He "Doesn't Like What The Fed Is Doing", Is Considering Goldman's Powell For Un Ambassador    
 When They Go Low - We Go High ~ Michelle Obama                    
 	Did Miss Cunt spell her last name wrong on twatter? 
 Yet I can refute every stupid thing U say retard 
 I actually wouldn't want a child to be born to this demon.  27th abortion and proud of it.  What the hell happened to birth control?       ** New Message ** Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: Please click the star next to the Marianne's Corner Topic as I'm moving away from adding additional names to this list as it's getting quite lengthy.  If you would like your name removed please let me know.  Thank you all so much.                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                                                              
 	Slut Cunt ! 
 You know that nigger had a phone. 
 Thousands march in Chicago against Trump's 'anti woman agenda'  via  
 	Can even a single one actually make a reasonable argument that Trump has implemented any anti-woman agenda? Like just one thing.  
 		Every working person in the Us should be fucking livid with those damn deductibles. Unbelievable. I’ve always hated liberals and their nigger pets getting so much of my money, but that really turned things up a notch.  
 beep boop the left cant meme beep boop maga beep boop                     #Q 
 	Manic Progressives Produce Comedy, Not Wins. It Only Gets Worse For You, Cupcakes!  Pathetic. Flailing. ! Here's A Gift, So You Can Remember How Ridiculous You Clowns Are.    #Q    
 		Ignorant liberal Retard posts meme that makes no sense and then responds to comments by making fake computer sounds that no real computer actually made ever. 
 Got two  actions for you Gabbers! First one,  credit cards:   Yah, Samuel L. Jackson is the obnoxious nigger asking what in the motherfuck is in yo' wallet, bitchass cracker? Whatever. However, they're now airing an ad showing an epsilon-level male kissing his nigger ho at a sportball game- after asking her to marry him & make mud babies- 
     Vote  11-10 .U lose 
 	fucking parasites. one greedy old Jew hag and the other a nigger blood sucker. 
 Breaking: Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker  With Lawyer’s Response to Gateway Pundit  
 	Spartacus the nigger bull-faggot? 
 Everyone is welcomed to call me a spic and a faggot, hopefully make it funny, but it's fine either way. 
  
 	That's All politics is now: connected, corrupt money-worshiping scum. That whore doesn't give a rat's ass that stupid but harmless potheads and far worse the sick are thrown in the Nigger Buttfuck Academy. 
 How many times have you shared an article about some black panther nigger who "just wanted to rape and murder White bitches" or do you only care about that kind of language when it's directed towards you and your fellow kikes? 
 Watch: Somali refugee explains why they believe rape of women in the West is not a crime    
 	Seems misleading just by the pic - that's the Beetlejuice nigger from the Howard Stern show and he's been dead for years. Fake news 
 Dear 6th grader, you need to improve your grammar and spelling skills.   "engaged me you . " should be you engaged me,   "an retard" should be a retard   "the filed" should be the field   "Your all" should be You're all   Carry on though, you seem to be on the path to 7th grade. 
 John K Stahl    Fbi needs to fully investigate this SuperSkank. Intern arrested for doxxing Gop Senators and she’s passing mysterious envelope to Squeaky’s attorney during hearing. Was it a check from Soros?   
 	I Am Sure It Was A Payoff. This Nigger Shiksa Is From My Area. She Is A Slum Lord Like Maxine Watters Is. She Keeps All The Free SHIt Flowing For The Slum Votes. 
    Hard to believe this is 3 years old already.   Rammstein - Sonne    
 		Lol! The Npc continues to bleed all over my comments. You've earned your second trophy award. 
 		Lol! The Npc continues to bleed all over my comments. You've earned your second trophy award. 
  
 	. 
 		Christianity is dying all over Europe, and you can't do anything about that. 
 			2 billion christians in Europe silly bollox.  How many pagans.  Apart from hindus? 
 					You ate a jew just attacking christians with paganism.  Europe is christian and will remain so.  There will never be an pagan europe 
 						Your right cause it's going to be fucking Mock Mood muslim cause the weak ass Christian's are giving it up  
 							You seriupsly think I am going to engage with a distespectful cunt like you think again kike 
 From Bryan Goff    Petaluma, Us 
 	It's cure comforting to know the 6000 Satellites are taking high definition pictures of useless shit instead of finding missing children that are traumatized by abductions, sex trafficking and worse, enjoy your face painting  
 			 oh, shit.this made me snort! Nice work sis  
 				perhaps. just another faggot crying in moms basement. 
 Participation awards for all. 
 	Who's running the show all Poc plus one White Nigger 
 when you're so ugly your eyelashes jump off your face and take refuge on your glasses 
 	The picture isnt opening for me  So let me guess who  Canadas faggot trudeau ? 
 wikipedia entries for offending Ip address       offending Ip edited Dsa page before doxing. in other words, perp conducted political activities using government resources.   lol 
 	dyke skank 
 I'm thankful that miserable cunt hasn't multiplied. 
 I've got news for you, Angela Merkel is not a Jew. You're the retard here  
 Now, show me White males doing the same to Nigger females. Remember, these are Fbi stats. Yet, you make up by far the minority of the entire population. My own city of Toronto, by far the majority of rapes against White females are committed by Niggers, yet Niggers make up only 6% of our entire population. Hmmm? 
 Judicial Watch: State Department Records Show Obama Administration Helped Fund George Soros’ Left-Wing Political Activities in Albania.  Usaid reportedly gave $9 million in 2016 to the Justice for All campaign, which is overseen by Soros’s East West Management Institute.        
 	Sweet deal Mohammedan obama being Soros’s african nigger slave for 8 yrs.Soros said to Mohammedan obama I will make you wealthy beyond your most wildest dreams.Mohammedan obama left the White House wealthy go figure  
 Rt :    Its about time! Gop Senate candidate calls for state investigation of Ellison allegations  
 	Women Beating Nigger    Typical Racist Thug Hood Rat Bloodline Nigger 
 Does Nancy Pelosi believe politicians should be blamed when violence is committed by their supporters or against their opponents? Of course not! At least not when it’s her side.   
 	And the cunt was silent when a democrap mailed envelopes with Ricin in them to Trump and his staff and family. 
 I'm an American Jew and have been on Gab since the day they started in August 2016. Yes, there are some hateful jerks here speaking freely. But I'm a mature adult and can handle it. I just don't follow them.   The majority of us here on Gab are nice people who want to have Free Speech. 
 	It is unfortunate that on this great platform, there are people who carry toxic hatred for other people but that is unfortunately what happens in a Free society. I am not a Jew, but I am sorry that you have to endure this kind of poison. 
 			Wilfred your team was Crushed Decisively, and I fear we may have to do it again. 
 				Are you fucking stupid?  We lost only 3 million on the battlefield and had to Give Soviet Russia billions in military hardware.  You stupid cunt you were Annihilated in the battle of Hurtgen Forrest and deceived this country. Your Jewish ass will melt like your filthy kike ancestors. 
 This is the most hilarious fucking thing I have seen all month.    
 	 
 		A rabbi sucking the bloody dicks of a faggot coupling's twins. Holy shit, I need a bacon sandwich after that news. 
 Hey let's carve some pumpkins!   Ok, cool. let's burn one first. wait. I got an idea!         
 	Smoking pot makes you boring and bored and it makes you not care about being boring and bored.  
 		I'd rather be boring, than gay like you - faggot 
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		Desperate Shit I not the one ,worshiping a sand nigger Lol 
 Amy Schumer turning down Super Bowl ads in support of Colin Kaepernick      
 	shut this fat retarded pig of a cunts mouth up  
 I saw a pic of some coon in Nigeria cookin' up a storm with his nigger enemy as the main course. "Who wez havin' fo' dinna, Mosell?" means something different over there.  Maybe this woman here was hawngry. Ebt card didn't get recharged on time or something. 
 Miss Piggy and Basic Thot 247819 were arrested while protesting the fact that the very Fbi report they were calling for didn’t deliver the results they wanted. 
 	Twat?  I cunt hear you. 
 Even Upton Sinclair didn't believe Upton Sinclair. 
 	"if you are going to blame 'capitalism' for the faults of the press, you are compelled to prove that those faults do not exist except where capitalism controls." 
 		in which  comes full circle and outs himself as a based free-market libertarian 
 			fite me irl faggot 
 Now we open the split. 
 		He's got a point. 
 		He's got a point. 
 Do you think Don Lemon should be fired or resign? 
 	Don Lemon is a nigger on the down-low. 
 get this bitch a based nigger to breed with 
 Hate speech dont exist, retarded speech does but its legal. 
 Yes.  He did.        
 		Stuff him in a poly barrel filled with lye. Three weeks later nothing left but teeth fillings. 
  2363 . Valerie has been Q'd for takedown    Vj, change is coming but not the kind you think since you are a known communist.     Q !mG7VjxZNCI No.358    Oct 7 2018 14:24:43 (Est) New     [Change Is Coming]  >>>     Goodbye, Valerie Jarrett.  Q  Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: If you would like your name added (or removed) to these posts, please let me know below                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                                                           
 	Another Commiecrat and Muzzie that needs a rope necklace. 
 I guess it is time to start babying all the leftists.   they already get participation trophies in amateur sports.   now they want them for pro sports?    
 	Nigger Supremacy ! 
 Obama on his adolescent years in a rare video of a 2001 interview:   -"I was a thug,"   -"I got into fights."   -"I drank and did--and consumed substances that weren't always legal."   -"I might have drank a six-pack in an hour before going back to class"   
 	I don't believe the "he got into fights" part. Yeah, maybe with a cat, but Ubama has never had a man's fist meet his nose. Ever! Fuggin' faggot 
 		Lol I love the tribalism in your statement. What a fucking faggot you lot are. 
 How retarded do you have to be to think that Republicans losing the House would accelerate things faster than Republicans holding both chambers of Congress?  
 Do you want Child Porn on Gab?   Do you want Animated Child Porn on Gab?    Are you censored? Can you have a conservative opinion? A liberal one? Other? Yes!    Is Legal Porn allowed on Gab? Yes.   Shouldn't the line be drawn Somewhere?   I draw it at child porn or facsimiles of such.  If you don't like that go put Child Porn on Twitter. They won't mind.   @a did nothing wrong 
 	I draw the line at hypocritical self-righteous virtue signaling since it correlates extremely well with crimes against humanity. 
 		Hypocritical self righteous virtue signaling is Neither illegal Nor against Gab rules Cunt  
 			Here's what is illegal And actionable: malicious defamation.  I've been defamed twice just being a relative bystander, as a mainstream anime fan with no interest in loli. 
 				You are still here right? As for defamation, slander, etc.well that's part of the free speech of gab you obviously Don'T like! I'm totally free here to say you're a boorish cunt and tell you to fuck off If I Want To  Welcome To Gab  
 Georgetown university professor calls for murder & mutilation of Gop senators 
 		Luckily she is already verified, so twitter won't need to add that. 
 		Imagine your kids being taught by this vile unhinged person! She clearly has serious mental issues! It's time for the educators, teachers, professors, to be tested for mental health issues every single year! No kidding!  
 		Imagine your kids being taught by this vile unhinged person! She clearly has serious mental issues! It's time for the educators, teachers, professors, to be tested for mental health issues every single year! No kidding!  
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. fuck Elton John.    
 faggot 
 that thing will still look just as stupid when it becomes a nigger 
 	The fact that you took those comments seriously, lol me and Todd are friends and we were fucking with each other, your autism is showing. 
 	Can't trust yellow fever ridden potato niggers.  
 Rep. Jackson Lee Intern Charged with ‘Doxing’ Gop Senators  via  
 		Psa: no white people commit crimes. 
 		Psa: no white people commit crimes. 
 	I believe it's (click pop click smack) 
 	So um.you don't like this guy I take it? I'm asking for a friend. 
 	Yeah. Fuck you you fucking pos. You are no Spartacus Booker. You are as phony as a $3 bill.  
 	Yeah. Fuck you you fucking pos. You are no Spartacus Booker. You are as phony as a $3 bill.  
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 	Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away,, scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? or the fact i made u bow down twice. kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
 		nigger 
 	The Nyt is Fake News 
 		 
 		 
 I tried Soylent once. Shit's nasty, and it does nothing to sate hunger. It's faggot soup. 
 New Zealand Portal: Eu Has Become the Dictatorship It Aimed to Defeat   The European Union’s purposeful bullying of the United Kingdom, and attempt to serve up the independence-seeking nation as an example to other European member states that would consider going it alone, has left it becoming the kind of dictatorship it was created to prevent appearing in Europe, a New Zealand report has claimed.  Published to Stuff.co.nz New Zealand’s largest news portal which serves as the website for a number of the nation’s best selling newspapers, the article by columnist Karl du Frense slammed the Eu and drew clear allusions to previous attempts to force control on Europe by imperious Grand Viziers.   He wrote: This is not what the visionaries who founded the Eu were hoping for, but it’s hardly the first time grand, idealistic projects have had unintended outcomes.   Noting the old-fashioned nation-state, forged by its own history, culture, language and sense of identity, is not easily erased, du Frense said of the unpleasant direction of travel of the European project with its uncompromising treatment of Britain:   The message to other Eu member countries is that they can expect similar treatment should they dare consider leaving. But the more striking message these men sent to the watching world is that the protection of Fortress Europe trumps the democratic right of the British people to decide their own future.    As the British Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt wryly observed recently: The Eu was set up to protect freedom. It was the Soviet Union that stopped people leaving.   You have to wonder how many countries would have joined the Eu had they realised what it would turn into  a surreal Hotel California where you could check out any time you like but never leave.  Read more at Stuff.co.nz   Frustration continues to grow in Britain over the Brexit process, led by Prime Minister Theresa May who has been accused of giving away a number of negotiating concessions to the European Union, without having gained any progress in return.   In a jointly-signed letter published Thursday, prominent Brexiteers including Boris Johnson, David Davis, and Jacob Rees-Mogg warned May that the deal she was working to achieve was no Brexit at all, and that if a better future for the nation is thrown away because of Eu bullying and the Government’s desperation to secure a deal, then the British people will not forgive us.   The United Kingdom joining the Single Market in 1973, and then voting to remain in 1975 was a serious blow to New Zealand that felt a close tie of kinship to its parent nation and with whom it imported and exported much. Until Britain joined the Eu, New Zealand enjoyed a preferential trading arrangement with it.   Abandoned by Britain, New Zealand has set its sights for exports more globally, and economically liberalised, becoming one of the most open economies in the world. Brexiteers within the United Kingdom hope leaving the European Union and emerging onto the world stage again will allow Britain to do the same.     
 	Get Rid Of This Cunt Now!   
  appreciates your efforts! :) 
 	If I ever total up the posts of the bots I have found - which includes the Twitter and Reddit scrapers along with the hundreds of fast and slow spambots - it will constitute a massive % of total content.   It also dominates trending because shill networks are upvoting it.   Oh, and those trends are also rigged by culling offensive material. 
 		How are you finding them all and why isn't  taking action against them? 
 			* search finds spammers. The Twitter mirrors have a moderated Group! I just copy them down.   I will do a spreadsheet soon, the botpost totals are going to be Yuge.   Unlike the human user base. 
 				That's too bad 
 						It's ironic that spam isn't allowed in the group dedicated to spamming 
 							These grifters have no self awareness whatsoever. 
 							These grifters have no self awareness whatsoever. 
 Racism today is viewed as seeing race as in issue in your surroundings.  So if someone calls me a racist they are automatically a racist too because they are making race as an issue?  I will say that the pejorative "racist" has lost it's effect because it is so overused. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Well, you are the fuckers that lit the match -  
 	He looks like the little yard jockey nigger you'd see in people's front yards in the 70's  
 	hmm brendan fucktard gaylor Muted fuck you ya fucktardian phd level moron dont like what your seeing do the gab and fucking mute it retard 
 The lefts latest tactics.  After realizing they have to separate Trump from his base they flood Gab with faggots like this Trying desperately to play "former" supporters who think they can act like no wall in 2 years = failure.  Fuck off you alt left faggot no one is fooled.  I'm damn happy with my Awesome President.  
  
 	Elizabeth Warren has negligible Native American roots. Not only is she white, she's really, really white, possessing less Native American blood than the average European-American. What an embarrassing joke this retard is. 
 Institutionalized sexual abuse? Yes, Melissa I'm sure Trump is setting up rape factories right now. As soon as Kavanaugh is on the bench I'm sure the Supreme Court will legalize rape. Wtf is wrong with her      
 	This dumb cunt is proving why there is a glass ceiling  Mist women can't be trusted with power  They lie  
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 							What does make a black person black? I know so called people of color who are told they arnt black because something to do with I don't even fucking know. Ben Carson is supposedly a black man, yet other supposed blacks say he's not black. What does it mean to be a white person? What does it mean to be a black person? Or any category of person? Definition of a white person? 
 												Lol. I know. I even scrolled past it at first but the whole "What is white" just ate at me like some retarded succubus.  What is white?  Wtf does that even mean?  White, motherfucker- it means white. 
  
 	Fuck you ! That's Juan dumb Nigger Boy. 
 	salty nigger doesn't get tip for bad service. Uses racism as revenge lol. 
 Rt :    A Philadelphia police advisory review after the arrest of two black men at a Starbucks found that "racism has a profound effect on what drives citizen and police contact." The police commissioner takes issue.  
 	the nigger plague never stops. never stops. 
 A Jew turned Xtian explains the Adl agenda; kikes trying to ruin superior western culture so (((they))) can run the show. Fuck the Adl, twitter & the little twat Dorsey.  
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	I’m Brianna Wu. I’m here to say stupid shit so I can copy posts of people insulting my retarded statements on to twitter and virtue signal what a victim I am. 
 [reads back of shirts]   Death it is, then. 
 		I’m sorry Rhodesia what were you saying Zimbabwe? 
 			It's hard to say something when you are busy starving to death. huehuehuehue. 
 		Hörru, crazy catlady  hur kan de inte se att det är de "vita" som byggt upp landet? Utan alla boer hade inte Sydafrika varit det som det är idag.  Vill väl egentligen inte göra skillnad men verkligheten och sanningen tar över. 
 		Negrer kanske är för allmänt efterblivna för att se det, hade de varit smarta så hade någonting ens i närheten av Wakanda varit något vi hade hittat I Afrika. The mest efterblivna är att många av negrerna har vandrat ner från delar norrut om Sydafrika, så de är inte ursprungligen från landet heller.  
 		Negrer kanske är för allmänt efterblivna för att se det, hade de varit smarta så hade någonting ens i närheten av Wakanda varit något vi hade hittat I Afrika. The mest efterblivna är att många av negrerna har vandrat ner från delar norrut om Sydafrika, så de är inte ursprungligen från landet heller.  
 	Crack kills. 
 		 is that it? Really. Right I'm off. You're no were near good good enough to troll me. You are boring. See you on the flip side motherfuckers  
 			Off you trot. I hear they're doing  Carlesbergs on sale at your local lidl.  Enjoy your night. 
 					It said it was off an hour ago. Seems something's gotten under its skin, and I'm not talking about parasites. Am I annoying you, skank? 
 							Pretty sure you're address is well known, just ask the police that came to your door, and pretty sure you're so irrelevant that no one gives a fuck where you are your obese daughter live. 
 								Post my address if you know it. Do it now. Lets not play games. 
 								or all the men in Sheffield.  biker skank she's called  
 	Shouldv just necked the cunt 
 What a load of simplistic shit . 
 	Finished goat shagging for the day I’ve stopped beating the wife she 12 now getting on a bit you know . Bye for now .  Sandy nigger . 
 Swedish Sjw Facing Jail After Blocking Deportation of Criminal Afghan   Fuck me ridged with a barge pole! I thought the Sweds were terminally cucked!    
 	Good! She must face the consequences of her actions!  
 		6 mnths at most they recon, still better than nothing for the dozy bint who saved a gang rapist, decorum dictates I shouldn't call her as I would like, she's a useless cunt! 
 Just rambling now.   Update: Her account is active, yea I trolling, but she deleted everything, except a post on her page that I posted to, what a retarded socialist. My post even has a link to here.Fucking crazy dog lady. 
 Old, but still funny.  Reminder that most liberals don't know shit about guns.  
 	Lol . 
 		Please tell me that's real. Lie to me if you have to. Reminds me of the orange foam earplugs that they thought were rubber bullets.  .'Can anyone confirm?'  Hilarious how the most mundane everyday tool accessories absolutely confuse them.  'Can anyone confirm.'  Jesus f'n Christ. How are they still alive and who changes their light bulbs?    
 			The average celebretard has an eighth grade education and even  that was learned on a sound stage somewhere while they were getting molested or molesting someone smaller. Really more retard than celebrity. Retardbrities.  
 Or,better yet, go back to the 3rd world shithole they came from, wetback 
 Thirty-three minutes on the phone to order two parts from Generac jeez.  That'll teach you to not put the part on your website. 
 	Indian Customer Service? 
 		Worse. A southern woman. 
 			What's wrong with Southern women? 
 				Oh, was that you? I had no idea.  (p.s. you need to lay off the cigarettes and work on your ebonics) 
 					You still didn't answer the question! 
 						Nothing, I figured it would get a few laughs. 
 							Faggot 
   Take Your House Nigger With You, After We Crush You All This November! Fascist! 
 Bending over backwards for Jews is pointless. They will always be opposed to the unity and success of white Europeans.    
 	Anyone noticed the influx of  ?  for example, has quite a large cache of  memes and comments. You guys should check out that hasbarats home page. 
 		Tourettes?  Bitch your faggot muslim loving ass responds to everything with Jewssssss  Hahaha  why was you late? Jews  why are you alone? Jews  why is your dick so little? Jews 
 Water Mellon Labe   #2nd     
 	what a stupid cunt 
  Nigger 
 	anything like this made buy a white person with role and image reversals would be attacked and the makers would face financial and economic destruction. The nigger vermin make this shit knowing they face no consequences. 
 "Jesse Lee - David Pakman you're a Jew" by   
 		John 8:44 - (((jews))) belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies. 
 		John 8:44 - (((jews))) belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies. 
 Make Museums Great Again    
 	What kind of shit is this?  Why isn’t that faggot arrested? 
 I won't touch a woman who sucks nigger dick 
  
 	even trump hating bastards bitch defo paedo hating bastards you syphillitic cunt Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die  or suicide yourself 
 Kyrsten Sinema compared illegal immigrants to Iraq War dead     
 	She's Retarded  
 I am not a Nazi, I do not support Nazis and I am very Pro-Israel. If any of this offends you Please Mute me and unfollow me. 
 		Every group has some fools but you just p[roved that didn't you? 
 		kikes believe they must cut off the foreskins, & in some instances suck at the bleeding penises, of their 8 day old boys otherwise their yhwh will not favour & protect them, kikery goes far beyond "foolishness", child abuse is the foundation of their belief system, why would you defend that? 
 When this story broke I suspected and sure enough here it is confirmed.        
 	Do they have a video of the nigger doing this? A confession? If so, he should be -horribly- executed without trial. Period. Justice in the White man's sense needn't apply to the negro when caught in flagrante delicto- 
 				Assumes he knows my Iq   Assumes he knows my race   Calls me a disgrace to good Americans while mocking a man for being a good father, spending quality time with his family, as he sits and scratches his hairy ass and bitches on the internet. 
 						Calls all women low Iq thots then proceeds to shame a mother for being married and having children and doing fun family activities.    Weak men are bad for America. 
 							Mother fuckers like that need a a beatin. 
 							Look lady, accept what's going on in the photo is obviously unsafe for these children. Think about your children's safety not how many likes you'll get for uploading such images to World Star, twitter, and gab. 
 							I said what I needed before you replied concerning the readily observable  situation depicted in the photo. You add nothing to the conversation.   It is you who is an embarrassment to every red-blooded American despite your projecting since I have done far more for the people of the United States of America. 
 None of us like this dyke but she once spoke the truth & what she feared would happen, has happened in many different forms. All of this has to be overturned    
 I bet the retarded Dems think I work for sponsors. I don't. I just really like Kauai's Bbq Inn, Hamura's Saimin, Hukilau Lanai, Gaylord's, Bubba Burgers and Brick Oven Pizza. Also Fairbank's Pita Place and Spice It Up are excellent!        
 I think you'll find in most private firms, if anyone starts being openly racist including blacks, they'll get the chop. Bad for moral and productivity. Many reasons you can find for sacking idiots ;) 
 	Is that why you are unemployable? 
 		I'm self emplyed and semi retired laddy. When I was recruiting for private firms I wouldn't deal with any of your lazy socialist sort. Smell 'em out a mile off lol 
 				Even your thick type on Twitter know I rent out 2 houses and a hotel. Been trying to find the addresses and my company details for 2 years they have. I'm a sole trader so my accounts aren't on Companies House, much to their annoyance lol 
 						And this is how it goes with this left wing twat folks. Round and round in circles. At least the National Socialists come up with funny arguments and insults. This one is like those reporty lefties we know on Twitter. He'd be reporting me constantly here if he wasn't told to fek off and grow up lol 
 							Why send messages in a way that indicates you are talking to others? Gab has almost no members if Twitter causes you such anger why spend your whole life there? 
 								Because I'm telling my 7000 lovely followers what a twat you are. It's my vocation. I enjoy it. There aren't many real Marxists on here so it's good to point you out . What I find really funny is the way you chum up with the National Socialists you are supposed to hate to call me rude names. Nazis and Marxists. Two sides of the same racist coin :) 
 									Only about 4 communicate with you lol. 7000 lol. You really are a sad and lonely old man 
 										I'm not sad and lonely enough to be stalking someone's timeline counting how many people they talk to am I. Not only that, getting it totally wrong as well ya dork lol 
 											You have more than four people you argue with regular basis never mind how many you just talk to.  
 												lol I know. Must have 30 NatSocs I have lovely chats with. Check his timeline out. It's a hoot. 90% of his posts are to me alone. Talk about lonely and obssessed :) 
 												lol I know. Must have 30 NatSocs I have lovely chats with. Check his timeline out. It's a hoot. 90% of his posts are to me alone. Talk about lonely and obssessed :) 
   - Since your mental illness prevents you from understanding how much of a cowardly chicken shit you are, I will sort this out for you. You Are Posting From An AnON RAnDOM Faggot Profile. If you were any kind of serious you would post your name and who you really are. You fucking gaping pussy. 
 		No one should defend Ricky Vaughn until they listen to this.       What is ironic is that they spend most of the show attacking the forum dwellers of Trs and the Daily Stormer as losers. And the people on those forums loved him for it! 
 			Come on, that's not fair. Noone who'd ever heard his voice would defend the man. 
 			I was skeptical of Rv way back just like Hunter was but I totally turned away from him right after C-Ville after the shit he said. Un-fucking-forgivable  Coach Finstock Absolutely crushed him during the "Optics Debate" when they were on a podcast together. It was glorious 
 				I forget what show it was; maybe Spectre's.but I just don't remember. I'm sure one of us on here knows.  
 				If you are on twatter; you can ask Coach himself, but I just don't remember. 
 				The earliest red flag for me was when Ricky posted that ethnonationalism is "feminine", whereas his based racist civnat model is "masculine".   I unfollowed him shortly after that. I had no idea just how much influence he had until I saw him being allowed to bully people on the Trs forum without repercussions.  
 			To hear him talk about white identity like it's a beast of burden. Something to train under a yoke. Inexscusable hebrewism. 
 Deported Illegal Alien Sentenced to 50 Years for Killing Beloved Football Coach, Father of Six    
 	Spic on Spic crime - no one fucking cares.  
      I'm confused. Can you please explain why always at Trump rallies, the people go wild clapping, whistling and calling out over mentions of Israel? What, are Americans taught in school to think they are big allies or something? 
 		Who the fuck do you think you are? You could be alluding to a number of things. Asking you to clarify doesn't make me a retard - but you responding like an utter dick makes you an imbecile with no manners. 
 I don't know enough to spin a conspiracy theory on this yet, but I gotta say, this is beginning to feel like election interference from an intelligence agency.   In the fourteen months since Charlottesville there hasn't really been a major violent incident from our side, right?   Then, <2 weeks before the midterms, we get the "Maga Bomber" who supposedly sent fake bombs to prominent Democrats, left Dna and fingerprints all over the things, and had a van covered in Trump shit, but only followed Democrats on Twitter.   Immediately after that, the "All Jews Must Die!" synagogue shooter, opens fire on a bunch of praying kikes without any specific provocation, then does battle with responding officers,using the Democrat's favorite firearm, the Ar-15. And of course, with absolutely no plans of escaping.   At this rate, we'll wake up Monday to news of an actual slave plantation kidnapping negroes and making them pick cotton manually, then throw it away, just for the joy of oppressing them.    By Wednesday they'll be parading some other patsy around, claiming he was building gas chambers in his basement, with wooden doors of course, in a poorly constructed plan to carry out the final solution.   By Friday we'll be hearing about a Tinder rapist who confesses to a hundred rapes in the name of "Thot Patrol". 
 	I was thinking the same.they didn't like us making fun of their silly bombs, so they upped the ante.   No one here has ever advocated this kind of action, but here this faggot is, and now they have fodder to dismantle hate speech online.  People have been hunting subverts. I think we missed one. 
 Paul Michael Watson     
 	.intersectionalism writ large.   For those who dont bore themselves with this level of detail, intersectionalism is the mother of most modern class warfare, it literally means the point where the various grievance boys and girls meet.   .now arent u glad u didnt ask?   .thought so.lol 
 		I’m a fan of Paul Joseph Watson and I found this video funny We can all say we’re part Latino black Asian What does it matter I’m proud of my white heritage but I could be 1/1024 Black as well Will the left accept me like they seem to want to accept Pocahontas? 
 			Race is really a mental construct. Mankind has been around long enough to have seriously intermixed. This is why the bargain basement nazis and Joooooooooooooooooooooo haters here are so comical. Most are dumber than Maxine Waters. 
 				>t. mixed breed orc nigger 
 "Muh guns from Indiana" is nothing more than a yet another way white shitlibs rationalize nigger criminality and a red herring that distracts from the real problem. 
 I just "muted forever" 6 Nazis. I have no regrets at doing so. If you are a Nazi feel free to let me know, I'd hate to miss you. 
 		Ha ha ha, yet another keyboard warrior. I'm Not shaking in my boots. 
 		It's interesting what happens when you run your avatar pic through Google images. I must say, you look an Awful lot like the image used to promote a Wild West Rodeo show in Montana. As a matter of fact, it's the exact same image! Gee.what a coincidence it's almost like your avatar And your profile are.Gasp.Fake As The Holocaust! 
 I've got a bad feeling about this one. Don't trust him Davey. 
 	Nigger trying to rape Davey's dog 
 Twitter Protects Farrakhan'S Right To Hate Speech Against Jews   Maybe We Should Get Claire Foy'S "Giant Penis Of America" To Bend Twitter Over And Make It Bleed To Death.   Jeez Now How To Get That Image Out Of Redneck Hulk'S Head 
 retard 
 Farid Bang, Capo, 6IX9INE, Sch "International Gangstas" (Wshh Exclusive - Official Music Video)    
 		You suck nigger dicks in prison. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 		Retard  and  want to be able to suppress free discussion of their shit ideas and mouldy bread pussy respectively, and that's the end of that. 
 		I dont love Saudi you twat, All I said was that I trust them over Turkey. Your stupid  ass ran with 'He loves the Saudis!' I would absolutely hate to know you irl man, you're a moron who cant comprehend shit 
 		Please, show me your evidence Saudi admitted 911 and apologised, which is why you now side with the murderers of your fellow Americans? Still waiting. 
 		Please, show me your evidence Saudi admitted 911 and apologised, which is why you now side with the murderers of your fellow Americans? Still waiting. 
 The owner of the limousine involved in a crash that killed 20 people in upstate New York over the weekend was a wire-wearing informant in two Fbi terrorism stings, Fox News has learned.   The government credited Shahed Hussain with rooting out radical Muslims at mosques in the New York cities of Newburgh and Albany while he was working as a well-paid Fbi snitch. 
 	Oh - so a sand nigger killed White people again? 
  
 	yep and Both Have Been Sucking The Federal Teets For Years. Just Nigger Scum To Me. 
 "This 'Caravan' is a Un-funded invasion of the United States. There are hundreds of thousands of illegal migrants who live in temporary camps that are preparing to follow this route to America. They are planning on flooding millions of more illegal migrants into America. This is an invasion of the United States."   ~ Alex Jones 
 		no, perhaps not but I did put a swazi on the ADLs hate map of Ohio. has Jones done that? has Jones organized rallies and brought out white awareness? no. has jones cleared out nigger gangs in Toledo and brought in Fbi and Dea units to Toledo to combat the niggers? No. How many whites has Jones recruited to our Cause? of course, explaining this to a left wing faggot like you is completely a waste of my time so just go back to your fucking closet, get in and eat a bullet you pathetic little cocksmoker!  Ps-use spell checker next time you illiterate cunt! 
 Italian mayor abandons international human rights laws, cuts electricity supply to refugee shelters "You are not welcome here"    
 	If we only had a President with those kind of balls. 
 		You must not live in America. My president has two giant beach ball sized patriot nuts.  
 			Lol no shit? Wow! Seriously? A billionaire business man smoozed with politicians? Omg this changed everything! Now tell me how he sold shit made in China!   Sarcasm level: 10  You're a fucking retard huh? Take your commie Hillary loving ass to Twitter faggot this is Trump country. 
  
 	what a retarded whore,you were never a slave or anybody you ever talked too 
 Why yes, It is necessary to show the sins of men when you are truthful.  It is also helpful to have sins for when you are discussing repentance and forgiveness.   That's what Jesus came for -- To redeem sinners.  If you want a license to sin, islam is for you! 
 	I'm not a nigger, why would I be speaking about Slavic nations and Slavic lands if I was. Maybe this concept is foreign to you, but we are all white. But even if I was a nigger - so what? 
 Mistake 
 	i bet the muzzie didnt care, probably did his work then moved on to his wife for round two without a thought 
 	i bet the muzzie didnt care, probably did his work then moved on to his wife for round two without a thought 
 Hey let's carve some pumpkins!   Ok, cool. let's burn one first. wait. I got an idea!         
 		^alternative pussy^ 
 		 
 		Omg, you uneducated, opinionated asshole. Hemp is sustainable, make clothes, biodegradable "plastic", etc. It also keeps me civil when talking to uneducated talking heads like you.  Great for pain, seizures. Go live inside your own, simpleton mind.  Enjoy your McDonald's gourmet dinner. 
 I think we have compromised too much; start repealing these unjust laws.    
 	Repel all gun laws as they are unconstitutional!  Deport all people who are opposed to the 2nd amendent!  Shove every Racist Retarded Democrat and Jew down the shithole where they belong! 
 	Niggers & Fags !   Fags & Niggers . Faggot ass Nigger ! 
 		Maybe there's time to get rid of the DemonRat Mk-Ultra Programming out of this one. 
 		Maybe there's time to get rid of the DemonRat Mk-Ultra Programming out of this one. 
 Perspective is everything. 
 	A cunt holding up 1 or 3 fingers is still a cunt so not sure where you are going with this. 
 	Lol. Of course it was, chuckles.   You seem to be in a very bad mood today! 
 		Go and ask!   You are scared of the truth!   Totally fucking shot scared.   Page has been a twat for as long as I can remember and I like to puncture his silly party balloon!   He has no idea how he was so easily duped by that prick O’Brien. 
 Will the real plastic Nazi please stand up? 
 		Plastic Nazi 
 			Pretend white person 
 				Real plastic Nazi. 
 					Op  Hur dur dur, "you are what i said, because i said so ner ner!" 
 						Doesn't change the fact that you're a plastic Nazi. 
 							"Everyone is a plastic Nazi"  said the cunt communist from behind his plastic cunt mask 
 I thought I would order some gun control for my new rifle! 
 	Some retarded Nsa agent is thinking you're making bomb threats with this image 
 Muslim Cop Shoots Innocent Autistic Teen from his Vehicle in a Drive-By Shooting  
 		I would like to invite this commenter to spend some time in a locale that doesn’t have the quality of officers that the Usa does. No better lesson learned than the school of hard knocks.  
 				Referring To The Current News Cycle And You Are A German Where Only Coppers Have Guns Come On Over Cunt We Here In America All Have WeAPOnS Just For You All 
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	I felt obligated to share this with you. 
 		D. C.  Child, you have no idea what you are talking about, but let me give you some idea of what I'm talking about, if you ever call me a faggot again I'm going to make your life a living fucking hell, make your next words count because if I hear you call me a bitch again it's going to be bad for you 
 			Looks like you been talking to a grown ass man 
 			If you call me out on this you know what I'm going to do right?  
 			@D. C.  We all know, what you are going to do - you make screenshots and call the Splc or the Aclu to report "anti-semitic hate crimes". Go back to twitter, rats are not allowed on gab. 
 			@D. C.  We all know, what you are going to do - you make screenshots and call the Splc or the Aclu to report "anti-semitic hate crimes". Go back to twitter, rats are not allowed on gab. 
 Where did you find the vile despicable Racist Hateful Bigot Jews are Democrat Pigs! We try to keep all Retarded piece of shit Leftists and Jews because they are all morally degenerate sewage!  They all have a mother who made the Wrong Choice! 
 Police officers are under a lot of stress because they know that we are watching, if you call police officers thugs again I'm going to punch you right in the nose you little child 
 	Pigs are retarded morons, especially in 'Murica and the Uk, where they are already mongrelized. I mean, diversified! Wait when there are no more Whites in the forces, and negroes & moslem subhumans start enforcing Zog's "law". You'll change your mind soon enough! 
 Redneck Spouse Dispenser    
 	damn . that's gonna hurt after she sobers up . might have broken a rib 
 		Yeah a tow hitch in the ribs.she'll feel that later for sure 
 		Yeah a tow hitch in the ribs.she'll feel that later for sure 
 Tennessee  -  Another mixed race couple relationship ends badly. Witnesses say the negro beat the White mother of his children over the head with a rock or brick repeatedly in front of her house, then ran her over with a car several times.     
 	Toll Paid    Lolololol 
 		She got hers, and she brought every action of her nigger on herself. However, it obviously is not his place to discipline the cunt. Both of them should've gone to the gallows together, judged and condemned by a White magistrate for their crimes against humanity. Hence, the nigger still needs to hang. 
 Venezuelan people on the Colombian border. 
 		Western Christians created the modern world while you third world retards are still living in straw huts. You are the ones invading the west for a better life, not the other way around. 
 	 
 	 
 		The methodist "churches" will have drag queen pastors soon if they dont already. 
 		The methodist "churches" will have drag queen pastors soon if they dont already. 
 Narcissism, delusions of grandeur, and ego are an amazing thing.   Memo to Obama: You didn't build Shit!   Obama claims more credit for Trump boom, claiming it was because he raised taxes.   Obama's a Fool!    
 		Exactly! Fortunately, most rational thinking Americans can see through Obama's bullshit!  
 		Exactly! Fortunately, most rational thinking Americans can see through Obama's bullshit!  
  
 	Nigger ,that’s what they do 
 I'd like to congratulate President Obama on this groundbreaking trade deal with Canada and Mexico, it truly is amazing what you've accomplished these last 2 Years, sir.   Keep up the great work !  . Lmao             
 	ovomit. that worthless nigger should have never seen the inside of the white house 
 I can hardly wait to see this ginger nigger. It will be one ugly nigger baby. 
 This is absolutely explosive!     Monica McLean - one of Ford's "Beach Friends?" Or one of her her Fbi handlers?    The more I look into Ford, the worse I feel for her. Clearly just a pawn in all this.             
 	She’s no pawn She’s 3rd generation Cia she’s a cia recruiter She’s a scheming never trumper  She’s an apparent perjurer too 
 		Exactly.Fuck Feeling Sorry For The Lying Bint 
 Then you belong in Twitter, the place that banned me for calling myself a spic faggot. 
 Remember that time a "Trump supporting, white supremacist" wrote "go home n******" on an Air Force Academy dorm message board?    
 	You shouldn't type n******.   Some nigger somewhere is going to get offended by it 
 Welcome to San Francisco. This is Folsom Street yesterday (9/30/18). This is the California Senators Feinstein and Harris are working so hard to protect. 
 	Doing it right next to an old nigger bum who is trying to sleep off a night of drinking a gallon of  Colt 45. Have you no shame, butt pirates? 
 	Believe survivors! lol 
 	Wake up people  
 	Wake up people  
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	Stevie Wonder's son is dancing with a stunning White, blue-eyed blonde girl. He is darker than my shit.    Oh shit, they made her kiss his Nigger face. This blatant display of racism is making me ill.    How the hell can Stevie Wonder have a son young enough to dance with a 12 year old girl? He must be 90 years old.   Ah yes, the dip of 'submission' for the Nigger by the girl. 
 Cnn anchor Don Lemon says Kanye West's mother "is rolling over in her grave"    
 	Don Lemon is a Faggot 
 Good night,     It's been a rough day.    Tomorrow we can pick up the pieces and keep moving forward. 
 	faggot 
 First MundaneMatt, now Mombot - glad to see that some of the very worst people that got popular due to GamerGate are now being exposed and hopefully losing everything - good job Metokur, Ralph and Especially Zidan (whose interrogations keep breaking people down). 
 	What is Mombot accused of doing?  
 		It's more than just accusations - Ian Miles Cheong has already showed Ralph, Metokur and others the DMs where Mombot gave him WildGoose's dox and told Imc to write a hit piece against Goose, even get in touch with his family to drive him off the internet. 
 			But. What I do know . . is that . .  Mombot has a history of very violent (verbal) behavior. I read some old tweets . . she (?) appears to enjoy doxing and being mean to men. She appears to target vulnerable men, and then attack these men to feel better about herself. 
 				Keep in mind, tons of people suspect that Mombot is actually yet another man pretending to be a woman online.   If Mombot is a woman, she'd be a very nasty, misandrist type, and the kind that absolutely hates any man not putting up with female Bullshit. I learned pretty early during GamerGate that Mombot Really hates Roosh for example. 
 					I'd bet that mombot was a faggot who couldn't get any coochie and as a result decided to become the Gf (Larp as Jap housewife on Twitter). 
 Kav Protester 
 		Cunt 
 		Who was a drunk? Trump is the greatest threat to America in history. Shitstain traitor fascist retard trump. Followed by Fucking Morons.  
 A bit of revisionist history from Travis LeBlanc.   What anyone on the Trs forums knows is that it was open season in Richard Spencer there. And it was most certainly encouraged by the owners of Trs. If you criticized an owner of Trs, (((Weev))), Andrew Anglin, or Ricky Vaughn, you got banned. If you criticized a number of movement people that were on the 'purge list' like Richard Spencer, no problem whatsoever. The only thing that interrupted this process was Paul Nehlen's doxing of Ricky Vaughn.   As for the Daily Stormer "pushing out toxic elements from the movement", there is no more toxic element in the movement than (((Weev))). Greg Johnson says he agrees with LeBlanc on this, which is an outrage.      
 	One of the pillars that made Spencer a leader was being able to throw upscale conferences that could bring people together.  Mike’s hieling at Npi cut this off for him and played a huge part in Spencer’s decline in leadership. 
 		When Daily Stormer was promoting white identity, albeit a retarded version, it had no access to the real world.  When Spencer and others made white identity a real world position/movement that would attract high quality whites they imploded it with endless infighting and stunts.  They then redirected the energy into the gop where it would become nullified. 
 		You are a joke mate. Go play canon with your boys, shoo. 
 					Context confuses the shit out of you doesn't it? Dude you're just dumb aren't you. Fucking Read the Op you lazy moron.  
 						Hahahahah. No its more comfortable at home no, vanir fanboy. Just stick to what you know, hmm little hooligan wannabe. 
 								Ah I see where you got the island now. I'll get back to you, mister. Some of us actually work. 
 																		Thats it? Books says so? What part about roman canon hooligan did you miss. I'm disappointed , truly am. Stick to Nsdap trivia and memorable quotes. I'll promise not to call your chaos lord worshipping ass that belongs to some creator entity "friend". Ok. 
  setup?    Stay frosty. 
 	Keep an eye on Chicago. First responders are being told to be ready for large scale protests in response to the Van dyke trial verdict. Cfd stations are officially on lock down.  
 		Van dyke trial? got to look that up.What is it a trial about? 
 		Van dyke trial? got to look that up.What is it a trial about? 
 Limbaugh is touting the greatness of John James.   "You'd be proud to have him as a son-in-law"   Boomer radio at its best.    
 	Just because he's the best of the lot up there doesn't mean that I want him to come over and fuck my daughter.  A Nigger is a Nigger.  Some are just more Nigger than others. :^) 
 There are morons and some are shills, just ignore it. And personally, I am not dying for a communist faggot white liberal, but I do think white lives need to be humanized and the best of us need to be saved at all costs.  
 Utah coal burner killed by her sex offender nigger boyfriend, shot as she spoke with her mother on the phone. No need to collect, toll paid in full. 
 Jeff Flake is such a faggot 
 Lets not forget our less fortunate "special" friends on the left. 
 	Retarded Monkey muslim Evil Criminal Living In Darkness 
 Rt :    Teen Vogue is owned by Condé Nast, which in turn is owned by Advance Publications, a privately owned company with 12,000 employees and revenue of $2.4 billion in 2016.  
 	You look like such a weaselly little faggot 
 Half Of All Children In Usa Are Now Born To                 + #CostOfLiving              never changes    benefits 
 	intentional moral decay of American Society . . Hollyweird is the largest influence to many people don't want boundaries . . life is easy when everything is a free-for-all only way to steer this ship back on course . . shame those who infect our society I will call a faggot . . a faggot . . a perversion . . they should be shamed . . period ! 
 Now remember you little negro bitch I haven't seen or said shit to you in 9 Months You'Re the little Nigger Mf'er that decided to start shit with me again 
 this nasty old thug cunt needs her clock cleaned in the worst way 
  
 	It says you're a retard idiot for making Americans read this stupid shit!  
 Breaking: Not Since 's Murder has a Case Been Solved so Fast!      Well Done .#Well Done !    --------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                       @1776Ninja             
 	I Heard The Jews Killed Him! 
 		Jew arab nigger all the same thing. 
 Look, there's exactly one way we're going to fix white women, and it sure as shit isn't respecting them or cherishing them.   The one and only way we can ever get women under control again, is to collectively grow a pair and literally and unironically kill each and every woman who has fucked a non-white, cheated on her husband or boyfriend, is a dyke or feminist, or who is or has ever been a single mother.   I'd suggest eradicating each and every one that has ever had sex outside of marriage, but that would leave us with a bunch of eight year olds, and marrying those is frowned upon. 
  
 	Nothing more nauseating than a loudmouth faggot male stewardess. 
 Alec Baldwin calls for ‘overthrow’ of Trump at Dem fundraiser in New Hampshire    
 	But of course what else would a pedo faggot say? 
 	 
 	Bwahahahahahahhahaahahahhaahaa. 
 		Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  
 	Not Interested in Getting Gainful Employment Really N.I.G.G.E.R. 
 The Npc meme contest has been a resounding success! After receiving hundreds of submissions, we picked what we felt were the best memes that reflected Infowars’ mission of truth-telling.    
 	Who's the annoying faggot on your show right now? Also, original content included. 
 Lol  No matter  Your filthy old cunt Hillary will never be president. Everyday I wake up smiling! 
 An example of how retarded the Loli Ban is:   These two girls are from the same video game (Tales of the Abyss), and yes, they're both the same age.   Only uh-oh, it turns out that their age is 16, so do you now ban lewds of the well-developed Tear along with hentai of Fake Loli Arietta? And 16 is an especially messy age, because that's actually legal in many Us states. 
 		To the contrary, to restore civility to our political process and to restore faith in our institutions, i  truly believe this specific issue deserves an expedited judicial review. 
 		Ya pretty much its turned into a virture signalling horseshit storm. 
 		"Whoa Whoa Whoa Grandpy Lamps. Are You Saying That There'S More Important Shit To Worry About Than Animu Weeb Shit On The Internetz? Pedo Defender Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" - sperg 
 	Well 18 is the lowest age for real porn regardless of state AoC.  
 	Well 18 is the lowest age for real porn regardless of state AoC.  
 	You have mental problems. Seek help. 
 		Oh believe me,this lad is some muzzie Pos goat humping pedo. Some people arr stupid but this guu takes the cake mate. Loathing aroung in it's skinny jeans and masks looking for drugs and pockets to pick like a fkn paki monkey. Gooday Sam 
 This is one of those moments where attempting to use humor to put something in proper perspective, feels like poking fun at the retarded kid on the block.    
 Well, nobody ever said it took that many brain cells to chase a basketball up & down the court.    
 		gaspies! someone fworgot to take thweir angwy pillz x333 
 		gaspies! someone fworgot to take thweir angwy pillz x333 
 Democrats are the      
 	Niggers. even dumber than they look. and this nigger looks like a moron 
 Says the little Muslim Sand Nigger  
 Where is Trump? Fine tuning a shiny new tweet? Did Ivanka cry and now we have to let them go?  Where is Sessions?    "You'll start to see this all across the southern border soon," a senior Dhs official told Nbc News.     
 	I guess you live in a would where you control everything and everyone does exactly what you say.  But that isn't realistic.  I've dealt with a similar situation that our president is in, leading an organization which includes people who undermine the leadership.  It's not easy, and in fact it sucks.  And the Presidency is not a goddamn Dictatorship.  So cut the guy some slack because he's done a hell of a lot in the last two years against a fuck-ton of opposition.   
 		hell he cant even get fbi staffers indicted when they are caught red handed  we're being strung along and kept busy by tranny faggot kavanaugh news stories conned 
 useless cunt 
 Of course it is, little protected nigger fag. 
 Unbelievable that this Nigger did this in public   
                      
 		 
 		 
 You get no cock meat sandwich from me. Silly faggot 
 Can I be non white and be in this group? 
 	shut up luis 
 		well you're a retard  
 ugliest human on the planet award.there is a dog in the dog shows that has a distended tongue like this. I always want to chuck it's little chin.  
 	why would you want to hurt a little doggo? are you a nigger or something?    
 	lol 0.1%? white supremacy fail 
 		Not as bad as 100% faggot you fucking queer! Get gassed! 
 If it's fake they took trouble to cast appropriate 'actors'. They look exactly like most commie retard 'wimmin' even from the back.  
 She thinks she’s relevant enough to be recognized in public.   Imagine being this egotistical over simply not being shot. 
 	El Atrocidad fears someone with gun stickers will recognize it, and run it off the road.   Broooohahahaaaaaaa 
 		Fuck You Emma Gonzalez! Cunt 
 by next week they’ll be staging a Klan cross lighting at a nigger chilluns hospital in detroit  
   
 	There’s a cure for this- be an adult and  move the fuck out. 
 		Dumb cunt 
 Did anyone see this total Bs 
 	You can take the nigger out of Africa but you can never take the Africa out of a nigger 
 Reason #678456 to be a fit fighter: If a nigger finds out your wife is pregnant, he will try to defile her with his foul seed, and you will need to be able to eviscerate him in response. 
 And The  Continues: Suspicious package at address of Robert De Niro’s restaurant being investigated by Nypd   
 	 Shame . he's Retarded  
 Andrew Torba @a       Sure youve got greater priorities at the moment and good luck with everything but this popped up on my news feed and i thought you may be interested cause its about gab. 
 	Also i will say my prayers and thoughts are with the  familys and friends at this time following this horror, also with the Jewish community as a whole. 
 		Yes o fill sorry for those normal people just going there own way to pray till some mental cunt went there no matter if he was on gab Facebook and Twitter it don't mean this site made him kill them has I say he mental and need to be given the death penalty  
  
 		 
 			That's when they Say he was born. Then again his name isn't Zuckerberg either 
 				Sorry He was assembled in 1984  
 		True.  And I have unicorns for sale. 
 			Which part? The world connected etc or the election tampering? 
 			Which part? The world connected etc or the election tampering? 
 You spelled that wrong. You decided to gay? What a faggot  
 Cunt 
 Dark mode on here is pretty slick! They also have a feature to post directly to Twitter as well. Ez transition. 
 	pretty cool, how’d you come across this? (this is Farren btw) 
 		Down the grapevine from Kabier. It's retarded to be fearful of posting a meme just because the Twitter suaves may be offended. I'll post what I damn well please. 
 		Down the grapevine from Kabier. It's retarded to be fearful of posting a meme just because the Twitter suaves may be offended. I'll post what I damn well please. 
 Did President  get "Horseface" from this Meme posted 4 days ago (before his tweet.) 
 	 
 			Class beats Sass 
 			A man, and I use that term loosely, who still lives in his mother's and father's basement.  
 			lol 
 			Here Ya Go ! 
 			Here Ya Go ! 
 Anybody know where I can get one of these goat trees? And will they survive New England weather?   If not, I may be willing to relocate .   I really want a goat tree! 
 		Don’t eat the fruit,  cunt trees are poisonous  
 	  - Yeah you're right. Whenever I look up and see a faggot forced to sit on a window sill, within 30 seconds he turns into pixie dust and blows away. And that's called "fag bashing" as soon as another homo hears about it- one of them disappears, and suddenly it's all our fault. 
 	Good point. This is where all racists congregate. 
 	Good point. This is where all racists congregate. 
 	In the bible, God calls them Canaanites which is a Heathen Santanic race that God Despises! They R descended from satanic race mixing Fornicator Esau!  As it is written, Jacob Have I Loved (God's white Adamic race), but Esau Have I Hated (Jews & All other mixed races). Romans 9:13 
 Science these days! They can do anything and everything it seems! They've even used human sperm to fertilize the eggs in a full grown sow! Just wow. To think, a human/piggy hybrid in my lifetime!    
 		Artificial insemination.heh 
 		Artificial insemination.heh 
 Cesar Sayoc is nonwhite (Flip or featherhead).  Many arrests.  Probably a faggot since he sponsors male strip shows & has arrest for prostitution.  Check out Heavy article. 
 She wanted sex. He didn't. She took knife to his face, cops say.  
 	Well, look at her! Nobody but a nigger would fuck a white woman that ugly and think he was getting away with anything. 
 well this Cunt Fits Right In With The Rest Of Those Communist Lawless Demorat Thieves And  Traitors.  
 So is there some sort of rule that no actual white Americans can be Un ambassador? 
 	The Left won't even accept the application of a white faggot anymore.   Haley's "resignation" was Phase 1, Step 1 of Trump's U.N. Condo-Conversion Plan for 2019. 
 Something Very Fishy Is Going On Here Folks    
 	Who in the fake war or some thing that biggest full bollocks of all time go away cunt you are not new company you a actor loony cunt on drugs not the good one one the shit like the Bbc in the uk 
 	Who in the fake war or some thing that biggest full bollocks of all time go away cunt you are not new company you a actor loony cunt on drugs not the good one one the shit like the Bbc in the uk 
 		LeBoon. No need to demean seals. 
 		LeBoon. No need to demean seals. 
 A Unc-A instructor is charged with a misdemeanor after accusations that she stole a political sign. English professor Amanda Wray and an unidentified woman grab the sign Friday, near the intersection of Leicester Highway and Mt. Carmel Road.   
 	story was written in the Asheville citizen which cannot be posted here.  The sign was said something along the lines of Drain The Swamp, Vote Republican which triggered the leftist Prof.  She and a dyke companion were seen taking it down and their license plate was noted. She fessed up when questioned by the police. 
 	story was written in the Asheville citizen which cannot be posted here.  The sign was said something along the lines of Drain The Swamp, Vote Republican which triggered the leftist Prof.  She and a dyke companion were seen taking it down and their license plate was noted. She fessed up when questioned by the police. 
 Lol just another useless cunt 
 "Please.peg me and let me help raise your children!"- Cb  
 	What are the chances that nigger is going to get violent with the woman and her kids at some point in the near future? I'd say they're pretty good.  
  
 	fuck this pussy faggot cunt of a wannabe man vincente fox  chinga tu madre puto joto 
 Simon Lindberg joins  on The Public Space for an extensive interview on the politics and goals of the     
 	Why have you not addressed your connections to the Russian Imperialist Movement?  
 		I guess going on the retard kidnapper and porn freak, Jf's show was more pressing than answering tough questions.  
 	Awesome.  I hope she presses charges and sues the asshole. 
 	Needs to be arrested and charged with assault, and if trained in martial arts (which seems likely), enhanced charges related to that abuse. 
 		Unless laws in Canada are tougher than they are in the Us, this guy needs the crap beat out of him!  He needs to feel her pain. That seems to be the only way these "animals" learn a lesson. 
 	I hope someone teaches him a very painful lesson! 
 		I'm sure somebody already has. He is rumored to be a stand-up guy, because it hurts when he sits down. 
 		I'm sure somebody already has. He is rumored to be a stand-up guy, because it hurts when he sits down. 
 Patricia Hewitt called for age of consent to be lowered to ten  Former Labour cabinet minister apologises for links to paedophile group in 1970s and admits she 'got it wrong'   Former Labour cabinet minister Patricia Hewitt Photo: Paul Grover   8:39AM Gmt 28 Feb 2014   Patricia Hewitt was forced to apologise after it was revealed that she had called for the age of sexual consent to be lowered to ten.   The document published in the former Labour cabinet minister’s name also called for incest to be legalised.   A National Council for Civil Liberties (Nccl) press release quoted in The Sun issued in Miss Hewitt’s sole name in Mach 1976 read: Nccl proposes that the age of consent should be lowered to 14, with special provision for situations where the partners are close in age or where the consent of a child over ten can be proved.   The document, which relates to an Nccl report on sexual law reformed continues: "The report argues that the crime of incest should be abolished.   In our view, no benefit accrues to anyone by making incest a crime when committed between mutually consenting persons over the age of consent.   Miss Hewitt, who was general secretary of the Nccl from 1974 to 1983 said: "I take responsibility for the mistakes we made. I got it wrong on Pie and I apologise for having done so.   Miss Hewitt finally broke her silence and apologised for her role in the scandal after The Telegraph asked her to explain why the Nccl of which she was general secretary had pledged its protection and support for prominent paedophile group the Paedophile Information Exchange (Pie).   Miss Hewitt said she had been out of the country for the past 12 days as the scandal over the links has been growing and apologised for her association with the group.   She said: Nccl in the 1970s, along with many others, was naïve and wrong to accept Pie's claim to be a ‘campaigning and counselling organisation that ‘does not promote unlawful acts’.   "I should have urged the council to take strong measures to protect Nccl’s integrity from the activities of Pie members and sympathisers and I deeply regret not having done so."   Miss Hewitt later became press secretary to Labour leader Neil Kinnock. She was an Mp for 13 years to 2010 and served as a Health Secretary in the last Labour government.   Her admissions place further pressure on Harriet Harman, the deputy Labour Leader who served as legal officer for the Nccl from 1976 to offer a full apology for her own links to the paedophile organisation.   Miss Hewitt’s frank admission that got it wrong contrasts sharply with Miss Harman’s insistence that she has nothing to apologise for.   Miss Harman has insisted that Pie was confronted by Nccl in 1976 and pushed them to the margins.   However pressure was building on her to offer a full apology over links. Rob Wilson, the Tory Mp for Reading East, said: It is right and welcome that Patricia Hewitt has apologised.   It makes it hard to see why others involved would not wish to do the same.    
 		Politics is rife with it, you will of seen the Labour 25 site I imagine naming over 60 convicted peadophiles that are currently serving as councellors and Mp's and look at Harriet Harmans own words on the issue.   
 				Yes well Harriet Harman was part of the pedophile information exchange pretty much like every other labour cunt 
 Liberals destroy everything they touch.    The Nfl,   schools,   the economy,   bathrooms,   media and news,   foreign affairs,   gender,   textbooks,   immigration,   Halloween,   Christmas,   Am. History,   Respect for Military and Police   sports,    Heathcare,   the economy,   boy scouts,   They're like a forest fire.  They destroy everything 
 	Jews invented liberalism 
 		you really are retarded and think that I am some retard like you fuck off you lying cunt kike.#ExposeTheNose and go hang yourself if you won't sooner than later We Will Cunt  
 I still want to collect my scalps, but I'm going to be patient about it.   I love seeing how they're all cutting at each other's throats and I'd rather not see us waste our resources when they're doing the hard work already.   I grew up into a redneck family and not a bit ashamed of it either. 
 yeah, but you're a fucking soft commie cunt and no white woman with any self respect would want you, hence your present position of solitude and abstinence.  
 Obama: I used illegal drugs in my teens and I got into fights  Media butt kissers: We love you Barack, we have thrills up our legs  Kavanaugh: I drank in my teens and college  Same Media loons: You’re a serial sex abuser, gang rapist, and a helpless drunk with a bad temperament. 
 		Did anybody ever tell Obama that frotting isn't considered a fighting? 
 			Obviously nobody ever told him a penis doesn’t belong in his ass either  
 		speaking of which.anyone seen their dog ,lately? 
 		speaking of which.anyone seen their dog ,lately? 
 This is the left     
 	what a cunt 
 The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. is a quote by Martin Luther King, Jr, & cited often by Barack Obama. King, a Christian, a Republican, & an American knew that long arcs are not always where they seem to be; Democrats had better know this too. 
 		Get fucked up the ass . There be no compromise with Nigger Loving Feminists. Fuck You and the Horse that rode you in. 
 			one day you'll have to explain Portia de Rossi 
 				she really is the glaring exception. 
 					Is  really that difficult for people?   Anyway, I used to see beautiful lesbians in Greenwich Village. They were always with the grizzliest dykes you ever laid eyes on. A man hurt them at some point, so they went with a manly girl. Go figure. 
 Got a tattoo of my power mantra. 
 	How do you even do that ? Live the cunt ? What does that mean ? 
 Weak cunt 
 Yes, men are Obviously responsible for womens crimes.  Comments like yours are exactly why I have made it lawful for men to rape and kill women in Australia and Ireland.  
 	You're retarded mate. Women are a reflection of the men in their life.  
 In 2010 Quilliam in Britain provided a secret document for the incoming "conservative" government. The document said that virtually every Islamic organisation in Britain wanted an Islamic State. The document was leaked, but you'll struggle to find much discussion of it on the internet.   By 2014 the actions taken by Obama, Cameron and Sarkozy led to the creation of the Islamic State.      Is this news to you? 
 	I saw a film of Cameron at a muslim do where he said he wanted to see a muslim Uk pm in his life time.  
 		fuck Cameron. he's a faggot 
 	And deport the screaming faggot with him. 
 But why?    This is a bet you should win with 100% certainty. After all, you claim to be Q.     If that were true, you know you'd be right, and have no problem agreeing to this, because there would be no possible way you could lose.    Amazing how you won't put your money where your mouth is. Despite months of bombast, when it comes down to it, you chicken out.    And don't worry, Microchip, traitorous subversives will get rounded up, too. You working with embedded Mossad agents certainly qualifies.     Do you think they'll go light on your sentencing, though, considering your mental handicaps? 
 	 stop being a fuckin pussy and bet nigger  
 Are you a retard Galt or a German bum bandit.  
 Mattress Girl is the perfect symbol for the  Movement.   - she was found to have fabricated the whole thing   - she made a porno reenacting her so-called rape   - the man she accused received an official apology from the University and won a settlement   - none of this matters, Feminists still pretend it was real even though it was categorically proven false 
 	I doubt if this dyke would have any trouble being raped! Wtf is it, a tranny? 
 And now he says he feels like a man with no country.    Betrayed every voter that voted for him, betrayed Kavanaugh, betrayed the Constitution. 
 	I think he meant, he feels like a man with no cunt tree to hang himself on, 
 Not surprising that this wretched hag would jump on the violence bandwagon driven by Democrats these days. I guess they want civil war. That would be a terrible thing and surely would not end well for them.     
 	this is what you look like when you suck too much sand nigger cock. vile human waste 
 Andrew @a, in the light of the recent loli ban (which I am all for and you're a hero)  I Implore you to add "humourless autism" option to why you're reporting a post.   After 3 strikes an account gets suspended for a month as a warning.   After 10 such warnings you get banned and you must go back to Twitter as a punishment.   I believe that bantz and lolz Can be learned! 
 	Lolz and Bantz is mainly genetic. 
 		Vous etes un faggot francais, Monsieur. Lol 
 Dont listen to this Chud.wtf. Many of us here are on Voat, and /pol/ so this faggot fucktard is a lazy, stupid shit tier troll. Don't feed the trolls. Mute them. 
 Sickening: African , who raped  girl and ruined her life, is allowed to stay in   
 	Bang! now I have enough bullets for 5 more goathumpers. bring them on. shooting nigger muzzies is my favorite thing 
 .@SebGorka: "The left has a plan to destroy all the institutions we love."   
 	They did it already, everything is infected and ruined by commies, that's Ok, it makes it easy to I'D, go to the top you will find retarded communist . Look at fox news full of retard commies. 
 	Oh, is that crying? LOLzy ;)  
 		Still with the LOLzy? You can't be an adult. 
 			All night long, honey ;)  
 				Have fun, monkey. Lmfao 
 						Keep dancing monkey. 
 							Don't worry, I will laugh as you have a great day at work tomorrow Lol 
 								Its funny how you think my world revolves around you. I could leave and you would still be spamming like the pathetic little monkey you are. Lol 
 									What's wrong, trans fag nazi? You quit? Your live revolves around me and you know it faggot :)  
 Barry Soetero, the butt humping faggot from Indonesia is a muzzie and a piece of shit half nigger whose daddy didn't love him and his mommy was a whore who didn't give a shit about him 
 so how many of you gabbers will be voting for Cunt Clinton in 2020? this delusional, delirious, traitor,communist, socialist, back stabbing, lying fucking dirtbag, thinks she can really win? i can't wait! 
 			Those are not the followers of christ, that is the old testament.which is commandments for jews. I asked for verses in which the Followers Of Christ (non-jews) be commanded to defend themselves. 
 				The Old Testament Is for Christians.   [Jesus speaking] "Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. For truly, I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the Law until all is accomplished. (Matt 5:17-18) 
 					So then, you cover your head like a jew, cause Leviticus 10:6 commands you to cover your head. Do you keep away from beef? as Leviticus 11:4 commands you not to eat anything that chews cud.What about fat? Leviticus 3:17. If the old testament is for christians then you need to obey all old testament laws too, according to jesus. 
 							It could rightly be said that Europe is Christian in origin.  
 												So stop supporting Ci concepts then You look like a retard 
 Slimy Snoop Dogg is an overseer on the Dem plantation    
 	doersn't that make him the house nigger ? 
 		when they were shocked i could speak their languages a bit, i said what you thought all of america were libtards? i go "haaa i voted for donald j trump, im one of the smart americans!" 
 		when they were shocked i could speak their languages a bit, i said what you thought all of america were libtards? i go "haaa i voted for donald j trump, im one of the smart americans!" 
 I am going to have to go through my Follower list first ting this morning I either lost about 10 followers because I called this Pos  what he is a ***Nigger ***  150% They have Papers on him,he's not a regular intelligent black person he's simply a Nigger just like that whining bitch Obama ,but anyways I'll be busy for awhile 
 	Is this nigger for real? 
 I told you that the republicans were literally fascist Nazis.   -Antifa Faggot 
 	We had a sense of brotherhood and every single man in the country had to do national service - which created a culture of nationalism and a bond between our people that partisan politics could never have destroyed as it has in recent years.   Divide and Conquire is clearly the rule of the day for the ruling "elite" 
 	We had a sense of brotherhood and every single man in the country had to do national service - which created a culture of nationalism and a bond between our people that partisan politics could never have destroyed as it has in recent years.   Divide and Conquire is clearly the rule of the day for the ruling "elite" 
 Under Labor, you’ll pay too much tax.          
 	Communist Cadres, Comrade Short arse, the Thug and a human garbage, cunt gets in and the nation will be fucked 
 Think about the massive, debilitating Disappointment your typical shitlib has suffered and will suffer more in the coming year if the senate holds   - no russia collusion  - trump packing scotus  - no impeachment  - trump taunting "the resistance"  - and finally, full funding for the wall   It's a wonder shitlibs can still function without hitting the bottle. 
 	God willing, they Will hit the bottle. Hope that multitudes of them drink themselves retarded and then drive into concrete embankments.  
 What I got - Sublime    "Well, life is too short, so love the one you got  'Cause you might get run over or you might get shot  Never start no static I just get it off my chest  Never had to battle with no bulletproof vest  Take a small example, take a tip from me  Take all of your money, give it all to charity"   
 	Well, the idiot liberal that the wrote song shot himself 
 		Bahahahaha pssssssssssst. dudes who can really do that shit dont say it, and they sure as Fuck arent on Gab at 7 in the morning. Little wannabe faggot bitch 
 Whatever you say nigger  
 		Try this group. Have helped me in the past, and others, and have a connection to the top: Alt-Tech: Alternative Technology    
 		Try this group. Have helped me in the past, and others, and have a connection to the top: Alt-Tech: Alternative Technology    
 	Black cunt 
       
 	Among friends she would have been labelled a 'stupid cunt Globalist" 
 	They hired a real Somali to play a Somali pirate and now that bulb-head shitter thinks he's an actor.lol 
 	Too bad that cunt did not step on land mine back in the day. We would have been spared from her bullshit! 
 Gab Management has been totally irresponsible in providing a forum for unabashed Nazis and antiSemites. There are limits to free speech, and a mute button is Not the answer. There’s nothing socially healthy about the free public exchange of blatant hate speech. 
 	Freedom Hating Faggot  
 White Chicago cop found guilty of murdering black teen.:   Van Dyke got scared. Now he's looking at 100 years. All over a hoodrat on Pcp with a knife. What a world we live in these days. 
 White Chicago cop found guilty of murdering black teen.:   Van Dyke got scared. Now he's looking at 100 years. All over a hoodrat on Pcp with a knife. What a world we live in these days. 
 I wonder if any of these 'witches' would pass the dunking test. An accused who sank was considered innocent, while floating indicated witchcraft. 
 		Demonrats iuse the Lenin Doctrine: Accuse others of what you yourself are doing! 
 		It is called projection and it is what they filthy Jews do!  Whatever a Jew accuseth, they are guilty!  That is how the Jew media works also.  The Jew doesn't actually know how to tell the truth!  
 Ca gets their wish, it's now a 3rd world shit hole   Downtown La is hit by an outbreak of flea-borne Typhus amid fears feral cats and rats are spreading the disease    
 	No mention of illegals and muzzie refugees spreading it with their filthy habits?  
 You're the only clueless cunt on here that couldn't figure out its ABCNEWS15 in Arizona to go to for the story cuntwad.  
 Any a-hole could have searched Dick Van Dyke death hoax before reposting the crap.    Two are still * maintaining the crap so the fire is not out.    One actually made a TinyURL for it, and another got suckered so now wants Others to get suckered just like they did, while preaching personal responsibility. 
 Any a-hole could have searched Dick Van Dyke death hoax before reposting the crap.    Two are still * maintaining the crap so the fire is not out.    One actually made a TinyURL for it, and another got suckered so now wants Others to get suckered just like they did, while preaching personal responsibility. 
 Noticed how the retarded Democrat tells you exactly what democrats are? They are the despicable ficking Racist Pigs!  Just like a satanic askeNAZI Jew Pigs! Nary the Truth ever leaves their lips! Never believe or teust a Jew Ever! Flush every Lefty! 
 this is gonna hurt the  commission check this month: $1.4M in Meth Seized 38 pounds   at Texas Border Checkpoint, K-9 agent alerted to the possible presence of drug or human cargo in the truck  
 	Vote In The Midterms! Get The Democrats And RInOS Out So We Can Get The Wall Built!  
 		The wall will never be built. 
 			The wall is currently under construction contrary to what the Lsm is saying:   
 				A token effort when you consider the enormity of the project. It will never be built. 
 									Uneducated rednecks?  While champagne Socialists with worthless degrees in Gender Studies throw around the term "rednecks " like it's something to be ashamed of.a redneck is a farmer or rancher. You know,  the people who actually grow the food you eat everyday and have real jobs and families to support.   My family were farmers and ranchers.  I graduated from a university with a degree in a field that is actually relevant and I can support myself.  I paid my own way through college by working.  I believe that the Wall will be finished.  I guess if you're an idiot with no logical arguments against this but, one liners and pathetic leftist memes I can understand why you don't.  
 										The left is like a feudal society. They are either super wealthy or the vast majority of losers who are their sycophants.  
 										I used to be a Democrat as were many of my colleagues.  I    during the 2016 election and most of my friends have since then.  No one sane wants to be associated with what the Democrats represent now.    Actually the Kavanaugh debacle was the last straw for the few remainer Democrat friends.  The Democrats apparently forgot that many of us have brothers,  sons, husbands and friends who are Male.    
 										I used to be a Democrat as were many of my colleagues.  I    during the 2016 election and most of my friends have since then.  No one sane wants to be associated with what the Democrats represent now.    Actually the Kavanaugh debacle was the last straw for the few remainer Democrat friends.  The Democrats apparently forgot that many of us have brothers,  sons, husbands and friends who are Male.    
 	wha about the juden who control the muzzie pets and saint zog 
 Democratic Socialist Ocasio-Cortez is a retard and if she is  their shining star.   
 Colin Powell Speaks Out: Trump Not Moral Leader.  
 	Ahhhh the murdering, neo con, nigger communist. Man these kikes (media) are desperate aren’t they ? Dragging out all the stops. Try as u might baby dick eaters, but u will be held accountable for the last 70yrs.  
 		the first laugh i ever had on the internet was 1996: seeing dick van dyke referred to as "penis van lesbian" :) 
 		the first laugh i ever had on the internet was 1996: seeing dick van dyke referred to as "penis van lesbian" :) 
 Peeing while doing a handstand? and I'm a retard ? 
 	Before then white men had Rights 
 	Before then white men had Rights 
 lol, looks like this shit-hole site is probably going to get shut down, maybe @a should have been a little less concerned with banning drawings and a little more concerned with banning violent extremists, terrorists, and fed-posters, but hey, that's just my opinion. 
 	>free speech site >one nutjob goes off >dipshit 'owner' just lets the Zog run Eff Bee Eye take everything and ruin our saturdays why are all 'christian conservatives' such suicidal cucks? 
 		I hoped I had made it clear from the very beginning of loligate that I think loli is extremely degenerate. I just think torba is a retarded fag with terrible priorities and I enjoy laughing at his fuck-ups. 
 Hello to everyone on Gab. I am new and this is my first post! 
 	Welcome to Gab! Just watch out for the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches posting tranny porn. If it happens just report and mute. Do not respond. 
 One could really liven up the election in their area by posting signs that read : Vote For The Nigger !  The left and their allies the lying media won't be able to resist screeching,sobbing and wringing their hands over it. It would make an otherwise dull day and dull election a whole lot more exciting.And admit it ,ruining their day brings such pleasure, true? 
 	i will see that you get your 6ft deep safe space.  with a cock shoved in every hole you have and even some new holes made in you.  
 	The more I hear the word Nazi the more it offends me. It’s National Socialist! 
 		Nazi Nazi Nazi 
 	Hey Ladies, do you smoke? Then Eddy is to blame, that's why they hired him back in the day, The beginning of Womens liberation, smoking proves you're free somehow! 
 	I keep telling people they need to read that book. 
 	Yeah, Hollywood has been dominated by Jews since its inception. Bernays is Jewish. Jews run Nickelodeon, Mtv, and Cnn. I could go on and on. But they're "Nazis." Just like the "New World Order" is being led by "Nazis" who were brought over via Paperclip, lmfao.  
 	No Qanon conspiracy is complete without "Nazis" being involved somehow.  
 		It fits in via their low intelligence  
 		It fits in via their low intelligence  
  
 	Come get me, nigger lovers. 
 Take a look at the retarded "mustfall" campaigns in South Africa to see the same retarded mess as you in the Usa.  The maddest was the hashtagged "sciencemustfall". 
 	I think Trump did that deliberately so the  had something to obsess over while he makes his next move against the Deep State. 
 		Just think of how shitlibs would have covered him pulling gum off his shoe.  
 		Just think of how shitlibs would have covered him pulling gum off his shoe.  
 No - kikes made that happen. No kikes, to UnWhite degenerates that kidnap nigger babies.  
  
 	she is a good Lady. but as far as Respect towards Booker, Naa He Is Just ANOTHeR Nigger Radical Who Himself Needs Put Down Like THe COMMUNIsT Pig He Is, Along With THe Rest Of That COMMUNIsT Demorat Mob. they are All Enemies And A Threat  Of We THe People, Our Republic, And President.  
 Alaska voters never forget this image when your time comes to primary out Murkowski 
 	Cunt 1 and Cunt 2 plotting and planning! 
 "That is not how America works. That is how some tin-pot dictatorship works, said Obama.  ~~~  How many millions have you spent with Perkins Coie to keep your records sealed you bloviating Pos?      Your presidency was made possible only by democrats dumbing down policies   purposefully designed to ruin generations of citizens and turning them into Tin-Pot voters.    Americans shouldn't even know who you are.    The last two years were spent undoing yours.  The next 6 years will be Magic Wand time.     
 	useless fucking nigger 
 Hahahaha! You got kicked out of your university for being a failure! Lol! What a retarded faggot! 
 if i had a been that student, id a Told That Cunt To Get Fked.  yeah i am and Always Have  Been A Rebel. 
 Far Left Senator Files Restraining Order Against McConnell To Stop Kavanaugh Vote (Another Democrat damn fool. I can assure you this guy was not first in his class! Where do Democrats find these fools? Disgusting!)    
 	faggot 
 How good would this be.   
 	Clairol Nice 'n Easy stock will take a plunge if Ruth retires. She is on life support already and if No-name McCain can work with half a brain I guess Ruth can. Lmao 
 		I love an ancient ,dried up , vengeful twat in black  
 Says a retarded psycho bitch that no sane man wants to make a baby with. 
 Lol Like your twatish views are to benefit whites you mean? Twats rarely benefit anyone they think they are benefiting, of any race. So just call him a twat like most other Jews would. Ok! :) 
  
 	I'd hardly call them pussies. Unlike the blubbering vaginas that make up the far right, Antifa is at least willing to get off their asses and go commit violent acts to push their agenda.   The far right can't be fucked to get off the internet even though they know full well violence is the only solution. They'd rather just make podcasts and shitpost.   If I could trade every faggot in the Alt-Right for half as many Antifa I'd do it in a heartbeat. We'd have an ethnostate by the time Trump gets defeated in 2020. 
 Former Atty General Loretta Lynch, of tarmac fame: voter Id laws "intimidate"; they "are designed to scare people away from the process.   Who needs to fear them but illegal voters, Loretta?   Is there any law you Do want enforced?    
 	That cunt needs to live up to her name and be lynched.  
 our peace-prize winning, scandal free, fundamental changer of America 
 	Barack Obama doesn't fight his own fights.  He's a limp wristed mom jean wearing Faggot with Secret Service protection. 
 What was your 'red pill' moment? Mine is posted below. 
 	When my sweet boy was injured by his last ever vaccine I researched for two years. In that research I found out just how dirty our government is. Then God sent us trump.  
 		Oh you stupid fucking cunt God did not send Trump you whore, he coned his way onto the White House.I bet your pussy is just as dirty. 
 Do not Forget When Phosphorus Apollo - Sun became the Statue of Liberty 
 	Or maybe after Roman statues of Hekate Megisti? 
 				The Alt Right is spreading that 
 					Right wings  are Christians and Christians  do not love the nation.   Because Left and right wings belong to the same bird.   They are not Nationalists. 
 						 Numbers 31:17-18 King James Version (Kjv) 17 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.  18 But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves. 
 							Karlheinz Deschner   The Criminal History of Christianity 
 								Yeah and you see Christians doing this all the time all over the world right you fucking retard  
 	We see here a women whose mother made the Wrong Choice! 
 		Democrats are morally degenerate human sewage.  That is a Fact but they are so brainwashed retarded that they do not understand FactS!  Euthanasia is the only cure!  They literally do not have functioning brains! 
 We are in the eye of the Storm    George Soros needs to be arrested, he's a National Security risk to the Us    
 	Not arrested, killed. His family members too. You think if he's in prison that the cunt won't make things worse?  
  
 		chill out Kenton, you know we have the left on Gab!  just mute them or out them.  Trump Is Not Desperate  About Anything. I know how yo feel. 
 			I am plenty chill, the guy posting those liberal headlines appears to be on the right, some folks need awakened to narratives. Every  liberal narrative based headline needs to be deconstructed. Some people on the right unwittingly help propagate false narratives. 
 				 
 			Trump isn't afraid of nothing and that's want we need, as a strong leader as President  
 		The left is more desperate then us.  Relax  ~  mute freely. 
 		 
 		 
 		 
    when is the tartan tranny cunt kranky going to fuck off and die 
 	The real question that needs to be asked, is are you pissed. You can say what you want about Nazis, but considering circumstances, then and now, you can see how it comes about ! Then you can ask were our Founding Fathers Nazis ! 
 		No, I Am not pissed.   The question is are you a Nazi. Wake Up!   .and No, the Usa founding fathers were not Nazi.   Also the Usa fought against the lousy Nazis and beat/defeated them.   Wake The Fuck Up! 
 			Oh shit Neo you took the God damned blue pill? 
 				good point zilla!         This is the Alternate version of the Matrix, where Neo took the Blue pill, went back to sleep, and just called all the people who took the red pill "Nazi" 
 					Freak, I Am not calling anyone a Nazi.   I asked if you are a Nazi in a poll and you have the Free Will to choose your own vote (if you are a Nazi or not)!   Wake The Fuck Up!   Are you stupid?             
 						You are using Nazi as a derogatory term.  you took the Blue Pill Neo. It is Ok, I am sure in the Alternate timeline of the Matrix, a different person was assigned the Player character position of "The One" and saved Zion in your place.  You can go back to sleep now Mr Bluepill    -1(Neo) 
 								"Low Iq losers!" lol, this is the Iq tests of the people executed from the Nuremberg trials 
 											Why does the Msm do fake news and fake polls! Lol!             
  
 	That's nigger rational. 
 A jury has convicted white Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke of second-degree murder in the 2014 shooting of black teenager Laquan McDonald  
 A jury has convicted white Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke of second-degree murder in the 2014 shooting of black teenager Laquan McDonald  
 Hello Gab world.   Another Facebook &Twitter refugee seeking liberty & chasing the "free to say whatever the fuck I want to say" dream.   Became disgusted with Facebook & closed my account earlier this year.   Original Twitter account permanently suspended for something ridiculous (see pictures)   Using new account to harass Twatter until they suspend it too. 
 	That's some homo, kike, honkie, zipper headed, wet backed, goat fucking, nigger shit, God I love Gab, I'll never be banned again. 
 Pensioner begs attacker ‘please, I’m too old’ as he’s violently thrown to ground  Read more:  
 	i would have killed that fucking nigger piece of shit right on the spot   
 Connect the dots 
 	"Fellow white people", it's a sad day for "us".  And on the other day, you'll get the nigger in the woodpile argument or the race is a social construct argument.  Well, then get rid of all govt cheese programs based on race. 
 Farid Bang, Capo, 6IX9INE, Sch "International Gangstas" (Wshh Exclusive - Official Music Video)    
 	Faggot 
  
 	Holy fuck, that chin! 
 		Power Cage. Sorry, I can’t be a fairy gay faggot like you are, because I’ve been married for almost 17 years. 
 Natalie Mayflower Sours Edwards (dang girl!) arrested for leaking to Buzzfeed. She worked for the Treasury Department and her Boss is implicated. Who is her boss?     
 	>Debacle\Emails\Asshat Lol! May this cunt be nailed down in court. Deus Vult! 
 No one cares.  The only thing is, a certain little soy sucking pole smoker is crying and snitching like the little cunt he is, so. 
 Daaamn! How Dare That Nigger get elected to the Supreme Court after having his character, Family, and Education destroyed by Democrats. His in-con-negro ass should have been on Welfare where the Democrats in 1950’s Georgia put him. Thank God, Republicans don’t hold a grudge. We love the Constitution of the United States of America.  
 When being a faggot doesnt get u enough attention. 
 Icymi, Christine Baley Ford's twat just washed ashore in South Carolina.   
 Police: Man on Balcony Kills Puppy with 'Sniper Rifle'    
 	Nigger genocide can't come soon enough.  
 Apparently Houston blacks are doing this now.    
 	Good until they come across a redneck with a bulldozer  
 A jewish blessing, a Satanic Curse    
 		Hey. She’s a Trump. Back off Anderson. 
 		Hey. She’s a Trump. Back off Anderson. 
 What a disgusting faggot   
 Thought for the day: They rage against Kavanaugh not because of abortion or because of any rulings he may make in the future. They hate Kavanaugh and his family for what they represent, normal white people. In other words, you. 
 	That's actually completely false.  They rage against him specifically because of what ruling he may make.  It's weird how you white supremacists always get it 100% wrong. 
 		It’s so obvious that whitey is hated Bud. U genuinely look like a faggot tryin to stuff the kitty back in the bag. Also u hv a nigger in ur avatar, might wanna duck.  
 Never trust a lawyer.  They are lower than whale shit.  Look here she has to come here and fill up your page with ads because she can't get clients.  Liberal faggot whore.  Go away!    
 	Yea, I had a Linda follow me, porn pics, blocked it. 
 	Just another shit poster trying to bring trouble to Gab. Post some trap porn and then report it to some org gab is being hosted from just to stir up shit. Haters gonna hate, but Karma is one nasty Bitch (yeah, the capital "B" is intentional). 
 	Just another shit poster trying to bring trouble to Gab. Post some trap porn and then report it to some org gab is being hosted from just to stir up shit. Haters gonna hate, but Karma is one nasty Bitch (yeah, the capital "B" is intentional). 
  
 	Get A Fucking Job Mother Fucking Diseased Nigger 
 jews and negers take pride in defiling white GOy shiksas. Jews detailing their lust for Goyish Shiksas and their exploits of them. Grandpa Munster Interview-1989  The One And Only Al Lewis From Midnight Blue In 1989 Wanted a Goyish Shiksa.   Marilyn Monroe: I’ll never have to suck another [Jewish] cunt again!   Hollywood Jews Repeatedly Tried to Rape Shirley Temple  This includes pedophilia, which is so rampant in Hollywood today it is considered An Open Secret that all child stars  including boys  are molested by these sickening Jews.  Beloved child star Shirley Temple is no exception (except thankfully she made it out relatively unharmed). She writes in her book Child Star: An Autobiography of multiple incidents in which Jews tried to rape or force sex on her.  When she was only 11 years old, her and her mother went to Mgm Studios to discuss the possibility of having Shirley star as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. Left alone with the Jewish producer, Arthur Freed, he immediately whipped his schlong out: At the same time, her mother was getting a similar treatment from Jewish Mgm Studios head Louis B. Mayer in the other room: Shirley Temple, fortunately enough, did not star in Wizard of Oz, and thus got away from these rotten kikes. Judy Garland, on the other hand, was not so lucky: she was reportedly abused and molested relentlessly by Mayer during filming, ruining her entire life.   Jews Love Turning Our Teens Into Shiksa Whores And this suits Zio-Hollywood. They want the goyim’s daughters to grow up to be shiksa. Shiksa is a Yiddish word meaning abomination, impure, or object of loathing. Among American Jews, it is an offensive term applied to a non-Jewish girl or woman. Zio-Hollywood saturates its productions with inticing images of drug and alcohol use because it sees Jews as being relatively less vulnerable to these images than Goyim. Orthodox Jews, which are the reproductive core of the Jewish tribe, shield their children from Zio-Hollywood, and non-Orthodox Jews tend to be wealthy enough to keep their kids busy with healthier extra-curricular activities and are less dependent on the television set as a babysitter. So it should be no wonder that Zio Hollywood is intentionally undermining the sexual morality aspect of what University of Massachusetts Professor Josh Lambert disparagingly refers to as America’s family-friendly culture. If young goyim get drawn into sex in their early and mid-teens, they will be less likely get into good colleges, where European Americans already face major discrimination. Combined with drug and alcohol use and saturated with an unhealthy and anti-intellectual mass media, the young shiksa are being put on a path of being a single mother perhaps to a single child where they will struggle to get by with low-paying, low-skill jobs. Meanwhile, Orthodox Jewish girls will stay at home and raise large families while non-Orthodox Jewish girls will tend towards more important and higher paying careers.   
 Any nigger that knocks up a white woman with her consent, both hang. If she is raped, the nigger hangs, just like the good old days before the jews pushed their degeneracy down the throats of gullible whites. 
 Says the Lying, Thieving, Gun Running, Racist, Anti-American, categorically Worst Attorney General In American History!    His "twin" Low-retta matched his lying, thieving,Racist, Anti-American, record! 
 	60's hippy  radical  
 		Nigger communist feels more natural  
 Nicolle Wallace’s Violent Fantasy Life: ‘Wring’ Sanders’ Neck, ‘Punch’ Trump’s Face    Send this rabid cunt into the heart of Syria so they c as n gang rape her    
 The devil can sit on a tack! Look at that warm expression of love and devotion.  What an example this whole family is to all of us. They have been through hell and yet, God preserved them. This wasn't just a victory for our nation today, this was a victory for  families everywhere.     
 	purple faggot tie. jfc. 
 the bantu's genocided how many other african ethnic groups?   The history of africa before the white man is one of famine, starvation, and genocide 
 	"The history of africa before the white man is one of famine, starvation, and genocide"  Exactly! That's why the nigger population was so small and manageable before the White colonists showed up.  But when Africa is under Chink colonial rule there won't be any more of that compassion bullshit.  
  
 	No matter where, the Us, Italy, South Africa.those same mocking grins from nigger killers of White people.it should be enough to convict them and earn the death penalty. 
 Breaking: Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker       Roflmao  You're Outed Faggot 
  
 	braindead comment by a faggot cocksucker 
 Joachim banning striker from the show is a retarded decision. They used to get into it a lot and I could tell Joachim would get pissed but that's what would make the show so entertaining. There's no point in watching anymore. He's probably going to notice a significant decrease in donations as a result 
 A dozen kids, so risk the life of a woman, cos your too retarded for a safer option, you dumb fuck 
 Former San Antonio mayor and  Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under Obama Julián Castro says he's "likely" to run for president in 2020    
 		Now, Now, be nice 
 		Now, Now, be nice 
 Official story: a zionist mason mass murdered some children who were protesting against Israel.   Anyone who tells you this guy is a hero needs to take a volcano bath. 
 	Somebody shoot this communist leftist male feminist, faggot already . 
 Rt :    This is Barack Obama's former Attorney General, the top law enforcement official in the country advocating for violence against Republicans:  Eric Holder Tells Crowd To Kick Republicans, Prompting Crowd To Cheer & Chant Fight     
 	This is a violent nigger who worked for another violent nigger  
 Nolte: Cnn’s Freak Show of Violence and Racism Hit 17 New Lows This Week  (Cnn should have no viewers at this point. This is the most unAmerican, leftists retard network on the air. There are no professionals at this network.They only hire circus clowns. If you want the truth, listen to Fox news Tucker Carlson, Sean hannity and a few others that come on in the evening)    
 		Here Ya go! 
 		Johnny Appleseed has a whole new meaning these dayz! 
 		Johnny Appleseed has a whole new meaning these dayz! 
 	if i was on twitter i woulda already been banned, cause even twitter gotta help that faggot try to look better than the far superior dre at all costs 
 Wtf? 
 	Dee Snider does it better. This is just a second rate knock-off. 
 		why isn't this twat in a special coat with long arms that tie at the back?/ 
 Commanding Marine General John Kelly,   Chinese Official   Had ‘Physical Altercation’ over Nuclear Football   Chinaman gave it back 
 Commanding Marine General John Kelly,   Chinese Official   Had ‘Physical Altercation’ over Nuclear Football   Chinaman gave it back 
 Racism rears its ugly head yet again! 
 	I checked. The majority of the girls are White blondes. The network recognises that beauty sells, and we are indeed the standard of racial beauty. Anything to get those ratings up. Now, who wants to bet the non-White races will be screaming 'muh racism!' If they do, they will admit to our racial superiority. 
 			Holy shit, if you only saw the way the Nigger just gaped at the little White girl with his rapist eyes. 
 	So you're okay with blowing away women and children live on television to make this point today?  I made it clear we should close the border.  No admittance.  If they storm our country, then I trust Trump to decide what to do.  If he gives the order to shoot, fire away my friend.  I'd do the same thing if I was there.  But if he doesn't give that order, you can count me out. 
 		95% of this invading army is fighting aged men.  If they shield themselves with their women and children, that's on them.  You didn't answer my question.  Would you vote democrat if a bunch of rednecks blew away an invading force while live on tv? Okay, count you out of the shooting part, but would you vote Kamala for President? The media is going to paint the worst picture imaginable regardless of what actually happens. Babies ripped from their mother's arms and Trump is a racist. You trying to cater to "live tv" only helps them and gets you no appeasement points, at all.   Let me also ask you, if the border was Israeli and these were Pals, would it be different? 
 			No I wouldn't vote for Democrats under any circumstances.  But I'm not the average weak minded voter that puts these pricks in office.  As for Israel, no comment, I don't know enough about that situation.  I'm more concerned with my own country at the moment.  And don't lay into me about the Jews, I don't know enough about that to put up a half ass argument. 
 						By this standard, shouldn't you be shooting the people that elected those people? They are only doing what they were elected to do. And aren't you concerned with the optics of rednecks murdering politicians? Will the media be more forgiving if a right winger blows Maxine Waters to hell?   Those people you don't have a problem with just gave Mexico the middle finger when offered asylum, there. Now, they will flood into the Us, by force if necessary, and demand you give them shit, but you don't have a problem with them for doing it? That is a politicians fault? You have serious hypocrisy issues, bud. 
 Niggers are just plain stupid. These ignorant coons, indoctrinated as they are into hating Whites,  were just looking for some White guy to beat or kill if they could. Don't ever help the "New" nigger with anything because it could lead to the death of you. 
 		ya hes gonna be something , end him  
 		They all need to die  
 			Hear hear 
 			Today pictures came from Honduras and Mehico of entire groups wearing newly screen printed shirts stating they are the South American Muslim coalition. They are actually organizing and motivating the Caravans.  
 			There will be lots of paki Muslims involved  
 			Lord Singh Qc has just decided Muslims and Jews should be buried before Christians. Instead of first come first served.   Sikhs need to sort him out  
 he Kavanaugh trial was all about Abortion and Women voters ! We don't want to offend the women voter ! The abortion thing is crazy ! We the fetus develops a heart beat it becomes a real live Baby ! Abortion stops the babies heart from beating ! This is as Crazy ! Taking your child's life, because you are to lazy to use birth control ! I pray you gave your child a name ! 
 		This Kavanaugh trial has many facets of pollical agenda's ! Resisting Trump is only one ! The Roe v Wade is another ! Then there is the women's vote ! Not to mention embarrassing the Republican party !    
 		This Kavanaugh trial has many facets of pollical agenda's ! Resisting Trump is only one ! The Roe v Wade is another ! Then there is the women's vote ! Not to mention embarrassing the Republican party !    
 Government protecting its own.   This wee gem was buried under a mountain of purile "wedding" stories!   You Brits really are getting stiffed over this rodent. No way will Hm Gov do a "Dr Kelly" on him!    
 		They managed to bump of Dr Kelly no problem, but he was Not part of the plan - this scumbag is unfortunately, so he'll be well protected. much better than anyone else in fact! 
 		They managed to bump of Dr Kelly no problem, but he was Not part of the plan - this scumbag is unfortunately, so he'll be well protected. much better than anyone else in fact! 
 lol. You're the joke. 
 	you are a cunt 
 That's not a "reason" Kalama . it's a "campaign slogan" - Kind of like Hillary's "Stronger Together" - Yet, all she's done is tear this country apart   Results matter - Jobs Jobs Jobs vs. Those jobs just aren't coming back -   . I'll stick with the magic wand 
 	Harris is just Another Moran Nigger Bitch.  
 See? Nigger stupidity. Don't even know they are being mocked. 
  
 		 see now soros and his cohorts are sending themselves bombs, seriously why would a right winger send them when we are already winning? This is yet another far left ploy to shift the narrative and gain sympathy like when a nigger attacks a black church pretending to be white, or a muzzie doing the same thing-they will stop at Nothing to win! 
 		 see now soros and his cohorts are sending themselves bombs, seriously why would a right winger send them when we are already winning? This is yet another far left ploy to shift the narrative and gain sympathy like when a nigger attacks a black church pretending to be white, or a muzzie doing the same thing-they will stop at Nothing to win! 
 Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke Convicted of Second-Degree Murder for Killing Laquan McDonald  Also found guilty of 16 counts of aggravated battery, one for each bullet he fired.   [Thank God. How Can You Shoot A Guy 16 Times?]     
 	Cuz they are not allowed to Use 30rd er's, so there is a reload and it slows down a bit and gives them time to realize they are shooting a corpse.just sayin 
 		  Only one officer fired. The one that got there too late. The guy was not fit to be on the streets. This was not a bank robbery or melee. 
 			oh dont get me wrong he deserves to be in jail for this one. 
 		Go back to carrying .357's and .44's. one center mass and they're done. 
 			A 4/10 will get the point across for me, and I like my little 380 for 'dress up' occasions. :) 
 				I'm referring.to duty carry.  9's and .40's are just too anemic. You read stuff every day about multiple hits with a 9 and they survive or keep comin. Especially if they're amped up on something. 
 				Ah, I see. I apologise for jumping into a conversation without knowing all the facts. An unfortunate habit of mine for which I am often chided. :) 
 				No no, no apology needed :) 
 			thats not how they shoot now, they shoot until empty, dead people make poor witnesses 
 			thats not how they shoot now, they shoot until empty, dead people make poor witnesses 
 Pamela Geller:    A Jewish journalist was killed by a racist black man  and no media will report it: The media world mourns the death of Jamel Khashoggi, a Saudi-Turkish Islamist activist who hated Jews and supported Hamas, and no one speaks of Jerry Wolkowitz, an    
 		Are the White, Russian, Ukrainian, Greek, Armenian, and Syriac Genocides discriminate or indiscriminate? 
 		2. (((They))) gained control of America in 1913 when they illegally passed the Federal Reserve. They've been in Control of All since then! Their Reign is about over!    
 		2. (((They))) gained control of America in 1913 when they illegally passed the Federal Reserve. They've been in Control of All since then! Their Reign is about over!    
 it is being blocked  by the dems. yell at them.   He can only do what congress will let him. Or are you that retarded you can't see this. It will be done if you get out and vote them dems out. Dumb ass 
  
 	Hola Mami! hhahahaha. hahahaha soshalism is wunnerful. I wan to go to Benezuela. I heer tings is great dare. Hugo Chavez's faggot friend is running the place now. I ken use a baycashun. Sleepink in my office ebery day makes me tired. Whachu makin us for lonche? Ken we hab Benezuelan food? Are jew dun kleenink toilets already? hahahah! 
 	Hola Mami! hhahahaha. hahahaha soshalism is wunnerful. I wan to go to Benezuela. I heer tings is great dare. Hugo Chavez's faggot friend is running the place now. I ken use a baycashun. Sleepink in my office ebery day makes me tired. Whachu makin us for lonche? Ken we hab Benezuelan food? Are jew dun kleenink toilets already? hahahah! 
 Cartoons do not make a persona pedo you rube theres a much biggerfight out there thena few people that like dumb jap shit. 
 	You have already been identified and confirmed as a psychotic Not white. These posts in no way reflect White Nationalist behavior or language. White Nationalists are not racist or cruel. They just speak the truth, whether it's offensive or not. This lunatic is not speaking the truth but trying to make Gab/Whites/Conservatives etc look like bigots. 
 		oh kiss my ass retard.Lol your name tells it all dumb nigger wannabe DinduNuffin! bwaa haa 
 Stupid ass nigger insults all women with this sh*t.   Melania Trump spokesperson calls for boycott of T.I. over video featuring first lady look-alike stripping    
 I get that Gab comments are still pretty screwed up and in spaghetti . but I already made it clear that I was speaking about people who post about Sa . but when Christian Whites want to Step Up and help them - there is a Backlash and "Oh No! Because They Are Christians!"   bs thing that happens.    I was clear - in addressing the standard that makes No Sense - in this matter.   I Call It for what it is -- Pagans -- Use the horrid events happening to white Christians  -- as soviet type news for an agenda - but when push comes to shove . "oh no . not You Guys helping"  . so pagans would rather white Christians what . die?     Don't reply again. Everything you and yours -  spout is Retarded . when I am speaking about helping WHItE Christians.      Look - I'll just go Off Line and Off of this Pretend World . and go to Churches . and ask for their help - after the Retarded response this week  - from Pagans attacking - after my post about helping people who are in need in Sa.     Small group but loud you are - and one day - people will see you for what you Really Are.  Liars.  Shills.   Someone being paid to continue your Bs.  Christians and their church members - are who have Always StepPED Up in the past -  is Where I Will Go For Help.  So if anything - pretty much concludes any of my dialogue with social media .  because sooooooo many liars and posers at the end of the day .      while Real Christians have StepPED Up decade after decade.  And in this one is seems that most of them are Russian.   So very comfy for me . to speak to people . who have A Heart.  Oh and Sinead . since you are obsessed with re-posts - and your pretend friends who hate you always let me know - You can repost this one . Put YouR Money Up Where YouR Mouth Is - or shut up.  Christians - Will step up - where these pretend "I sooooooo love WHItE People - except NoT when they are Christians . and this goes for all the other pagans as well."      You Morons those people in Distress and Being Murdered - Are Christians.  Any Christians who want to help out - please write to me privately.   
 It's ok to be a nigger 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
    I am so sick and tired of this fucking school and the bombastic 24/7 pussy-parade it has plastered all over national media since January. If these faggots were really genuine about their desire to change things they wouldn't be so eager to indulge in an obvious smear-campaign that has nothing to do with the gun debate, nor would this cunt be wiling to bring race-baiting into the picture. News-flash you Skankasaurus: Ford's white too! 
 Oh dear Jesus. Let her do it and some wacko will want to blow up Mount Rushmore then. Why not collapse the Grand Canyon after that! I am sure it offends some f*cking retard out there!  
 U new on gab and already people are asking u to please walk on home, now please go back to Twitter, you don't fit in here retard 
 the nigger geraldo rivera needs hanged to death per our american law. 
 Praise the Lord. He knows the truth!  
 	Stewart McDonald, is the openly gay Snp Mp for Glasgow South. He is not a big fan of Tommy Robinson, the man who warns us about Islam. Islamists don't like Tommy at all but they hate gays even more. The tallest tower in Scotland is in Glasgow, Stewart should find out how Islamists would like to introduce it to him. 
 		He will be one of the gays marching against Islamofauxbia because the Imams told him Islam loves gays just not the dead bit. 
 			Peter Tatchell moment. Attacked by muslims he was demonstrating with because he was gay. Tatchell now seems to be changing his mind a little. 
 				Tatchell is a paedo loving twat & deserves the verbal attacks he gets.  
 				Tatchell is a paedo loving twat & deserves the verbal attacks he gets.  
 	It has started . One nigger in there already  
 goodbye valery jarrett    
 	Cross Bred Nigger ! 
 	This is considered "garbage" by the Swedish Sjw government now, with its Muzzie cultural minister (or whatever that position is). Sweden is literally throwing away or melting down Viking artifacts these days because Sweden is now no longer Sweden and is whatever invaders from the Middle East and Africa say it is.      Girl needs to hold onto this sword or the government will destroy it as part of its drive to destroy/erase the past that clearly showed what Sweden was and Should be. 
 	This is considered "garbage" by the Swedish Sjw government now, with its Muzzie cultural minister (or whatever that position is). Sweden is literally throwing away or melting down Viking artifacts these days because Sweden is now no longer Sweden and is whatever invaders from the Middle East and Africa say it is.      Girl needs to hold onto this sword or the government will destroy it as part of its drive to destroy/erase the past that clearly showed what Sweden was and Should be. 
 Vote November 6th! 
 		I saved this pic and merged with Trump   Leadership   .   Donald J. Trump ()      we need justice sir        Liberals get these little kids to make these speeches because they know it would not have any effect if an adult tried to spin it.     Muslims are killing Christians.     That is the bottom line     obama was not a real president     he was and is an enemy of the state      - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai    - join Gab.Ai\   - join Gab.Ai\     Conservative base is waiting for you to show social media they dont control us     President help us Kill Twitter   Join Gab.Ai   The Left will hemorrhage   Donald J. Trump () 
 			Love it  
 			Love it  
 After months of campaigning on the various Labour and Unite affiliated Facebook groups we have managed to persuade the executive of each to effectively ban jew friendly journalists from all policy and fund raising meetings.   British jews are not happy about this and next week I’m told there will be a push by jews in the media to highlight this move.   That will be interesting as it will alienate the jew further from both enormities.   Good news for antisemites across the world. 
 	And then you woke up? 
 		You keep repeating 3 desperate mantras.  Every time you appear here you use them.  You’re not the full shilling are you! You are like that retard Slatty in that regard, you lefties are all fucked in the head.  Tragic old woman. 
 More utter nonsense from Hollywood: 
 	Leftists can be counted on to overplay their hand.   Black Lives Matter made a mockery of race relations. Pussy Hats turned people off of feminism. Racist, Sexist, Bigot, Nazi - all have lost their sting. Rape is becoming a non crime.   Is this because their ideology is intrinsically weak and fragile? 
 		and while they have 10 million retarded vicarious sychophants following them on twitter celebs will never shut the fuck up with the ignorant bullshit lapped up by morons   
 Voting Gop will not solve our problems. This article titled Trump Cucks from Ropeculture still stands true.     
 	 
 		You realize that the Founding Fathers were considered liberal, retard 
 faggot perv and his made up "laws". 
 After a Black man murdered a Swedish citizen, the Swedish police asked the public for help identifying him - but they blurred out his face so you couldn’t tell he was Black. 
 	Years ago, the editor of the Swedish tabloid Expressen admitted to "vitpixling"whereby criminals' dark skin in photos was lightened and pixelated, to make them appear white. There was a Wikipedia entry on it, but all that's left is the debate to delete it. Mention of the practice is buried in another entry on a "conspiracy theory" about journalists pushing demographic replacement. 
 		Sweden: everything you need to know about women in politics.  
 			Sweden has been an enemy of whites since at least Wwii and their retard men were in power then. Swedes and Norwegians have an (((obsessive))) hatred of whites in southern Africa. and themselves. Cucked. 
 : The Daily Caller has confirmed Nikki Haley has resigned from her post as Us Ambassador to the Un.    
 	good, jew lover, dick sucker, nigger lover 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 No one will ever know the truth.  Ever. 
 	Lying cunt 
 Psa encourages kids to steal parents' guns, hand over to teachers   
 	? After decades of the narrative.  The one that claimed that if there was a gun in the house a baby will find it and hurt themselves or others?  Decades of safety storage?  Decades of retarded travel case boxes? All Lies.  They only want the damned guns. 
 London Police Boss Locked Doors and Watched Westminster Attack Unfold From Car Window    
 	in the wise words of Winston Churchill. "what a nigger faggot". 
 That’s crazy, bro. So you married a woman who used to be a mudshark and her previous nigger shot up the Amish community? Damn bro, I’m glad you got away from all of that. 
 The parts of TradWorker which worked well and didn't end up a retarded clusterfuck can and should be attributed to his influence in internal strategy debates. 
 The parts of TradWorker which worked well and didn't end up a retarded clusterfuck can and should be attributed to his influence in internal strategy debates. 
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 nigger faggot 
 The bull dyke nominee for Georgia governor was, surprise, a campus radical that burned the Georgia flag.    
 When wanting to virtue signal clashes with being too stupid to understand what you’re actually saying. 
 	aaaand it's another stupid nigger 
 Officer Van Dyke deserves a serious fundraising immediately to minimize the damage until he is released. 
 Officer Van Dyke deserves a serious fundraising immediately to minimize the damage until he is released. 
 		By the look of the flat face, probably Korean. 
 Indeed.  I am no master I know nothing.   When all these retarded little white liberals realize they can be victims just like all their socialists friends, My bet is they will eat up the "Jewish Supremacy" narrative.  I am putting my dollar down on that bet.   
 	Someone has to be extremely Retarded to believe Cnn's Jew bullshit!  Jews are Liars! 
 These feminazi women screaming for equal rights actually have a Sharia Law advocate for their leader   It is mind numbing that they are this stupid.    
 		Feminists are extremely stupid. They contradict themselves constantly and cannot see the irony in those contradictions. Just lock them all up in a lunatic asylum and it can be their echo chamber. 
 		Smart Dog.respectfully. you are Waaaay too kind in your estimation of cockroach Sarsour 
 		Smart Dog.respectfully. you are Waaaay too kind in your estimation of cockroach Sarsour 
 i do not take advice or demands from imbeciles who cannot tell the difference between boys or girls or who think they live on a giant spinning ball. im guessing you're a huge meat eating faggot as well so Stfu and get back to your tranny porn!  
 They can kiss my ass and so can MuHAMmed. 
 		It’s a lot more common than you think. 
 			How long before Dems have them selling the parts of their honor killing dead family members? Or wouldn’t they be fresh enough? Perhaps Planned Murderhood could start performing honor killings for the bent parents, since they already don’t report Fgm or rape anyway? 
 					That isis loving simp Must go to jail asap 
 You must use the correct terminology. They are called fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches. 
 	are you suggesting he was right to murder participants in a baby-naming ceremony? 
 		living in your mom's house until you're 40, actively refusing to get any kind of education outside of your redneck family is a sure way to disperse stupidity. 
 	Upvote for proper use of the term. 
 		I hate using it but this one deserves it 
 		It's one of those words that hasn't been redefined by the left.  Everyone knows what it means. 
 		It's one of those words that hasn't been redefined by the left.  Everyone knows what it means. 
  
 	Another brain-dead twat who's too stupid to recognize that idiotic political posturing alienates half her audience.   
 Some people are way too stupid to be on social media Gab included. Their 'views' are shaped by trash on the box, by idiotic tabloids, by celeb drivel, hideous lyrics in pop songs and moronic conspiracy theories plugged by complete idiots. They pollute social media not understanding the simplest of things and discredit good posts by ridiculous comments. 
 	Ur thoughts are different than my thoughts, your posts make my posts look bad, ur to stupid for social media (ur standards)  Trash, idiot, drivel etc. If there was a bitch emoji it would be regulated for u in this very instant. Shut the internet down everybody the cunt is unhappy ! 
 You fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches make it so easy.   
 	With all the factual data available- are you that fucking stupid? Of course the holocaust happened. Watch the American Military film documentary showing what American Gi’s discovered in the concentration camps!  
 		Your a fuckin idiot yourself Bud. Who produced, directed etc ur lil recommend film ? Cat is outta the bag about ur baby dick eating pals Bud. You look like a faggot tryin to stuff it bck in 
  
 	I believe she a lying Cunt 
  
 	well. if business owners Won'T protect their property By Shooting  This Nigger Scum,   What Do You Expect. and that's the Only Way To End All This.  
 And yet our heroes kept patiently working on The Plan, instead of rushing into action. Because The Plan Had to succeed, and they knew they would only get one chance.        #Q 
 	Every day it takes you to realize the current fake Q=Soros, your Iq score goes down.   And we're already at room temperature. 
 		Why do you give a shit about who follows Qanon or not?  What’s your crusade? 
 			Because Q/Soros will tell the glassy eyed zombies to do something horrific in President Trump's name, and 10% of them will do it. 
 					And to keep Soros/Q from filling the House and Senate with Democrats and impeaching the President.   Not complicated, honest, you can do it. 
 						So, according to your theory, Q is Soros and Q (Soros) is dropping intelligence exposing all the deep state corruption that has taken place over decades, supports Trump, and has the deep state in full retreat while at the same time Soros (Q) is also funding Blm, Antifa, and anything anti-Trump?  Got it! 
 							Q/Soros isn't exposing anything. About all it's doing is saying everything is under control, no need to get all excited about voting.   As it plans the Big One. 
 								Are more people aware of the corruption that is, and has been, pervasive in our government since Qanon began dropping or are fewer aware?  Has Qanon done more to wake people up or has he/she been a phenomenon to keep people asleep? 
 									The only thing the fake Q/Soros has done is keep people from voting.   So far. 
 										How so?  How many elections have there been since October 31, 2017 and today and what what was the voter turnout at those elections?  And if the voter turnout was lower than expected, was it because they started following Qanon? 
 											Too complicated? Of course it is.   Time wasted on Q, not getting out the vote.   The propaganda that Sessions/Mueller are the good guys, trust the plan, no need to get excited about voting.   Etc.   Second time I've explained that to you. 
 												You haven’t answered my question. How has Qanon prevented people from voting?  (you said it, I didn’t) 
 													This sounds familiar. Hmm you haven't answered the question. This prick paesur thinks she can manipulate the conversation. I'm a retard and still humiliated her  
 													This sounds familiar. Hmm you haven't answered the question. This prick paesur thinks she can manipulate the conversation. I'm a retard and still humiliated her  
 What's funny is when a nigger does something the entire media is like look what this nigger did. It'S Amazing! It's because it's actually rare when niggers do anything smart. 
 Flake voted yes to proceed to the final vote.  I guess his son N1GGERKILLER changed his mind.   >"Stop being a fucking faggot dad!"   >"O-oh.okay son.s-ssorry"         Chad Son Vs Virgin Dad 
 I thought it would be appropriate for my first post on  be shared on Twitter.  
 	Welcome to . You can someone a nigger faggot ya know.if u want to. 
 Hillary calls for less civility.   I'm fine with that. 
 	The most uncivilised cunt in political history, with 200 plus corpses in her wake, calling for the restoration of 'civility' to politics after we regain power, is the most grating irony I can Imagine. She is a painful thing that will do for 2018 what she did for 2016. Keep drinking toddler blood and bring on the insanity, Killary. 
 	The most uncivilised cunt in political history, with 200 plus corpses in her wake, calling for the restoration of 'civility' to politics after we regain power, is the most grating irony I can Imagine. She is a painful thing that will do for 2018 what she did for 2016. Keep drinking toddler blood and bring on the insanity, Killary. 
 Flat Earthers Full Retard Mode Episode 3.1  via  
 	lol dude you don’t have to do this. just scroll past my content. You don’t have to enjoy seeing every post on a Global Social Media Platform Advocating For Free Speech.  And stop trying to seek out gay news stories lol. If you see them a lot on places that aggregate them often. stop looking at those places for news.    
 						You thought that was whining to admin? I was asking if he could remove me from the platform, lol. 
 							Nah. I doubt you could be converted.  
 The fact that the Republican Party has a habit of working against the interests of White nationalists, is not sufficient to justify abandonment of the party, at least not without a clear alternative. It matters who controls the government, a lot. Democrats are using every power at their disposal to establish a permanent governing majority in Washington. They will open the borders, and nationalize one industry after another until something forces them to stop. They will disarm us, tax carbon dioxide, and make Facebook's hate speech policies the law of the land. Whatever the sins of the Gop, they pale in comparison to that horrifying outcome. Until somebody shows me some other force which is capable of stopping the Democrat Party, we have to be partisan Republicans. 
 	"we have to be partisan Republicans. " What's your response to the r party even abandoning the pretense of representing white interests and openly courting the spic population? Yeah, you're not even touching that one. The silence is deafening. 
 ".Is Here." The optimal phrase. Is here. Hannity is here, parino, Ingram was there, you know Levin and Shapiro were. Ezra Levant? . 
 	Lots of men in Israel would be considered white men I think  
 		Many of the Jews in Israel today aren’t necessarily descended from the Middle East. Lots descend from Europe and the Us 
 				hitler grandfather was a Jew 
 					Lying cunt 
 					Lying cunt 
 Faggot 
  taylor swift.that was a retarded Daily Stormer meme.  Consider the source and Flush. 
 	With all the factual data available- are you that fucking stupid? Of course the holocaust happened. Watch the American Military film documentary showing what American Gi’s discovered in the concentration camps!  
 		Repercussions are coming faggot 
 				I wish I could move on but I'm still dealing with the fallout every day. There are still lawsuits involving us.     I'm so tired of these people lying about me & trying to use me as a scapegoat.    This asshole Spencer ripped control of the event away from me and called off our police escort.    Then he tried to hide that fact and shift blame onto me. 
 					Oh I know it still bugs you. And I'll give you that.  Just don't let it eat away at you forever though. We'll try to get this fixed somehow, even if it is wishful thinking or naive. I wish you luck, and the same for everybody else. I wish I could of been there. 
 				He has nothing But Utr. 
 			What's the point of blaming anyone when you were set up by the j-gov . The cops are the ones who fucked you not the guys who came to listen to speeches. 
 				The cops & the Charlottesville government are to blame absolutely. There would’ve been no violence if they hadn’t explicitly endorsed heckler’s veto   However these idiots that wrested control of the event didn’t bother to warn me or anyone else that a) police had stood down & b) there were armed counter-protestors waiting to attack people outside the venue 
 			Some would wish to ostracize you and some wouldn't, which would be much better than an enduring whisper campaign.  I was blocked from Cms for years over a baseless rumor of Jewish heritage that only went away when Dna testing became affordable. 
  
 		yep !  
 		yep !  
 Change your name to faggot pepe videos pal, then off you go to suck on sargons balls in KeKistan  
 With some luck Mz. Klobuchar will be looking for a new line of work after the election.  But, then, again, this is Minnesota . .    
 		Yes, he did. 
 		Yes, he did. 
 Watch: Crazed Man Destroys Ted Cruz Campaign Signs In Houston; Tells Supporter He Doesn’t ‘Belong’ In The Neighborhood     
 	We saw how great stealing Trump 2016 signs from front yards did for that vapid ugly cunt Hillary did.  
 Hillary Jail   WikiLeaks issued a statement saying they will take down Hillary by Oct 21st, by showing she sold classified military secrets to Saudi Arabia.          
 	Nothing will happen. This cunt will return like Cersei Lannister and have us all enslaved or killed.  
 Nobel Laureate in Physics; "Global Warming is Pseudoscience"    
 	we call it retarded liberal garbage, lots of global warming tards will freeze to death, that's how God works. 
 	This guy likes to talk about Americans a lot, but is very careful not to disclose what country he's from. 
 		That's false.  America has always has competing ethnic groups.  Additionally, his definition of "old values" are race-based.  Also, something retarded about how Jews imposed ideas on America. 
 			Jews control media and impose liberalism on the masses? Preposterous!   We live in a conservative country of tinder dating and mandatory gay pride parades! 1776! 
 				Lol, his new claim is that Tinder dating and "mandatory" gay pride parades came from Jews.  Xd 
 					It’s called sarcasm genius. 
 					The libertine culture came from Jews lobbying to get porn legalised. That’s one example of many of Jews perverting the culture. 
 					It's called failure, you mean. 
 					Lol, now he's saying that porn started because of Jews, guys. 
 					Neat, who legalized it and when was it legalized.  :D 
 Jews are really programmed robots and that is a Fact.  Jews are in Fact a very confident Retard! Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.  Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.   Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are.  
 Pidgin.  It's the best that some of these retarded nogs can do.   Malawi: Police arrest 140 for 'vampire' kill-kill    
   Illegal Alien Arrested for Allegedly Practicing Dentistry Without a License.  
 	Execute the wetback felon. 
 Vote DemonRats Out! 
 	Joe Biden said They want to put y'all back in chains. He forgot to mention that Kkk founded by dems.  They fought against 13 14 15 amendments against civil rights and it was a Republican who freed the slaves.  Dems are ignorant and that is what the Dnc wants. Stupid People  Do you dems even know what the civil war was about? Read A Book 
 		The Kkk served a purpose - to keep unruly niggers on the reservation of law and order.rape apes attacked White women, especially after 1865. Whites defended their people in those days. It was brutal and it was just. Now, the nigger rape apes get to rape and kill with abandon. And yet you appeal to stale anti-White memes. You are behind the 8-ball. 
 Liberalism is a Disease and the Cancer of America    HomeGrown Terrorism is the DemonCrap Party     Pray for the Kavanaugh Family    Wtfu 
 	They Say they are ___ , but are Not.  They are the Synagogue of Satan; They are of their father the devil who was a liar from the beginning, & This is the work of their demonic Hellspawn. 
 		All those titles and never once named the 1 grp of ppl behind this whole mess we’re in. Your an idiot n a coward. The cat is outta the bag about ur baby dick eating pals Bud. You just look like a faggot tryin to keep it in.  
  has received purchase order for jew naming services to be performed with a non-white goy who names the jew in San Diego area this weekend! Email CaliLLC@protonmail.com if you need the jew named in your town on my the back from SoCal to Berkeley early next week! 
 	Goyim means white. 
 		jew means nigger 
 Hey Eis, I haven't been following this, and since I trust you, how about you 'splain it to me: One muzzie country killed a guy from another muzzie country, and we're supposed to care why, exactly? 
 Notice how all the white supremacists on Gab flooded onto this thread and were unable to coherently respond to the statements I made?  Thus proving that they were Npcs?  All they did was paste all of their usual photo memes, like an Npc is programmed to do, and then upvote and downvote accordingly, like an Npc.  White supremacists are Npcs. 
 	I don’t think you understand the Npc meme  
 		Or you’re just a faggot 
 Question, why is every white man hating brown person wearing those cheap creepy bug eye thick framed glasses  
 	Still I'm laughing, this bitch is a raging cunt, an gets all in a huff when she tries to bully Karen, an gets called a cunt again.an that bitch look. Priceless  
 Texas, here is Beto "Sloppy Ass" O'Rouke. Who would vote for this hot mess? 
 		worse. his ding-a-ling was pointed upward when he peed. 
 		hahahahaha.he will be pissing his pants when he loses with his 38 million! 
 		hahahahaha.he will be pissing his pants when he loses with his 38 million! 
 Democrats actually think they have the power to kick white women out of the "women's club."   Just who do they think they are?    
 	What is that annoying camel-faced Allah nigger doing in My country?  
 pro terrorist lol what a redneck shit head your country is run by the zionist and their headquarters are in Israel you and the young americans are nothing more than cannon fodder for the elite wake up you anus do your followers realize how stupid you're  
 pro terrorist lol what a redneck shit head your country is run by the zionist and their headquarters are in Israel you and the young americans are nothing more than cannon fodder for the elite wake up you anus do your followers realize how stupid you're  
 I hope this family can immigrate to the United States. They are the type of people who built and contribute to our modern civilization. 
 		Sweden only wants muzzie trouble makers who refuse to integrate - just so they can accommodate "diversity" in their nation. This white family doesn't fit the profile of "diversity" so they'll be shipped out in no time. 
 Are you a Nazi?   This is My latest Nazi poll here at Gab. I conduct these Nazi polls every 6 months to determine the percentage of Nazis here at Gab.             
 	Define "Nazi." 
 		did not even define, what a retard 
 Wisdom, Will, and Wizard (Vodin, Vili, and Ve) created all hominids through emanationism - psychic emanations from the divine realm into the material universe, influencing the pre-sapient hominids to act in certain ways that led towards uplifting.    (The opening scene of 2001: A Space Odyssey is a good representation of emanationism.)    1/ 
 			 Neanderthals spread throughout the world, except for subsaharan Africa, where the Nigger Sapiens continued shitting, eating, and sleeping without doing anything of note for 350,000 years.    Neanderthals gave rise to all non-nigger hominid hybrid cadet-branches, but the Aryan is the main branch. 4/4 
 3/  Your fucking faggot ancestors are the reason for all of this shit.  You guys wouldn't even let us secede.  Why would we let you? 
 	That must be why you have No friends! 
 		Ouch, I may never recover, you nigger & jew loving faggot. 
 Kirby's Dreamland challenge  
 		get the sand nigger cock out of your mouth before you type to me 
 So Whoopi Goldberg on The View implied how Don Trump Jr.'s young son might be a Future Rapist because he said he was "worried" his son might be falsely accused of rape in the future. Which is interesting seeing as how Whoopi Defended An Actual Rapist! Roman Polanski has also been accused of Raping at least 5 Other women.     
 	karen Johnson is an ugly nigger 
 I've thought long and hard about this and.I don't care.   This was a Saudi citizen killed by Saudis on Saudi property.   And so what if he was a journalist? If anything, that makes me think less of him, considering today's state of journalism.   There's nothing here that merits another potential useless, bloody mid-east ground war. 
 	Oh dear, there is that Cunt News again, stirring the pot! 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	It was taken seriously, her written testimony conflicts with her spoken.  This faggot needs to be in the unemployment line.  
 	                    
 		Yet, you know some men are saying, "If she presents as female, then i have no problem." It's a faggot in make up. Ffs. they can do anything with special effects makeup, now. 
 	Not a fucking chance. 
 	They did at one time back in the 1960's, not anymore! Of course college football back then was only about 5% Black at most. 
 	Very very few in fact i only know 2 but one of them was a player a very long time ago so it was a different situation i think. But niether do anything that requires a degree oddly. 
 	They're all engineers, doctors, and scientists! Wtf you talkin' about Gl!   
 		 
 		 
 Does anyone remember this? 
 	Stupid nigger 
 						 This is the only Public Enemy I enjoy. 
 						Yep. I was in our local Jaycees (jr. chamber of commerce), and we held a weekly teen dance with a dj on friday nights.   Lots of white kids idolizing hoods, the nearest real ones were an hour south.  Pathetic immitation, but they liked it. 
 						Yep. I was in our local Jaycees (jr. chamber of commerce), and we held a weekly teen dance with a dj on friday nights.   Lots of white kids idolizing hoods, the nearest real ones were an hour south.  Pathetic immitation, but they liked it. 
 Georgetown Professor: ‘Castrate’ White Men’S Corpses And ‘Feed Them To Swine’    
 	Sounds Like A Carpet Muncher To Me . Hay Cunt Try Eating A Dick It Might Give U A Real Smile For 1CE . What A Douchebag  
 Chance the Rapper endorses Amara Eniya for Chicago mayor      
 	nigger rappers are who I get political advice from. especially when they wear peanuts T-shirts. haahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahh 
 	John 8:44, 
 			There are 7 churches in the Book of Revelation.  Only 2 were not rebuked by Christ; Smyrna and Philadelphia . As I told the Jidf   last night , the god of Judaism is Satan .Star of Remphan is their symbol , Chiun Acts 7:43, Amos 5:26    
 					Believing a Jew or the government is a conspiracy theory.  Taking a look at Facts proves everything a Jew says is a Lie!  Getting people to actually look at Facts however is not easy when they are in a trance!  The Npc meme is great and is very appropriate for lefites that is for sure!  They are all brainwashed retarded as the left is a satanic cult complete with satanic blood human sacrifices at planned parenthood.  But their minds cannot make the connection.  Pointing out their absurdity is of course Hate Speech!  This is the inversion that satan so perfected. Seek the Truth and the Truth will set you free! 
 	Brown is ugly, it looks like poop 
 	I am sure the Queen is very happy lol. 
 		Well, she allowed this abomination of a ''marriage'' to proceed, so looks that way.or she  just does not care what will happen after she is gone. 
 		Well, she allowed this abomination of a ''marriage'' to proceed, so looks that way.or she  just does not care what will happen after she is gone. 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 Bill Tufts  Canada First Post National State     Trudeau is signing a Un Compact of Migration in December It cedes all rights on national immigration policies to the Un.   With the goal of relocating 245 Million worldwide immigrants It will implement a version of M103 that will be binding on all "citizens of the world"   Un Global Compact will make all governments at all levels acocuntable to the new rule of Un International Law Whole-of-government Approach:   The Global Compact considers that migration is a multidimensional reality that cannot be addressed by one government policy sector alone.   Global Compact will make all people citizens of the world Entitled to healthcare and government programs anywhere in the world upon arrival in Canada "ensure effective respect, protection and fulfilment of the human rights of all migrants, regardless of their migration status"    When Trudeau signs the Compact on Migration he makes you accountable to Un international laws.    "as well as persons themselves are accountable to laws that are publicly promulgated, equally enforced and independently adjudicated, and which are consistent with international law."                                           @1776Ninja                    @mysticphoeniix     @1776Ninja                                             @12gaPATRIOT                @1013Lana        
 	Canadians death warrant. This faggot is going to kill all of the people he's supposed to protect 
 The terrorist and failed bomber targeting liberals was a Trump-otaku. Color me shocked. Right wing extremist at it again. 
 	He's a registered Democrat faggot like you.Lol  
 Kanye West Delivers Pro-Trump Rant on ‘Snl,’ Gets Booed By Faggot Haters        
 DemonKKKrats Mob Rule.   
 	They're communists you raging faggot 
  Now Live:  To Run Against !   Tune in 24/7 uncensored at: infowars.com/show      #1A        Get Mobile Alerts   Text: News  To: 33222   
 	Fuckingbshit not this cunt Hilary again  
 	The number one way to do this is through economics. That is how we secure the White left. Unfortunately the Gop would rather eat poison than give up their neo-liberal economics. 2016 showed the way. The way to victory is through states like Michigan and Penn but the Gop threw that all away because they had donors to pay back - I don't feel sorry for them. 
 		Yup   And remember that normie conservatives hated Trump up until he was elected. Matt Walsh openly said he hated Trump supporters. Steven Crowder made skits mocking Trump and calling him a socialist (cringe).   Trump has betrayed the very same people responsible for his election. He never liked them, has always looked down on them, and takes them for suckers. 
 			That was the number one talking point the yuppie suburban Gop voters made vs. Trump - that he was a socialist. Now of course they are the biggest cheerleaders for him, They still don't like his twitter account tho - that is too lowbrow for them. But in the end they get the policy and we get the tweets. 
 				Suburban and urban whites were/are the strongest supporters of trump.  It was the rural population he struggled with the most.  The whole crush the urbanite meme is completely backwards. 
 					I disagree. He won the rural Solid South in a landslide. The phenomenon you are talking about is the Cruz religious right people who lived in the states like Utah and Idaho. Mormons and Glenn beck listeners. Trump appealed directly to working class Whites. 
 						Working class whites live in cities and cheap suburbs.  The pirmary voting tells a very different tale. The facts aren’t on your side. 
 							I'm not talking about working class towns in Penn and Michigan. Yes they went for Trump. I have made that clear. What was being talked about right here was the conservative suburbanites. They hated Trump all throughout the primaries They and the Mormons out West voted for anyone but Trump. Cruz just happened to survive the others. 
 																		President Hoover ordered the infantry and cavalry to shoot at veterans who protested in D.C., demanding pensions that the government owed them.   Yeah I can't figure out why he was hated, either.   "Fdr was a socialist who made the depression worse, amirite guis?"   "(((big banks))) are being cruelly oppressed by Obama's socialism!"   What a retarded ass party. 
  
 	 ****pls share all over. if  does not like it, I love it.****   Ty E 
 		Why this Muzzie Pos traitor even has a statue, besides in the ghettos, is beyond comprehension!   
 I'll quote the great Mark Fuhrman   Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger . 
 Now they’re trying to make Hispanics feel guilty for white privilege. This isn’t going to end well for them. 
 	im giggling like a retard here this is glorious shit 
 	Rad, stop reading Zero Hedge, it is there to separate you from your money, with bad reasoning. 
 	dow 6k before 30k unless fed shadow buys and walks back rates. dow recouples fundamentals at 6k, the rest is Qe/Zirp=Nirp/buybacks. keep studying.  
 	dow 6k before 30k unless fed shadow buys and walks back rates. dow recouples fundamentals at 6k, the rest is Qe/Zirp=Nirp/buybacks. keep studying.  
 Rt :    A timeline of the events leading up to the conviction of Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke on a charge of second-degree murder for shooting black teen Laquan McDonald 16 times.  
 Rt :    A timeline of the events leading up to the conviction of Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke on a charge of second-degree murder for shooting black teen Laquan McDonald 16 times.  
 I'm madly in love with a beautiful woman. 
 		No, thats virgin  , retard advice. You don't treat them like shit. You dangle your desire in front of them. You make them work for it. You make her wonder if your interested. You pursue them but you make it seem like you don't know if you even give a shit, to the girl. That's how you do it.  
 Prosecutor: Christine Blasey Ford Doesn’t Know if Polygraph Was on Day of Grandmother’s Funeral    
 	That's literally impossible. Just think about that for a second.   'Okay, gotta say goodbye one last time to Nana cuz I got this thing at a motel.'   Bet she has no idea how she got there or how she left.  
 		Lmfao.gotta go Nana, sorry you passed but i gotta go prove I was raped or something, takin a test  in a hotel room im not sure of where and when it is though. 
 			Exactly. Either that or.  'I'm glad my lie detector test isn't until tomorrow because funerals blow. What did I inherit?'  Either way you'd have to be a high functioning retard or a low functioning alcoholic to take the traumatic, surprisingly complex Two Question Test, and not remember which day.   She's a fucking liar.  
 That's the first clean nigger I've ever seen. 
 Facebook hit with $645,000 fine over Cambridge Analytica scandal      
 	650k . thats fucking peanuts. they breached the data of tens of millions of people and interfered with a democratic process.  fuck these faggot judges 
 Left: New York City subway station.     Right: Moscow subway station.  
 	Raise your hands who used Moscow subway lately? Overcrowded and dirty. The pic is clearly taken as a prop, off-hours. The system within the Ring (Koltsevaya, a station on the pic is Kiyevskaya) was built as a show symbolizing the might of communism and kept by both federal and Moscow governments. Yes, the gold tiles use gold leaves. The stations built later, or 80% of the total now) do not offer the Ussr museum style. Nyc was built as a commute utility. Dirty and dysfunctional now because the city and the state are run by communists. 
 		I don't know what this faggot is trying to achieve with his Soviet style realism. Preying on impressionable American alt-righters, are we? 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger Apologizes for Using the Phrase ‘Girlie Men’  
 	Cunt 
 Maxine Waters Charged with Three Ethics Violations     @Infidellegion@RedIceTVYouTube @NickGriffin@HolocaustLiesExposed@jlampre @Annie53annette@sashashepto@Stratmouse @smoccia10 @Escoffier@EyesBlue71 @BritainFirst@BrotherNathanael@TomKawczynski @gmseed@FrankGoneMad@Fabian_Nazism@Infidellegion@GuerrillaDemocracyNews@SeanMaguire@theunhivedmind@The_West_Is_The_Best@RentonMagaUK  @WilliamHenwood@TruthWillOut@jacqueline-64  @RedPillClobber@TrumpTrain @Crazydoglady11@seanright                             
 		 
 		 
 	How did this happen? Well,we know how, but my real question is,how did it spread so fast & far ? It was like someone flipped a switch and "boom" complete insanity from these people,or what used to be people. 
 		Kinda like pulling a pacifier out of the mouth of a five year old child when they want it. Tantrum city, but they are adults physically not emotionally. Not able to connect with others, so rage is their friend because of the mentality. They were made by the Cia multi-national globalists to be this way. They use to hidden away and now they are being sent out like in the movie Willard.  A social misfit uses his only friends, his pet rats, to exact revenge on his tormentors  
 		Nice.agree, my friend  
 		"They were made by the Cia multi-national globalists to be this way." Mk-Ultra, manipulative Msm, Hollywood, cancerous tabloids, corrupt academia etc.I've wondered before whether Trump was the straw that broke the camels back or were we always heading into this spiritual/moral crisis? 
 		Gaslighting and the "dumbing down" of the population - a lethal combination. www.nefarious68.com 
 		Indeed. Never assume malign intent where stupidity will suffice, often in these cases it's a profound mix of the two however. 
 		Indeed. Never assume malign intent where stupidity will suffice, often in these cases it's a profound mix of the two however. 
 White babies are the ideal standard for society but we can’t win a breeding war with the third world. If you hadn’t muted muted me like a faggot I would tell you we need to advocate for stronger borders and deportations. 
 Notice the View presented to the public? Marxist/Leninist Socialists Versus National Socialists? "Left v. Right"? Of the Socialist Spectrum, maybe! Be Smart. Recognize the attempts to set you up as Socialist Stooges. Brown Shirts. Red Guard. Purges. Pawns. Don't be a useful idiot. Reject Socialism.  #Q    
 	Ok. That also means we are rejecting every gubmint and system on the planet then, America included. 
 		Nope. That means we reject Socialism. It brings Poverty, Misery, and Death. 
 			Nope. Every gubmint and system on the planet is socialist. As is Americas. These asshats even think they have the right to tell citizens if and when they can put up improvements on their own property. And the Us gubmint is good at the creating poverty thing. Try again 
 				I don't have to try. We have been infiltrated. Needs fixed. Socialism brings Poverty, Misery, and Death. 
 					Gubmint, by it's very definition, is collectivist and socialist. The minute a thousand people all contribute to an account that fu ds their defense, they become socialists .Try again 
 							No, but I know you are in denial if the truth, and are a deluded, retarded moron. Fuck you 
 Fuck You,  scumbag. You dumb p.o.s.   Outside of that, have a 'nice' day.    
 	Yeah nah I wasn't replying to you I was replying to that cumstain shill  who kept copypasting the same retarded comment. 
 		Lol you guys are dummies. You have to be a dummy to follow Crying Snitch Cuntwell.   
 		Is that supposed to be you with your anime waifu? 
 		Is that supposed to be you with your anime waifu? 
 No men in Canada to stop this Bull Dyke ?  
 Alex Jones has a message for you about how the mainstream media is brainwashing you to hate Israel.   Time stamped (but you might have to jump to YouTube to get to the correct time) -    
 	Alex Jones is a fucking retard 
 I sexually Identify as the sun. Ever since I was a boy I dreamt of slamming hydrogen isotopes into each other to make helium & light and send it through the galaxy. People say to me that a person being a star is impossible and I’m retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon inflate me with hydrogen and raise my temperature to over 6000 C. From now on I want you guys to call me Sol and respect my right to give you vitamin D and probably sunburns. If you can’t accept me you’re a fusionphobe and need to check your astral privilege. Thank you for being so understanding. 
 	 
 	Sol, last name Ra? 
 		Sol Ra Soy is my full given name.  My friends call me Pumpkin Spice.  
 		We need more hydrogen heads. Sending out some Chavez sulfur and algore carbons to boost your explosive creativity. 
 		Thank you sir.much street cred to you and your posse for your kind words.  I'm off to shine on Venezuela now as my free Vitamin D is one of the few things Maduro's socialist government can't ban, steal, or ration.   
 		Thank you sir.much street cred to you and your posse for your kind words.  I'm off to shine on Venezuela now as my free Vitamin D is one of the few things Maduro's socialist government can't ban, steal, or ration.   
 Lol  Poor Tay-Tay 
 	She's a nigger loving cunt 
 	 
 	 
  
 		 
 			 Wait until Canadian  women’s muslim owners are fucking them at will and then selling them to the highest bidder!   They will wish they had moved to the United States where a president would protect them!  
 Lmao my profile is my name and a picture of myself. unmask yourself faggot 
 Friday on Msnbc’s Deadline, Al Sharpton said President Donald Trump’s supporters are like people who would go to church and then go to the lynching after clothing themselves in morality. 
 	Maybe that faggot race baiter should pay his taxes  
 Cher: Gop Will ‘Bite Down’ on the ‘Jugulars’ of Non-White People    
 	Cunt Cher Is Total Vile Sjw Scum ! 
  
 	I am laughing my butt off. What a fucking  retard 
 Liberal & feminist women don't give one single fuck about rape, women, or "women's rights"    All they care about is virtue signalling, attaining power & ruining men by using women & rape as weapons. 
 		A lot of people don't.  It's really sad too, because it does happen.  Women get raped all the time. but because these cunt feminists have kind of flooded the market with bullshit, the women who really have had something happen to them won't be believed.  I hate feminism & leftists women for that. I don't even have words to express how much.  
 Kirby's Dreamland challenge  
 		 - "I hope the members of the Wbc are forced to."- forced by who? That post says more about the gabber than anything else. Resentment sparked the fantasy "suck a thousand sand nigger cocks". And Wbc's heard it all before. Unlike bozo, they've also seen it all.  
 		 - "I hope the members of the Wbc are forced to."- forced by who? That post says more about the gabber than anything else. Resentment sparked the fantasy "suck a thousand sand nigger cocks". And Wbc's heard it all before. Unlike bozo, they've also seen it all.  
 	Wouldn't a large intake of water dilute the concentration of electrolytes? Isn't that why they make sports drinks specially enriched with electrolytes? 
 		They're put in sports drinks because when you sweat, you lose a lot of your electrolytes. 
 		Maybe they're made because when you drink large amounts of water, you are creating a hypotonic concentration in the cells? "Hyponatremia occurs 1) when the hypothalamic-renal feedback loop is overwhelmed by increased fluid intake"  
 		This is why sports drinks have a lot of sodium in them. Salt helps your body retain water. 
 		Yes. But doesn't water consumption reduce cellular Na+ and K+ concentration needed for the NaK pump used for muscle contraction? Which would mean water toxicity causes death by reducing the levels of electrolytes, not increasing them, which was the original claim: " interrupting normal brain function caused by abnormally high levels of electrolytes." 
 		Yes. But doesn't water consumption reduce cellular Na+ and K+ concentration needed for the NaK pump used for muscle contraction? Which would mean water toxicity causes death by reducing the levels of electrolytes, not increasing them, which was the original claim: " interrupting normal brain function caused by abnormally high levels of electrolytes." 
 Graham Calls for Renegotiation of U.S. Defense Deal with Israel: "I want to give Israel more for missile defense."     
 	I fucking bet. Fuck this whole reality Tv shit. Like Lindsay Graham is supposed to be my hero now because he "totally destroyed the libtards epic style." And I supposed to give a fuck that Kanye Kardashian is a retarded attention whore. LuL 
 On today's episode of "As The Dyke Churns", Rosie O'Donnell explains why she was in therapy because her Bff Hillary got her shit pushed in by the Don, and suggests a Military Coup is the answer. Also some Rino cums on himself at the sight of her.    
 On today's episode of "As The Dyke Churns", Rosie O'Donnell explains why she was in therapy because her Bff Hillary got her shit pushed in by the Don, and suggests a Military Coup is the answer. Also some Rino cums on himself at the sight of her.    
  say public  is  -              via      
 	niggered. go talk to oprah the ugly nigger that built a school in apefrica for Niggers Only. niggers go home. your skoo is waiting for you 
 Snoop Dogg is a turd burglar and democrats are right with him.   
 	Aaaand he's still a nigger 
 	What a load of 
 		Spelled out in substance! 
 		Thank you!  I saved this image for more suitable creating, substance visually.  
 		Thank you!  I saved this image for more suitable creating, substance visually.  
  
 	What an epic mind &$#@ it is to see retarded White rioters screaming at white people. Seriously? Get a mirror, Retard! Virtue signaling is not gonna save your self-hating @$$es at the end of the day. 
 tolerance 
 	Europe is cucked and fucked when will the citizens change their attitude about the muzzie invasion. 
 Surely you took note of his fascination for Nigger dick? 
 Funny how a Jug eared Twat like Lineker can call out  for exposing the mass rape of young white girls when he continues to work for the Bbc, one of the world's most prolific paedophile rings, when has he ever spoken up for these girls or condemned their Muslim attackers?     
 What? You mean on the land Israel captured from Muhammadans when they tried sneak attacking with combined armies twice, and lost both times. That land is Israeli now. They very kindly let Islamics there govern themselves. I'd have kicked the lot out 45 years ago for complicity. 
 	hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 	Lol oh look another one got locked out of moms basement  
 		That hillbilly in his trash heap? Probably so. 
 Cowardly thug who threatened elderly man with knife and pushed woman to ground jailed - Bristol Live  
 		Big Ben is about 120 miles from Bristol you will need a long rope. 
 		Too far to drive him? Sorry. That's a daily commute for lot of Californians. 
 		Too far to drive him? Sorry. That's a daily commute for lot of Californians. 
 Stop lads.  I posted those cuz he called me a cow and a fat cunt an said white girls are to blame for him not getn laid because we wanna vote or some stupid shite.  I know you all mean well but say nice things or drool quietly, im in a mood now.  Thanks 
 Turnbull will be remembered in historyas what?              
 	Turnbull will be remembered in history as a Labor reject & a Lnp traitor.        
 		Duplicity of Alp and green maggots,is; We sell coal to the world and is about the 3rd highest income, so other poor countries can have power cheaply, we are insane so is that Creepy Thurdbull cunt the Moslim cock sucker 
 Extremely Important!   Robert Bowers did have a Twitter account too.  So they can't single out Gab.   r1es  37s38 seconds agoMore  Boy, Robert Bowers Twitter () was quickly erased. Hope his  account history is saved. 
 	He was a vile, piece-of-shit anti-semite. Thousands more just like him on Gab.  It's a real problem.   
 		They're on Twitter and Facebook too.  Difference is, stay vigilant here and report if you see valid threats. Torba will report them to Fbi if it's a real threat.    
 			Honestly, I’m tired of Gab.  I spend more time muting anti-semites, wannabe Nazis, and complete whack-job conspiracy theorists just to name a few. It’s just not worth the effort any more.  And now that the rabid anti-semites are murdering innocent people at baby naming ceremonies, I need to move on. 
 					You’re a vile piece of human shit. Fuck off. 
 						You are a good Npc!  You use the same Retarded comeback all the time!  That is because you are intellectually incapable of any original thought!  You are just a zombified unconscious gullible moron! 
 Fuck! The nigger golfers are kneeling too? 
 This is why we don't need "based nigger in a maga hat" types 
 White man cancer survivor thrown out of gas station (((News))) yawns.   But if it was a kike or nigger oy vey nation wide coverage, racist white ppl.    
 The fuck is with this shit cunt website constantly logging me out and giving me some generic newsfeed of normalfaggotry?   Bottom Text 
 Reeeeeeee!   "My 15 yr old high schooler just came home with this bullsh!t. In South Carolina. This ain't California - this is the Bible belt & Mama Ain'T Happy."   Reeeeeeee!    
 	Obzeen stands with Gingerbread nigger person 
 I long for combat faggot 
 Alert  Israel's Evil Assault on Khan Al Ahmar -     We are witnessing before our eyes an act of consummate evil by  as it engages in the ethnic cleansing of  from Khan al Ahmar - America, the media is totally silent             
 	swedes are faggots who prefer sucking muzzie dicks 
  Have you ever seen this technique for building a hollandaise where you whisk solid butter into the yolks while tempering?  I was shocked, it does appear to work.     
 	You cook, too, R'abbi? Nice. Oh shit waaaaitttt! Meat and eggs on the same plate! Kosher alarm! Aaugh I'll never go to another seder of yours. You must be Reform lmao. 
 		Our nigger cook seems to be proud of the dish he's prepping. And they say those nogs are the same species as White humans. No. Cro-Magnon and Neanderthal and more modern man could interbreed, too. But diff species. Looks like he doubled down on the Texas Pete- 
 I have been smashing Commies from the start get some.   You have been crying racist garbage that you hide and never say in public because you are a Weak, Sad Little Man. Most of you "Nazis" are just Left-tard losers pretending to be racist on gab and twitter to make Trump supporters look bad & to try to justify your sad lonely existence. If not you are a 0.000001% idea 
 		Weak sad little man pretending to exist. Enjoy fading from existence with your loser nothing 0.00001% friends you are a joke  
 		I went to Berkeley. I didn't see you there pussy. Wtf have you ever done in your life to prove you are not the: will never be nothing loser you are? Name just 1 thing without crying any more. You have never said any of your racist loser garbage in public ever you little bitch.  Name just 1 thing right now without crying loser go>: 
 Retard Outwits Captors    
 Circa 2013ish I posted about being a dyke raised southern baptist with my sunday school teacher mother. The whole thing freaked both of us out, don't act on it you're fine, etc. to eventual acceptance. I thought it was a touching story of how a mother's love could conquer anything.  I was told by Them that she deserved to be killed brutally for 'what she did to me' 
 		It's a retard troll.  Look at the page.  It just agitates everyone that responds to it.   
 False Flag Planned By Democrats Before The Midterms!  From Twitter and supposedly by Q 
 		Lol 
 		QFag has been wrong since day 1, lol, his believers are liberals and should be treated as such. 
 how many jews have pagans burned at the stake ?  
 	How many whites have christians burnt at the stake? 
 		well technically none.  a whole heap of heretics but  sort of no christians whatsoever.  ex christians sure. torched loads of them. 
 			So none of the white heretics & white pagans you guys burnt at the stake, & massacred were white . 
 				Bit strange that he/she claims no Christians too. A whole heap of the people burned alive and hanged for witchcraft during the Protestant Reformation were Catholics. 
 						Yeah bro, they got rekt! 
 							And these are the people on here that rag on white Christian's, while pretending to be in tune with their pagan faggot viking cuck god 
  
 		Nigger  Looks Like He Got Nigger  Aids 
 With nigger teachers is manslaughter 
 	It’ll be trump vs Biden, calling it now 
 	It’ll be trump vs Biden, calling it now 
 There isn't a statement more Npc than this.         
 	You forgot to mention Tony Jones is a cunt and Q&A is a far left extremist program 
 Drivers spend 2 Days a year waiting at traffic lights.    They could soon be removed from Uk roads, thanks to new technology being developed by Ford.     
 	I can't stand the traffic lights which just change on a timer - no traffic around yet you're stuck at lights till they change !  It's also a waste of money, as more electricity is used that way 
 		We have a very busy traffic-lighted roundabout round our way that's a massive twat for tailbacks in all directions. The lights all broke down a few weeks ago and I've never seen the traffic so free-flowing. Common sense does still exist and is the far superior option, Imo. 
 		We have a very busy traffic-lighted roundabout round our way that's a massive twat for tailbacks in all directions. The lights all broke down a few weeks ago and I've never seen the traffic so free-flowing. Common sense does still exist and is the far superior option, Imo. 
 Funny thing normal folk. There are NatSocs on here and real cultural Marxists like  and   But you never see them arguing with each other do you. Always with normal folk like you and me.   I have a theory.   NatSocs and Marxists both follow feeble socialist ideologies with fragile minds & egos. They worry that if they argue together they might start listening to the other and possibly even convert. But there's no chance they will convert to being normal like us.   What do you reckon? :) 
 	Observing who does not engage/agrue with who is a useful idea. It will tell you something, especially when you would think they have something to argue about. 
 		Indeed Reverend. In a year I've never seen a NatSoc have an argument with one of the real cultural Marxists on here. In fact some of them even team up to have a go at me. I've brought Marxists and Nazis together. I'm a peace broker lol 
 			Now we got a real bit of quality comedy on Gab. Cater=Peace Broker. I once got ripped to shreds for an analysis of Far Left/Marxism=Modern Nazism.This was about a year ago on Reddit. Now the theory seems  more common or at least aired in public more. They sure don't like it, do they?  
 				Lol Your analysis is totally correct and more and more people are realising it. The Left thrives purely on jealousy and hatred of normal folk. Brighter ones go to uni and get infected with Marxist socialism. The dimmer ones live in trailer parks and are self-infected with National Socialism to blame blacks and gay for their own failure. Both lots hate Jews who are quite successful. NatSocs here like Corbyn. Only the Left like that twat lol 
 				Lol Your analysis is totally correct and more and more people are realising it. The Left thrives purely on jealousy and hatred of normal folk. Brighter ones go to uni and get infected with Marxist socialism. The dimmer ones live in trailer parks and are self-infected with National Socialism to blame blacks and gay for their own failure. Both lots hate Jews who are quite successful. NatSocs here like Corbyn. Only the Left like that twat lol 
 If everyone else jumped off a bridge would you be the only faggot who didn't? 
 Allowed on Twitter!    Post is still up 15+Hrs and counting.      
 	That's ridiculous. :/ I expect nothing less from the fairy gay faggot called Jack Dorsey. 
 Austria  -  An advertisement of the Austrian Federal Railways and its customer railway card. It reads: For mother, father, partners or friends who are traveling with children. Is that what Austria looks like now? Sickening propaganda trying to normalize sexual deviant behavior. 
 			U guys notice many faggot wear brown pants? Almost like they trying to cover some shxt, u know? 
 Healthy Conversation? Twitter Takes No Action as Louis Farrakhan Calls Jews ‘Termites’    
 	Good Nigger ! 
 I can't look at this dry cunt any more.  
 South Africa - Suidlanders   South Africa will be like Zimbabwe, but more.    Suidlanders Media    
 		No, only the Severely Retarded get the job. 
 1/ This Npc meme is the new thing on Gab and everyone loves it, apparently.  If you don't know, it's the new practice of showing ppl with "smiley face" characteristics (ex, two dots for eyes, rather than actual eyes) to denote how they're all the same and interchangeable.  The meme indicates that everyone on the left who mouths their slogans are just like Npcs. 
 	actually it is just a decent and thought out retort of the "Russian Bot" trope.  But you are probably too stupid to understand that. 
 		He just admitted he's using the same logic as the left, thus making me right again. 
 						Why, so I can be like you? 
 						Why, so I can be like you? 
 Just awful. And when I think that there are some people here on  who are probably happy about this it makes me sick. Then there's the "false flag" crowd going full retard on this tragedy. Why can't people just offer condolences to fellow Americans who have suffered the deadly attack of a madman.  In a better world, the anti-Semites of Gab would examine their worldview and whether the hate they drag around with them is worth it; but, alas, I think we all know that's not the world we live in.   
 Just awful. And when I think that there are some people here on  who are probably happy about this it makes me sick. Then there's the "false flag" crowd going full retard on this tragedy. Why can't people just offer condolences to fellow Americans who have suffered the deadly attack of a madman.  In a better world, the anti-Semites of Gab would examine their worldview and whether the hate they drag around with them is worth it; but, alas, I think we all know that's not the world we live in.   
 The Kanye effect     
 	This is Great   The Left tries to intimidate us, harass us, bully us, censor us so that we are afraid to publicly support Potus. When that doesn’t work, Antifa goons can try to bloody us.   Look what Kanye’s courage has done 
 		It honestly saddens me to read some of the disgusting comments below regarding the fellow patriots above.  Ignorant racist fools.  
 			Give a nigger an inch, it’ll take a foot, and then you won’t have a leg to stand on.  
 Why are people acting psyched over getting the emergency test text? 
 	Q people are retarded but its probably true. That shit was the only way to get NPCs and boomers on board enough so they at least grasp what is going on. There was never enough of us, we were too woke and we lost momentum. They needed to use stupid tricks.  They are ready to bring the hammer down. 
    - So then you must have bounced that faggot off the roof of the bar. Whoever cleaned up the resulting splatter below should wash his hands thoroughly in hot soapy water. 
 I am not a Nazi, I do not support Nazis and I am very Pro-Israel. If any of this offends you Please Mute me and unfollow me. 
 	Fucking Jew Loving Faggot Get Off Gab 
 	This faggot hairdresser from Canada needs to be in Jail.  
 Bring it on faggot  
 This faggot  would if you're a jew 
 That twit's twat has seen more traffic than the Holland Tunnel.I can't keep up! And you can be Moneypenny anytime you want. 
 Liberalism is a Disease and the Cancer of America    HomeGrown Terrorism is the DemonCrap Party     Pray for the Kavanaugh Family    Wtfu 
 	Only  One  Problem  1. It'S Totally   Fake Bs     
 		Sad deal there,,, to have retarded idiots as neighbors this demented,,,  over the city cutting down a hazardous rotten tree. Why didnt the neighbors do anything a year before to save it?  as quoted: They didn't miss a spot. The stone, the concrete, the stucco, my door. Everything.was Hit with paint.   ***Thanks for the great link to this case 
 	I had no idea! 
 	I had no idea! 
 Bill admitted to his mistress of sleeping with 2000 women before the age of 40. Then there's all the women he sexually abused or had affairs with once he became a politician. Makes you look at Hillary having the twat of a diseased yak because Bill sure steered clear of it. I always see that image whenever I see Hillary.  
 Sunday Express: Patrick Minford on the Chancellor's budget.   The problem is Herr Hammond: EUphile, pessimistic.   Likely to produce a palliative for . 
 	Every time he has compiled a budget, he has tried to tax the people who are just starting up in business - the Very people a government should be supporting.  We Need people with a trade - what does he do - tax white vans & deisel.  He wants Britain to fail ! 
 		Philistine Hammond is a treacherous cunt like his boss. 
 I can't believe I have to explain the nuances of a fairy tale to a grown-ass woman, but here goes.  Snow white couldn't give consent cause she was unconscious, due to a witch's curse. A curse that could only be broken by the Prince's kiss.  Lets take a poll. Ladies, would you rather remain unconscious forever, or be awoken by the kiss of a handsome prince? 
 	You know you're dealing with grade A level retard when Disney films are the topic of discussion.  
 I don't really get why people shit on tax cuts.    I used the extra money to produce a white child.   When life hands you lemons, you make lemonade. When Trump and the Gop hand you your own money, you secure the existence of your people and a future for white children. 
 		I think I took the GrahamCracker, this is why he hated the fuck out of the Tea Party and delighted in crushing them. 
 		I think I took the GrahamCracker, this is why he hated the fuck out of the Tea Party and delighted in crushing them. 
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					Christarinsanity has a eunuch problem.Christarinsanity turns White men in to the field nigger of the Jew. Suck that jew dick, Christard! Suck is hard, and swallow! 
 Remember fellas. Any asshole with a gun and and a death wish can shoot up a synagogue and spend the rest of his life in prison, but only people with political power can expel the race of traitors from our continent. 
 	And how is political power gained? By assholes with guns and a death wish. Millions of them. 
 		  well how about you go out and show us how its done rather than just singing nigger music and telling others to do your dirty work? no? well how about you knock it off and leave it up to the adults.  
 	I believe Keela. Dogs don't lie. 
 		The apartment was also cleaned very well and the fridge/freezer taken to the waste disposal centre by Gerry. In a rented apartment taking it upon yourself to dispose of the fridge/freezer sure is an interesting action. 
 		It could be an episode of the twilight zone - a proper weird one.  
 		It could be an episode of the twilight zone - a proper weird one.  
 	 
 		Racists divide their host country into separate parts, we are brothers of the same blood way deep down the line in the genetic code, stop dividing us 
 				   Also,  are Not . Many Jews have Nigger  in their ancestry.  And those Jews who do not have Nigger in them, are still in support of the (((global crime syndicate))) lead by , with its Hq in . 
 	Even if you're against "Shall Not Censor" laws, at least there needs to be some sort of antitrust legislation to prevent the coordinated deplatforming of alternative sites. 
 	Even if you're against "Shall Not Censor" laws, at least there needs to be some sort of antitrust legislation to prevent the coordinated deplatforming of alternative sites. 
  retard Cuomo   Hype over    
 The retards are so cute with their insults!  When you are not intellectually capable of debate, character assassinate. Standard procedure I assure you for the intellectually deficient.  Are you somehow insinuating that Jews are worth more than a fingernail?  Jews are Retarded and obviously incredibly inferior sub human beasts.  To not believe that would mean you don't look at Facts!  
 We are already out of time.  Unless a legitimate wall is built and the mass deportation of millions of invaders begin, all else will fail.   By numbers alone, the native population will be a shadow of itself in very short course.    Drastic action is required, or set sail back to the ether. 
 		It is a crisis. nigger sand other non-whtes use the QWhite peoples taxes to breed mor inferiors of their kind. We end up takng finacial cade of theses inferior vermin. 
 	So-called "actress" Ellen Barkin (and all leftist vermin) should be removed - From Earth! 
 	Once again an irrelevant former Hollywood liberal that's looking for work spews ome bullshit. Stop Acknowledging Them! 
 	Ellen Barkin Just Made A Serious Threat Against Potus. Will she be visited by secret service? we'll see 
 	Ellen Barkin Just Made A Serious Threat Against Potus. Will she be visited by secret service? we'll see 
 Just saw a Jewish name in triple parenthesis on Tucker Carlson. 
 	Don't believe me? 16:05 into this video you will see triple parenthesis on Fox News!    
 			I'll headbutt you, faggot 
  
 	The problem is that this is a serious violation of the 4th Amendment.  It may sound good but there's a damned very good reason we should Never get back into this kind of policing.  Maybe the new Supreme Court Justice will have to teach the President a little about the Constitution when the first case comes up about it.  First they do it in Chicago, then a bunch of hillbilly towns start doing it elsewhere. then pretty soon every cop out there will be patting people down whenever they feel like it.  Just like unconstitutional gun confiscation Before for due process, and outlawing bumpfire stocks by rewriting the regulations by Executive Order, frisking people when you feel like it is against the Constitution. 
 		I agree, the stop and frisk always has me torn. Because it is a violation. 
 		Yeah, I'm typically one who jumps on what seems to be a good idea, but feels kind of stupid when someone points out a simple fact about it.  Stop & Frisk will, unfortunately, be misused for all types of stops, and sooner than later, old white guys like me will be getting patted down for no reason.  I'm a retired former police officer and even back then I followed the Constitution as far as illegal search & seizure laws were concerned.  Let the punks in Chicago shoot it out until they're all dead, then increase the police force to about 5 times more than what's currently there, so the innocent people there can live a little safer life.  Violating the Constitution to stop crime is a dumb idea. just enact Martial Law in Chicago, throw Rahm Emanuel into the street, then let the militia move in and clean the town out of the bad guys. 
 		Yeah, I'm typically one who jumps on what seems to be a good idea, but feels kind of stupid when someone points out a simple fact about it.  Stop & Frisk will, unfortunately, be misused for all types of stops, and sooner than later, old white guys like me will be getting patted down for no reason.  I'm a retired former police officer and even back then I followed the Constitution as far as illegal search & seizure laws were concerned.  Let the punks in Chicago shoot it out until they're all dead, then increase the police force to about 5 times more than what's currently there, so the innocent people there can live a little safer life.  Violating the Constitution to stop crime is a dumb idea. just enact Martial Law in Chicago, throw Rahm Emanuel into the street, then let the militia move in and clean the town out of the bad guys. 
 Race is the root.  Culture is the bloom.  You cannot have Western Civilization without white people.   Right now, Whites (European-descended people) are only 7% of the world's population.  We need our own ethno-states to survive.              #Q    
 	                
 		Those nigger blooms are weeds.  I pull them out by the roots and let them rot in the African Compost Heap. 
 Leftists are freaked out by the  meme for good reason: It describes them in one little hashtag - and they Hate it!     
 	they refuse to acknowledge the behaviour that led to the creation of the meme. I have not yet found a leftist that is not a complete retard on this meme. 
 Emmanuel (want a dick lick) Wadl. ready to be ruined by a real faggot and not like you a wannabe faggot?  
 Breaking: Dating app for Trump supporters leaked its entire database of users on the day of its launch - TechCrunch 
 	as if any of them is far right enough for me. 
 		>wanting women with political views 
 			she has to have enough to not be deceived by jews and their push towards infidelity, nigger culture and 3rd wave feminism, yes.  
 lol this faggot still being a kike eh? 
  
 	We Stand With  And His Family.Bk Will Be Confirmed.   Stupid Dems, Now Will Come The Super Butt Hurt Wait For It. 
 			Kim, I muted   earlier today. 
 			Kim, I muted   earlier today. 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		Love this 
 		Love this 
     Amjem to promote his new book on sky. Wankers. 
 	I still remember the expose the daily fail did of him about his 'Uni' days at Portsmouth Poly where he got his bachelors in Law. It was full of pics of him drinking strongbow (pisswater for piss weak fuckwits), smoking weed or was it hash, looking at porno mags (Remember them fellas?) and that he went by the name of 'Andy'. Stupid cunt became a parody of himself and everything he allegedly hates before he became a full time tosser who should be out out of the public's misery. Was he trolling himself at an early age? That's some fourth wall breaking shit right there my friend! 
 	I still remember the expose the daily fail did of him about his 'Uni' days at Portsmouth Poly where he got his bachelors in Law. It was full of pics of him drinking strongbow (pisswater for piss weak fuckwits), smoking weed or was it hash, looking at porno mags (Remember them fellas?) and that he went by the name of 'Andy'. Stupid cunt became a parody of himself and everything he allegedly hates before he became a full time tosser who should be out out of the public's misery. Was he trolling himself at an early age? That's some fourth wall breaking shit right there my friend! 
 	 
 		Ha Ha Ha Jew boy. 
 	Is there anything of value in Amierca that was created by any Poc? 
 	Is there anything of value in Amierca that was created by any Poc? 
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 Even Craigslist is censoring conservative ideas. They only allow ideas that support retarded leftism to be posted in their politics forum. 
 Even Craigslist is censoring conservative ideas. They only allow ideas that support retarded leftism to be posted in their politics forum. 
 	   - "Hate crime" is the new spice on the faggot menu. The actual Truth is that their very existence is a hate crime, 
 Twitter Suspends Influential Black Female Trump Supporter’s Account After She Announces She Is Attending Tpusa Event in Washington Dc    @a     
 	Why do you have a nigger fetish? 
 Jetzt hackt's endgültig aus.   Zusätzlich zum Einsatz von schwer geschützten Gefechtsfahrzeugen, fernsteuerbaren Waffenstationen, Maschinengewehren, Sturmgewehren und Granaten wird die deutsche Polizei, hier die Landespolizei Nrw, zukünftig standardmäßig ballistische Gefechtshelme in ihren Einsatzfahrzeugen mitführen. Der Hoplit F1100H soll Vollmantelgeschosse mit Flüssigkern vom Kaliber 7,62x39 (Kalaschnikow) aufhalten und zugleich den Träger vor einem tödlichen Trauma bewahren können.   So langsam sind wir an dem Punkt angelangt, in welchem die Polizeikräfte zumindest infanteristisch schlagkräftiger als die Streitkräfte ausgerüstet sind. Krank, nur noch krank.    
 		Are you going to go suck on a bloody babies dick like your faggot ass hero Rabbis do? Just asking! 
 	andrew, shut up 
 		Cunt you say takes one to know one Cunt 
   Why do you lie so much Rolia Kay?People know you're fucked up. And you're a dirty whore. As a Private Investigator I have access to plenty of resources. Address,Phone numbers ,(tmobile), lWhere you shop. you finally pissed off the wrong person here on . Posted too many lies. How are those pink shelves working for you? They need dusting. 
 		     
 		     
 22,000 votes  
 	Wonder if this little faggot knows he'd be one of the first to have his head removed in front of the people he loves if the muslim scum were in power? 
 	The sheer level of spastic poop-flinging and face-bashing and ranting and gnashing of the teeth amongst the Msm that Kanye is causing. that alone is worth its weight in comedic gold. 
 				I guess Msm are taking their cue from the French -calling Marine Le Pen mentally unstable and demanding she go for treatment. Calling a woke black person a house nigger or an Uncle Tom is so worn out -even they know it -but they still reflexively go there. 
 I wouldn't know since I'm white, just like you wouldn't know about that, since you're a faggot Muzzie. 
 When those puppy could of livers to how ever old had puppy of there own put because of these evil cunt I hope you not just get caught but in prison but I've to see them dead fill sorry for the owner of thoese puppy and them to 
 	Never.Never trust a nigger 
 she's a retarded liberal cunt 
 This retarded twat, along with any other abusers of the 2nd amendment, are not fit to represent the citizens and the constitution of the Usa. 
 Oh my god! I hope the proper authorities arrest the criminals who received these bombs!    
 	Gab collective: We hate George Soros! We hate Barack Obama! We hate Hillary Clinton! Their time is coming!  *all mentioned above receive bomb packages*  Gab collective: False flag! We would never do this! 
 		Litteral faggot ^^^ 
 	McGregor is a punk.  
 		McGregor is the worst fucking kind of punk. Runs his faggot mouth and can’t  back it up l, fucking punk.  
 Why is it every time something like this happens no one grabs the attacker by their neck and rips their lips off their face or shoves their nose into their brain? Why aren't people breaking these people's legs the fuck off?   Why are people not defending themselves? Do you have any idea how much fun it would be to beat the Aids out of this faggot after seeing an attack like this and be justified in doing it?   Please, Lord, let me see something like this happen while I'm minding my own business. Please.    
  I have not given up, i am making a sacrifice too insure the helpless and disabled are not forgotten. i am considering other options 
 	Thank you for looking out for your fellow Americans! The country needs more strong partriots like you! God bless 
 		Am I overlooking something or have you done anything to actually stop and reverse Islamisation of the West? Such as:  - deport all Muslims from West and sanction those Govs who fail to do so  - close all mosques, ban all Islamic prayers & outfits  - emphasise that Islam violates Us Constitution and should be held unconstitutional in Us and all Western democracies 
 			This stuff takes time and planning. As much as it needs to be done, optics and being tactful go a long way in the political world. Don't worry and trust the plan! 
 				Geesh, talk about nuclear.  If you do it like that all you do is to get their backs and defenses up, even if you could do it like that.  Follow the plan, throw up the frisbees and while they're chasing frisbees you go in the backdoor and make those lemons into lemonade. 
 					Obama That Fuckin Jumped Up Porch Monkey Jungle Bunny Spear Chucker Yard Ape Jumped Up Nigger Was Nothing But A Country Hater.Do Not Vote For His HOLDoVER Buddies.They Will Continue Their Leaders Agenda! 
 A Satanist in Toronto decided to respek wamman by delivering a roundhouse kick to a woman who thinks it's bad to murder babies. His parents named him Jordan Hunt, but he shall forever more be known as: 
 	Needs a good beating 
 		As long as it's permanent and sends him to meet his faggot lover Satan. 
 		You’re proof positive that trumpsters are retards- not just stupid, but full on mentally retarded sheep. Sheep are only good for sheering and slaughtering. 
  
 		almost as dumb as the idiots who voted for him. Twice! hahahahahahhahahaa 
 		almost as dumb as the idiots who voted for him. Twice! hahahahahahhahahaa 
 Jim Acosta is acting very emotional & he's extremely fixated on Trump. Jim's proven he's willing to say things that he knows are false in order to hurt him. Now, he's running around acting like he's in danger. His job puts him close to Trump. Could this emotional, malicious & damaged man decide to "act" on these perceived threats?   He should be kept away. 
 	he's a faggot 
 	tell us the backstory,please 
 		From the earliest days of Gab there was a verified user called    He would post inane memes with a picture of his goofy face and Bible verses or platitudes and they would trend with 500+ votes.   He was obviously running an upvote botnet. As Gab's users dwindled he eventually stopped. Day after Torba's wedding he returns with bot upvoted crap.   I called him out. 
 			Ah, The  Internecine Feuds. 
 				Torba being friends with a botnet operating spammer who is gaming Gab to pump his garbage into popular posts is kind of a big deal. 
 		(cont) I deduced that he was a personal friend of Torba's who had attended the wedding in real life, and that relationship explained the blue checkmark for a non-pro account that used a fake name that was never big on Twitter.   I kept hammering away at him until he first deleted his entire timeline to cover up the bot upvotes, then suicided his entire account. 
 		(cont) I deduced that he was a personal friend of Torba's who had attended the wedding in real life, and that relationship explained the blue checkmark for a non-pro account that used a fake name that was never big on Twitter.   I kept hammering away at him until he first deleted his entire timeline to cover up the bot upvotes, then suicided his entire account. 
 Trump called Maxine Waters "a low Iq individual" 
 	Maxine Waters is such a dumb nigger she tells ppl she lives on the corner of Walk and Dont Walk. She took an Iq test and the results were negative    
 	Is it normal to not have a fuckin' clue who the fuck and what? 
 	Reminder that mainstream media coverage of the Proud Boys is basically indistinguishable from that of the Traditionalist Worker's Party or David Duke or whatever. Criticizing people to the right of you for brownie points is so obviously futile that you have to be willfully in denial of reality to even bother trying it. 
 	"I completely destroyed my credibility and the left still doesn't appreciate me" 
 	"I completely destroyed my credibility and the left still doesn't appreciate me" 
  Two men in Tennessee charged for sexually assaulting 9 month old 
 	All they did was engage in typical nigger behavior.  Niggers cannot and will not live by the White man's rules/expectations.  
 recent Cbs sunday morning segment   . . Rebecca Traister . . Why Women Anger Dismissed   this is a snap shot 1:48 into this short segment   . . notice who is to the right side of Hildabeast   so does this Ford Biotch still look so innocent ?   . . I think not . . truth be known   entire Cbs sunday morning segment . . short 2:44    
 	Did they trot this old cunt out again? 
 Faggot Vs Faggot   Bomb Ff Blows Up In Shep The Cucks Face   Fuse Lit By Chris Wallace    
 	2nd Amendment says nothing about ex-convicts or lunatics like you. 
 		fuck off faggot nigger 
 Check out my new song   "NiteMare Flow"-  
 		ill piss on ur swazy in front of ur bitch ass then make u kiss my feet bahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  
 		ill piss on ur swazy in front of ur bitch ass then make u kiss my feet bahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  
 Obama Endorses Socialist Superstar Ocasio-Cortez   In the article there is a list of midterm candidates that Obama has endorsed   You should stay far away from Anybody that Obama endorses. Make sure you Don'T vote for them, but I'm sure most of you already knew that Lol       
 	Of course Obama loves this communist cunt because he's also a communist.  
 Ohhhhhh now I get it! 
 	They all look retarded And evil to me!  
 So in other words you’re a faggot that can’t handle people expressing a different perspective. Every time I defend Christians some piece of shit like you makes me regret it.  
 Man Arrested In Connection To Suspected Explosive Packages   
 	Florida Man - so cliche 
 		"Florida Man" is a meme because the southern half of the state is such a broken, disjointed, confused, diverse, non-cohesive place.   "Florida Man" is the natural result of diversity. 
 			 growing up in Florida I can confirm the craziness. and do my best to control mine.  
 				You sealed the deal with Fl being bonkers when you told me about cow chip bingo.    Buncha weirdos down there with their mayonnaise sammiches & community cow shitting games. 
 					The cow chip is to cover the smell of rotting corpses under each number.        Weirdos! I resemble that remark!  
 						Oi! Yeah we're pretty fucked down here. It's either redneck mayo sandwiches or gangbanger latinos or negroid ghettos. So, honestly, it's like any other state just with palm trees. Oh and old people. 
 Hello gab, diving into the unknown here. Just looking to get away from the Sjw rubbish on twitter.   
 	Welcome to . U can  call ppl nigger faggots without getting banned.if u want to of course. 
 This idiot deserves all he gets!    Being drunk is no excuse! I have been blind drunk in Thailand, more times than I can remember, but I didn't go around desecrating ancient monuments! 
 	They should at least give him a toothbrush, make the cunt scrub away the retardation that he has scrawled all over the ancient monument. If he can't even bother doing that, I would not care if he mysteriously vanished and reappeared in the black market organ trade as "truly divided individual". 
 	The nigger a;ways complains and whines.The nigger is worthless. 
 nigger woman's the worst driver 
 The insanity of an ideology. 
 	Uh.that kid is going to grow up NatSoc you dumb cunt ! 
 Trump = Jewish   Trump = Zionist   Trump = Israel First   Americans = retarded 
 Report: Google exec has meltdown on Twitter,  
 		Cunt try it im sure some white women will kick your fucking head in. You pantifa cunt  
 I thought that name was familiar. This twat is absolutely insane. And she's a professor at Georgetown.  
 Never saw or read anything Harry Potter. Glad I didn't once I found out what a horrible twat Jk Rowling is. She never saw a dime from me.  
  
 	Stop licking vaginas.filthy dyke 
 Gab went retarded for a minute so here's some more space invaders 
 Coming To A School Near You?   Six-year-old British school children are taught to write same-sex "Love Letters".   You’re Prince Henry, said the teacher. You’re going to tell Thomas why it’s a brilliant idea for him to marry you.    
 	the Uk should change to the Rk. Retarded Kingdom  
 Snivelling quisling disgusting coward. Sling the cunt out and take his pension & his knighthood off him.   
 Brazilians are finding out just how retarded American left-wing celebrities are:    
 My wife has a degree in English and a Masters in secondary Education. Then married a half hillbilly half Texan was enlightening. 
 Are any other iOS developers interested in working on an iOS app for Gab, now that the Api is open? 
 	Hahaha go ahead, beat your head against that wall.  Spend a thousand hours developing only to have the app banned in 5 minutes. 
 		I've thought about that. I think developing in small increments is best. First put out a small and bare bones app (with limited capabilities) in 2 weeks. If it's not banned, then continue to work on it and make it more full featured.  
 				Trump loves Tim Cook. Who else did Trump invite to the Tech Summit?  What is The Deal that Trump Made with his masters?   Who did Trump reserve a front row seat for and why?   What is the Ninth Circle Satanic Cult?   What is the Sphinx Head?  What is the Foundation for The Mark of the Beast? 
 				Trump loves Tim Cook. Who else did Trump invite to the Tech Summit?  What is The Deal that Trump Made with his masters?   Who did Trump reserve a front row seat for and why?   What is the Ninth Circle Satanic Cult?   What is the Sphinx Head?  What is the Foundation for The Mark of the Beast? 
 ok does sand nigger make you feel better  
 2 am and my nigger neighbors are chimping out. 
 Mark Levin Corrects Cnn's Don Lemon: ‘First Amendment Does Not Protect’ Right to ‘Trespass,’ ‘Harass Someone’    
 	Shame Mark Levin is still a faggot turbo cuck (((lawyer))).  
 	 
 	Total globalist creep. 
 	I'm glad he's out of the closet.  He was making Christians look bad to young people. 
 	Love Salvini and Orban. Bono is behaving like the rich man he is and making fun of us who live in the real world, he's welcome to make a switch with me for a month  without his gards. 
 		Bet he doesn't sell much music in Ireland anymore.  
 		Hope not!  
 		He's been saying bad things at his concerts about one of swedens best politicians too, calling him a nazi. Bono is lost. 
 		I would not be surprised If Boner could not wipe his own ass without at least 12 burly dudes, all standing ready in case something happens. You don't need guns when you have people carrying guns for you, that normal people have a harder time defending themselves might have slipped his mind. 
 	Wont be suprised if it comes out he is a pedophile 
 	Diversity is our weakness!  
 	 
 	It is now! 
 	Sounds to me like Bbc gardening again. They love putting plants among their audiences to create the agendas they want to promote and of course the extreme left wing paper, The Daily Mirror, loves to help them out.  
 	Confused logic. 
 	 
 	The whole continent is incredibly racist against Gypsies compared to Americans' attitude about any race. 
 	The whole continent is incredibly racist against Gypsies compared to Americans' attitude about any race. 
 		She's being used as propaganda for the New Order. 
 	 Are they going to turn it into a reality tv show as well? 
 		Ffs don't give them any ideas. :P 
 		Ffs don't give them any ideas. :P 
 Jim Carrey is a Canadian Faggot needs his pee head blown off 
    it is all political 
 	There's absolutely no comparison. One if a beautiful luscious babe.the other is a nasty fuckin nigger 
    Former Aclu Vice President: The Aclu Now Doesn’T ‘Believe In ANYTHInG OTheR Than The Resistance 
 	he be nigger he be cotton pickin dumb 
 Kavanaugh   The media does not take sides.    (H/T Stephen Miller) 
 		Best response still "happy to clear up the cuntfusion" 
 			Twat was that? I cunt hear you   Please stop womantagonizing me 
 Remove niggers from the test pool brings up the average score?  I wonder what would happen if nigger murderers are removed from the crime stats? 
 		  Ummm dude, reread my post again, do you know what 'Hook Nose' is in reference of? trust me, I'm not talking about blacks 
 Fake news. Fake bombs. Fake outrage. Fake refugees. Fake Native & African Americans. It's the Democratic way.   Becky Look at her Bot 
 	Rachel just makes me laugh. She's like a retarded side-show Bob. Snort guffaw. That must hurt. your entire life becoming a joke. Sad.  
 		Is he legit queer? I googled it, sorta misleading  
 		In my opinion he sloben ze knobben. 
 		Lol, yup 
 		Lol, yup 
 Here is your Socialism    And Your     If you cant Tell who this from the back your dummer than I thought   Its Che Guevara   Murdering Girls -     2 Girls Dead on the Ground & 2 To Go   video here       left is the     Right is the    
 		Same here, numbers very small. When You're Right You're Right & You'll Always Win The Fight If you insult their intelligence with facts, they eventually start to catch on, their not so quick to act up about something without First learning more about it. To wake up a Libtard I start with simple Visual analogies & move on to Verbal once you get their attention. 
 		Same here, numbers very small. When You're Right You're Right & You'll Always Win The Fight If you insult their intelligence with facts, they eventually start to catch on, their not so quick to act up about something without First learning more about it. To wake up a Libtard I start with simple Visual analogies & move on to Verbal once you get their attention. 
 America is under attack! Picture 2016, Minnesota House of Representatives swearing in hand on Koran. What is she swearing allegiance to? Soon to be elected to Minnesota Congress, no Republican opposition. Pro immigration working hard to import more immigrants to America.Supports sharia law, Hillary Clinton, is a liberal democrat who backs abortion. 
 	Islam, basically the nigger of religions. 
 Kav Protester 
 	mean looking old cunt 
 	 
 	 
  
 	I might be dead, but I will Never take Anything at all offa Any Muzzie 
 Update: Maxine Waters Says She’s Not ‘Scared’ Following ‘Suspicious Package’  
 		what is that anyway, even cnn wasn't stupid enough to be afraid of it.  looks like a dildo and a steelwool pad taped to a vibrator timer. 
 		what is that anyway, even cnn wasn't stupid enough to be afraid of it.  looks like a dildo and a steelwool pad taped to a vibrator timer. 
 Triggered: 'Snl' Star Pete Davidson Attacks 'Mentally Ill' Kanye West    
 	Jew and a nigger 
 Bbc News Pidgin - Anoda woman don die afta 'Brazilian bum-bum' to add extra ikebe  
 	Reading that made my head hurt.how retarded are people that talk like that? 
 	Reading that made my head hurt.how retarded are people that talk like that? 
 Oh brother, protesters are at it in Washington wanting Judge Kavanaugh rejected. Even celebrities are getting involved. This is absolutely retarded of the protesters. Currently watching Fox News. 
 Trans-foods. 
 	Oh do shut up Whole Foods. 
 		Whole foods seem to have gone full retard  
 	Like Onigger? 
 Things that make you go Hmmmm.  Wait.  Ew. 
 	This stupid cunt sure did disappear suddenly  
 Bret Kavanaugh Is a Liar, a Perjurer and Belongs in Jail Instead of on the Supreme Court    
 	No he isn't. He isn't a sexual assaulter either. This is all projection from the pedophiles on the left. 
 		That may be the most retarded thing I have ever heard in my life. 
 Your sick Donny.very sick. You don’t have to like gays but hating them or anyone else is wrong. Be civil. Saying things like this is just a reflection of the ugliness (and possibly repressed homosexual inclinations) within yourself. 
 		Ok well.I've said my piece. You sad sick person :S may you find peace someday. 
 			A faggot calling me "sad" and "sick" Lol Die Of Aids Already Homo! Do The World A Favor And Od On Meth Faggot! 
 When confronted with arrogant imbeciles like you, anger is a normal & natural response. Too bad you're too fucking retarded to comprehend this simple reality. I'm guessing you're an idiot who thinks the normal & natural emotions of anger, rage, & hatred are "mental disorders." 
 faggot 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 			Get a face makeover sissy. You are bagged. 
 			Get a face makeover sissy. You are bagged. 
 Gee, you didn't know that a Jew or the Jew media won't necessarily admit a person is Jewish when they are a krypto (Jews that infiltrate as something else) 
 	Lol, "to some extent."  You're retarded to the full extent.  :D 
  
 	my favourite pic look the babe must be some what torn but is totally enjoying her relationship , but eventually people move on , shes dedicated very admirable  
 		U Stupid Cunt  
 After a Black man murdered a Swedish citizen, the Swedish police asked the public for help identifying him - but they blurred out his face so you couldn’t tell he was Black. 
 		Women need to be send back to the kitchen and nursery 
 #München: 30-jähriger  (2,66 Promille) fasst einer jungen Frau.   
 	Schraipfeela:  Nigger ianer 
 	Schraipfeela:  Nigger ianer 
 Labour Rising Star Mohammed Pappu Accused of Spreading Anti-Israel Conspiracy Theories   Israel staged 9/11, the London bombings and the Paris terrorist attacks, according to social media posts attributed to a rising Labour party star who is personally endorsed by leader Jeremy Corbyn.  Mohammed Pappu, 26, a newly elected councillor in the London borough of Tower Hamlets, was praised by hard-left Jeremy Corbyn last month for his help to create a fair, just and decent society.   However, a report in the Times newspaper paints a different picture of Mr Pappu. The newspaper alleges he publicly shared messages over Facebook accusing Britain of attacking Syria to install a Rothschild bank as well as other posts claiming that Israel had staged 9/11, the London bombings and the Paris terrorist attacks.  Mr Pappu, an Uber driver, also reportedly uploaded a sermon in which he proclaimed The Smurfs and Hallowe’en were demonic and occult-related, therefore should be avoided by observant Muslim families to protect themselves from the burning torment of Hell.   He is backed by the pro-Corbyn Momentum activist group and won the vote to become the black and ethnic minority officer for London Young Labour in February.   In another controversial post over Facebook, he shared a photograph of President Assad of Syria and his wife, Asma, with an illustrative cartoon speech bubble: Why does the West want to invade Syria?   Assad responded: To rob our oil, put in a puppet government and install a Rothschild bank!   He resigned from all his council posts yesterday and apologised unreservedly after the Times confronted him about his digital trail across social media. He also referred himself to the authority’s standards procedure. The national Labour executive is understood to have suspended him pending an investigation.   Mr Pappu is a trustee and former chairman of Soul (Social Organisation for Unity and Leisure), a charity that organises sports activities for children from disadvantaged backgrounds. His Facebook account was intended to be read by children as he used it until at least 2016 for updates on timings, cancellations, kick-offs and training for teams as young as under-tens.   The charity has launched an immediate safeguarding review.   The revelations come just 24-hours after Israel’s ambassador to the Un, Danny Danon, said Mr Corbyn is an anti-Semite who wants to return Britain to dark periods in history.   Mr Corbyn has previously welcomed friends from Hezbollah and Hamas  Islamist terror groups sworn to the destruction of Israel  into parliament and recently admitted attending conferences with Hamas members and a wreath laying at the grave of an anti-Semitic terrorist.   Footage has also surfaced of him comparing the state of Israel to Nazi Germany  a commonly recognised example of anti-Semitism.     
 	Ahhh the street shitter is right! A retard can figure out the Israel and they’re dual minions in our government did 9-11! Do a little research!  
 	Ouch. Looks like back problems to me 
 			Could be wrong, but I heard that the vagina can heal itself and return to it's original state after a certain period of time after birth. 
 			But yeah, breast reduction is stupid. Same with breast implants. If they don't bounce, then they're fake. 
 			But yeah, breast reduction is stupid. Same with breast implants. If they don't bounce, then they're fake. 
 Teen accused of beheading his mother found not guilty.  
 	Machada.gee, sounds like one of Pelosi's 'spark of divinity' wetback boys 
 Obuma Just Endorsed Grandson Of A Terrorist n Soros-Supported Candidate Running Against Duncan Hunter   Ammar Campa-Najjar has received $17,300 in contributions frm board members of the Cair   Duncan Hunter is leading in the polls but this Democrat running against him is a symbol of a trend we’re seeing across America. 
 	ovomit hahahahahahha stupid half nigger total muzzie faggot 
 Some stupid apefirmative action black power nigger is acceptable, but Matt Hale got reject by the bar based on political views. 
  
 		You already have a severe muzzie infestation in Dearbornistan and Flintistan. 
 	well they r (((rootless cospopolitians)))) so i get that they side with other outsiders looknig to score shit and as far as the faggot part goes they do seam like faggots to me so what did u expect   
 Hello, L.A. Child Protective Services, me and my life partner are in the movie business & would like to adopt as many poor abandon Hispanic children as we can, we prefer all boys. 
 	The sooner the California shit hole falls off into the ocean the better. 
 		Faggot 
 tbh, I don't care about man-reasoning anymore. I'm shut out on that end. The internet is idea domain. There are things I want to understand.  I don't care about the personals.  
 	then stop asking him about his semen its gross and he already told u his testicles are about as useless as work boots on a nigger  
 Doesn't this fucking nigger ever finish hiscigarette? 
 sober up faggot. smfh. typical pathetic loser in life who's jealous of the jews. pathetic faggot 
 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Calls for Abolishing Electoral College: ‘Shadow of Slavery’s Power’    
 		you sound like a typical demon-crat using that word. 
 		you sound like a typical demon-crat using that word. 
 Amazing how this continues to happen every weekend. It is almost like Trump's Doj has deliberately turned a blind eye to it     
 	Crying like a nigger doesn't change anything. 
 	The premise of your book is rather convoluted, no?   
 		Nooo! Not at all. I didn't want one of those heavy going political books. Mine is factual, amusing, poignant, worrying, happy. Easy to read. Applies to the whole of the west too. I just use Britain as the example because I know it inside out. Give it a read, you might like some of it :) 
 			I for one thought it was as you just described, enjoyable read  
 					You're welcome, and you're exactly right most political books are a complete borefest yours cuts through all the rubbish and gets to the point all with a breezy style of writing  
 						Haha Agent Marxist Orange tried to read the free Intro on Amazon. Couldn't even manage that without writing his fake review. Then he came on Twitter anonymously bragging that he hadn't read it. Twat forgot he used his real name on the review. I told my 23,500 followers and he was doxed in 5 minutes. Why he's hated me ever since lol 
 							Oh interesting! some people are extremely sad aren't they  
 								Here is Agent Orange's fake review Jan. I present Anthony Crawford of Aylesbury. Thick Marxist twat with a wife and 4 mistakes. I chased him off Gab a couple of months ago. Blocked me on both his Twitter accounts now too lol 
 														Cunt alert. 
 Stop the presses !    is here to tell us about , and what Bernie Sanders says about it.   We’ve officially entered one of the most retarded eras in Us history.    
 Stop the presses !    is here to tell us about , and what Bernie Sanders says about it.   We’ve officially entered one of the most retarded eras in Us history.    
 The Democrats have either won every special election (so far), or severely cut Trump's margin of victory in '16. This doesn't bode well for the midterms.    Imagine the Republicans defied all odds and won a super-majority in both chambers of Congress. What would change for us? Virtually nothing. They'll privatize social security and send our troops to Iran. 
 	The only thing the Gop can hope for is 3-4 senate seats gained and keeping the house. It may happen because the Dems made a big mistake with how they handled the K situation. They angered Gop suburb cucks and got nothing out of it because he will be confirmed anyway.  
 		And you can expect Dem turnout to surge this year.   Trump, idiot that he is, tells his supporters at his rallies that the "blue wave is a myth" and the Gop will crush the midterms, so they shouldn't worry. The exact opposite of what he did in 2016. What a retard 
 		And you can expect Dem turnout to surge this year.   Trump, idiot that he is, tells his supporters at his rallies that the "blue wave is a myth" and the Gop will crush the midterms, so they shouldn't worry. The exact opposite of what he did in 2016. What a retard 
 Mother’s Basement is a fucking retard. He’s even more retarded than me Jesus Fucking Christ man. 
  
 	ugly woman must offer her cunt for refugees ! shitworks are for there. 
 Can someone tell me why I cannot remove this person from following me?   Ankita Singh   . it's a hooker, or something. I removed it once, and now it's back, and I can;t force an unfollow! 
 		I think Andrew and the boyz a tweaking things . Andrew sent something out yesterday that it might be up and down ,,, but ya never know  
 		they've been around for a while. the usual b.s. 
 		they've been around for a while. the usual b.s. 
  
 	. 
 		Christianity is dying all over Europe, and you can't do anything about that. 
 			2 billion christians in Europe silly bollox.  How many pagans.  Apart from hindus? 
 					You ate a jew just attacking christians with paganism.  Europe is christian and will remain so.  There will never be an pagan europe 
 						Your right cause it's going to be fucking Mock Mood muslim cause the weak ass Christian's are giving it up  
 							Side with the jew attacking christians cunt 
 No the ppl that are the cult leaders are not stupid they know exactly what they are doing,,, it's the fucking idiots that follow them that are retarded  
 Opinion piece entered into the Book of Orc   "Because yummy skipper is over, white Americans must make a yeshuva 6 million tiimes"       
 	Ain't it great when the biggest slave owners who also owned and operated every slave ship, put the guilt trip on Yt and tell us we owe reparations? Typical heeb projection of guilt. Meanwhile we've been forced to suck nigger dick and give them endless handouts for more than a century. If anything we should be kicking the Jewish pets back to Apefreaka and enslaving the kikes. 
 	Conversations from 4-5 years ago.    Damn.  Guess the memory still works. 
 	Conversations from 4-5 years ago.    Damn.  Guess the memory still works. 
 He was mentally retarded from the beginning. 
 taken by Russian satellite Elektro-L 
 	Jay, please, please post more of this fake crap. Let the readers know how brainwashed you are and how much you need the fake space industry to prove Earth is an alleged Globe.   Again, again.please! 
 		It's Not fake, nor can you prove it's fake   please, continue letting Gabbers know how ignorant uneducated and retarded you are 
 			Alleged globe  Do people still really believe this flat earth gibberish? Do we not teach physics in those re-education camps we call schools anymore? 
 			Alleged globe  Do people still really believe this flat earth gibberish? Do we not teach physics in those re-education camps we call schools anymore? 
 	I see a gaggle of murderers, rapists, thieves, perverts, pedophiles, pimps, pushers, drug addicts, drunks, violent low-life, low I.Q., parasitic ‘gibsmedat’ dirty smelly black monkey-looking nigger beasts invading white countries with the help of lying, treacherous, nation-wrecking, degenerate jew filth.    
 All that excessive postage. And not even canceled, not even mailed. Hand-delivered.  
 	whats punchy got to say, he bombed the box office on dozens of ocassions, now hes complaining . go back to rutting with your nigger you jew faggot 
 Poll time. Let's see how many NatSocs we can force to lie lol   NatSocs! If you had to move to live in the Middle East permanently with your wife and kids, living totally under your host country's laws and customs, where would you prefer to go? 
 	Israel. Subvert it from the inside, dominate its media, academics, and banking, fling the borders wide open to every nigger and hostile ideology, and remind them every 5 seconds of the Bolshevik Revolution. What better way to show our appreciation but to return the favor? Respect its laws by changing them and respect its people by replacing them. 
 Race-haters on Gab poll. What percentage are shills to damage pro-white causes?    (For added clarity:  Hate is understandable, but ineffective, and a naive too, imo. Know your enemy, but be strategic. Nonstrategic vitriol drives potential sympathizers away. In fact, vitriolic hatred is what a shill might do to taint a movement.)   I don't usually use the word "racist" because it's overly used. I'll use the term "race-hater" to refer to someone who just spews hatred publicly and tactlessly.   Are race-haters on Gab shills that want to taint the otherwise cordial race awareness dialog? What percentage do you think might be shills? Or are they being genuinely vitriolic?   (e.g. You can like in-group preference and ethnostates while not hating others. You can fight wars and not be driven by hatred.) 
 		I'm talking about the vitriol that pushes otherwise sympathetic people away from pro-white causes. 
 		I'm talking about the vitriol that pushes otherwise sympathetic people away from pro-white causes. 
 Phil Robertson, Duck Dynasty 
 	Yeah didn't he adopt a nigger baby? 
 If you want to see tons of proof of what the Lgbt pedo globalist push is doing to sexualize and gender bend Your innocent little kids and grandkids please watch this jaw-dropping 35-minute documentary and share it everywhere online and email it to friends, family, and co-workers.   You won't believe what they show in this video and what is being taught to Your kids and grandkids every single day in schools.   This is being pushed in public and private schools in all 50 U.S states and in Europe, Australia, Russia, Canada, Iceland, and Latin America.    I bet you didn't know (Vader didn't) Planned Parenthood is not just in America it's the number one heavily funded tool used by globalists to keep the worldwide population down or in check, push the toxic feminist ideology (lowers birthrates), and to mass sexualize children under the Ippf (International Planned Parenthood Federation) umbrella who's in over 170 countries.   A pamphlet/book called, 'Happy, Healthy, and Hot' pushed and endorsed by the United Nations says you Don'T have to tell potential sexual partners that you have Hiv, in 'It's Perfectly Normal', and the "It's All One Curriculum' that has and is being given out to tens of millions of children is recommended for kids under ten years old.   In these three pamphlets it shows graphic images of kids and adults masturbating, teaching five-year-olds that masturbation is not harmful, gay sex, in the 'It's All One Curriculum' they use the term "sexual pleasure" 62 times, the term "abortion" is mentioned 112 times and it says "there is no right age to have sex."   Classes now where nine-year-old little girls are taught how to put a condom on a plastic penis.    Here's the link to the 20-page 'Health, Happy, Hot' pamphlet:  chrome-extension://oemmndcbldboiebfnladdacbdfmadadm/     And if you're asking yourself why would the Who, Un, Eu, and Planned Parenthood push this stuff on our innocent kids?   - Money $$$.   - Brainwashing and mind control.    - Creating the next generation of feminazis.   - Population Control.   - Make our societies disease and mentally ill riddled and hateful of the opposite sex.   Pushing this evil agenda means more Std's, more pregnancies, more depression, anxiety, suicides, and mental health issues, and more abortions which means hundreds of billions of dollars to be reaped by globalist owned Big Pharma, hospitals, and Planned Parenthood to sell off baby parts like an assembly line.    68% of all Aids cases in the U.S are with gay men who make up less than 1% of the entire U.S population.    To save our children and our society we must homeschool our kids/grandkids or at the very least get them into some sort of religious-based school until you can homeschool them.           @22TCM                         @a     @       
 	Seen it, no child should have to live it. Thank a Gay President and a Dyke Aspirant to the position. Pure Globalist Fanatics.  
 faggot "free"masonry wannabe spy's 
 These days Twitter isn't even bothering to give a reason for why they're suspending an account. They're slapping people with lifetime bans just because. 
 	yeah  just recently had a new Twat account. Nothing political  it was strictly science topics & nothing  else. It got suspended. What for? Not sure but suspect because I was using a tracking cookie blocker. 
 Antifa !   How did both of them travel to  London ?   Did they share a skateboard together ? 
 	You hate Tommy- we All get that What Exactly is your Problem with Exposing rape squads ? 
 		C'mon you Islamic Cunt ! 
 When will Corey Booker tell the truth about his history of assaulting gay men? 
 	He will lie his ass off. 
 		Oh Bookie the Hookie, well yes he will lie his ass off, doing the jigaboo rapid fire nigger street talk to confuse the people, but on the committee he tries very hard to speak slower than show his true colors. 
 Institutionalized sexual abuse? Yes, Melissa I'm sure Trump is setting up rape factories right now. As soon as Kavanaugh is on the bench I'm sure the Supreme Court will legalize rape. Wtf is wrong with her      
 	Filled with rage? Pay your taxes. you untalented, out of work cunt 
 I'm usually quite measured with my posts on gab, but for some reason today, I'M Fucking Furious.    Taking A Leaf Out Of  Book And Having A Rant!    Following the events of Tommy's trial on Monday there's been the usual crap from Msm, and even in parliament, the dwarf Bercow got on his high horse. But to add insult to this it's been revealed by select committee that a) many returning jihadis aren't being prosecuted, and b) the police are becoming irrelevant.    Yet the state has money to throw away prosecuting a man who has never advocated for violence, said a racist remark or whatever else they conjure up.    Fuck The Government. All Of TheM.    Edit: thought yesterday was Wednesday, hence me saying Monday for Tommy's ''hearing thingy', which was Tuesday. Duh. 
 	Looks like a good ole revolution is needed in the Uk. Feel free to try the same shit on them as they lay down on you. I'm sure there are a few redneck English boys who have an arsenal stashed away. You poor blokes are getting screwed by May and her Muslim posse. Take back what is yours. 
 	Looks like a good ole revolution is needed in the Uk. Feel free to try the same shit on them as they lay down on you. I'm sure there are a few redneck English boys who have an arsenal stashed away. You poor blokes are getting screwed by May and her Muslim posse. Take back what is yours. 
 She isn't saying this in a closed door strategy memo, she's out in the open calling for incivility and extremism. We almost had Antifa in office.  
 	that cunt should be publicly hung for treason, war crimes and murder  
 World Golf Championships being held in China but the best Chinaman in the field is tied for 28th.        
 World Golf Championships being held in China but the best Chinaman in the field is tied for 28th.        
  
 	Wir werden uns noch nach Typen wie Erdogan sehnen, wenn die nächste Million Nigger an Bord kommt! 
 The "Where are the missing Jews?" game goes like this guys.   In 1938 the Daily Express reported there were 14-15 million Jews in the world.   The global Jewish population has only recently hit 14-15 million again.   After 80 years of breeding when all other races populations increased a lot.   Where are the missing Jews?   Ask the NatSocs this and wait for the hilarious fumbling, excuses, re-writing history to try and explain it lol 
 	the world almanac says jewish global population increased from 15.3 million in 1933 to 15.7 million in 1948. 
 		Yes. We've been down this route before too. In 1948 the world was still in turmoil after the War. Europe was in ruins. Refugees all over. The Almanac made an assumption based on normal population growth. No-one could believe millions of Jews had been killed.   Why don't you tell everyone that this error was corrected in the World Alamac 1951 edition?   Something to hide? Quoting known errors to back up your case? 
 			do you have a list of the breakdown of the figures relating to the holocaust, numbers, how killed ? where killed ? where they were from ? all pretty easy to get im sure. i will put the egg timer on. 
 				So now you want me to go through the entire Holocaust to distract from the very simple figures I gave, that even the World Almanac You sent me confirm for 1938.   Where are the missing Jews? :) 
 					no, i want you to put some links up to back up the holocaust figures. pretty basic shit. 
 						Let me try and put this very simply for you.   There's a town of 1000 white people in 1938.   Nazis come along for 5 years during war and hate those white people.   Now the town only has 100 white people left.   The remaining 900 people are no longer Anywhere in the world.   What happened to those 900 people? 
 							let me put this straight to a person who likes to research and debate. do you have a globally recognised easy to access document which (after 75 years im sure things have steadied themselves enough) details information like the amount of jews killed in the holocaust, where they were killed, how they were killed, where they came from ? 
 								You are the most disingenuous twat on here in fact. Sending me figures you know are false, thinking I'd fall for it. Demanding evidence you know was destroyed and doesn't exist in as much detail you want.   Whilst totally ignoring the evidence that does exist, witness testimony, even from Ss guards themselves.   If you were presented with a spreadsheet of all 6 million names and addresses, you would say it was faked by the Jews wouldn't you. Don't even try to deny it lol 
 									in other words, i have  superior brain to yours 
 										Obviously. Another moron said that yesterday. He made a twat out of himself too lol 
 											do you have the link to the list ready yet ? 
 												Just sent you your simple list in your 1939-1945 format :) 
 												Just sent you your simple list in your 1939-1945 format :) 
 Watch: Christian dog owner punched in the face by Iranian Muslim man    
 	I would take a mangy, flea bitten dog , over a Muslim any day. 
 		A dog is unconditional love. A Muzzie is unpredictable hate. 
 		Hey look a bomb! Instead of getting to safety let's take pics and send them to our friends before we inform the Fbi.Hoax! 
 		Hey look a bomb! Instead of getting to safety let's take pics and send them to our friends before we inform the Fbi.Hoax! 
 Model Calls Herself ‘Brave’ for Portraying First Lady as a Stripper  Melanie Marden said she was 'empowering' women by being in the controversial music video from leftist rapper T.I.    
 	Pickle lipped Melanie Marden is a cunt with a beak that could split the bumper of my F-250  
 Filmmaker Timothy Grey Hall sits around the campfire and says to Nashville Antifa, "tomorrow, when you are given that choice of do I take the next step, f***in' take it." He talks about the strategies and tactics Antifa uses and says "a lot of times it includes actual violence."    
 	This faggot needs a life. 
 	Theresa Dis-May is a friggin moron turning Englandstan into a muzzie shithole and weak on Brexit 
 You twat 
 	Fucking Half Nigger Obama--Fuck Off ! 
      I'll be They find some redneck rube to take the fall.     
 If you ha en't seen it, this is the NewsShite hatchet job aired last night about Tommy Robinson        
 	Pakistani Muslims are here to destroy Britain for partitioning India Fact 
 		Not true, it is just that destruction is all they know and are capable of.   You can't accuse a Viper of planning.it is its innate nature. 
 			Sadiq Khan takes orders from elders in Pakistan villages   Partitioning 15million people on the move. Unprecedented and so badly organised 1 million died from thirst hunger murder. Women laid down to rest with babies who were stolen eaten sold raped.   The vilest thing in modern history and documented   Pakistanis muslims in the uk to avenge that 72 hrs of horror 
 				You overestimate the b.   Sadiq Khan takes orders from his Community leaders sitting right in London.   Partition is exactly what Pakis wanted - ⅓ land for ⅛ population.   The 1 million that died, >80% were Hindus killed by Muslims fully supported by Pak govt. Hindus retaliated but were too late & were quickly stopped by Gandhi.    Don't believe those whining b. 
 					I'm not defending pakis but they always look for a scapegoat in this case the British   They've avenged their peopke the Brita have allowed it   That's all I'm saying 
 						Further, it is not just the old village types that are of the mindset. It is every (well may be just 60%) Muzzie who has an sense of entitlement & despite (towards every other non-Muslim). This incl college professors, lawyers, grocers, butchers, students, scientists, actors, sports stars and your neighbours, men & women alike.  
 							Yeah But It's Nothing a Machette Wouldn't Cure. 
 							Yeah But It's Nothing a Machette Wouldn't Cure. 
  
 	>tfw Jews own the major record labels that spread this trash to young white kids >tfw Jews owned African slaves at a higher rate than whitey but whitey gets blamed for nigger problems 
 Teresa May is the female Mr Burns. Looks, moves and doesn’t listen to the people exactly the same 
 		I like the way a lazy nigger calls out a lazy nigger!  Gtfo  
 Faggot 
 This is your daily reminder that the left wants you dead.       
 	Civil war over abortion ‘rights’ should be over pretty fucking quick  
 		Quick or not it would still be catastrophic. I don't see a bunch of fee fee driven emotionally retarded soy drinking leftist standing much of a chance either, but dead folk on the news tend to be remembered for their causes and not their effectiveness. There would be an incredible divide that would not heal for hundreds of years if they got the war they are pushing, Something to consider.  
 This faggot crybaby bitch thinks everyone spamming gab is someone he doesn't like.   Quit crying, Soy.   Its free speech, faggot, deal with it.    
 Ole Miss Professor James Thomas: 'Put Your Whole Damn Fingers' in Republicans' Meals | Breitbart    
 		I have. He’s a faggot.  
 You mean you're a faggot ;)  
 eww!   filthy cunt should clean her toes 
 nigger 
 		I'm good! :P  
 		Now you get it 
 		lolololol,shut up Goy 
 		You better be a Proud Goy too! Im so glad you started following me.you're like my favorite in Facebook and now Gab right now 
 		lmao! I'm proud of goy,idc what race or religion you are! And that's cool! Glad a trensgindur is based. Erin and Drakken are pretty cool and based as well! They're transgender Trump supporters as well. 
 		Shut up Goy! 
  
 	Nigger Puppet 
 	 
 						You're not well, is a understatement. Hate, for you is powerfully emotive. So much resentment tied in with regret. <-- is the only dispersion I'm casting today.   Your past seems marred in the trauma of a love one but no matter your response, you have been triggered into your hate.   Be well 
 								Calm down Esse. Every time you use emotive profanity, you emphasise how unstable you are, disguised as moral outrage & just proves you're not nowhere near as in control of your faculties as you may think.   You needed to face up to what ever triggered you.    Yea, I will fuck off now. You're dead weight & jealous of some white women with very very busy pussies & that rocks you to the core to know 
 								It's just an Npc 
  
 		It's a cultural thing you know. Kinda like growing opium.  All properly supported by the Us.   
 		It's a cultural thing you know. Kinda like growing opium.  All properly supported by the Us.   
 	 
 	 
 	 
 Trump: If You Want Hillary Investigated, I’ll Have to Nominate Her to Scotus (Video)    
 	Have to know who's doing the investigating first. Don't have much faith in most of the clowns been in charge up to today. Sure wouldn't want to actually see the cunt make the court. 
 So only a certain type of woman is acceptable to the Problem Children aka Proud Boys. You guys sound like a bunch of socially and intellectually retarded idiots, imbeciles and morons Only a desperate little girl would find you attractive or interesting. 
 Putin to hold meeting with Trump in Paris on November 11  aide  Putin to hold meeting with Trump in Paris on November 11  aide  
 	At least Putin is a Christian, unlike Xi or Ji, that wormy little slant-eyeyd faggot 
 		Was a sword exchanged though? 
 		Was a sword exchanged though? 
  
 	I’d rather eat the ass end out of a dead, menstruating fucking skunk with rabies than ever see the face of this Cunt again. 
 "Busted"     .@SenBobCorker             ?                                                                                                                               @     
 	that Muslim Fraud Nigger Needs Indicted, Tried, Then Hung Or Shot By Firing Squad. 
 Terror as Leicester on Lockdown after Armed Police Deliberately mowed down by car!    Leicester city centre is on lockdown after an armed police officer was  deliberately driven at. He is currently in hospital with head injuries according to a senior police chief.    Dcc Rob Nixon tweeted: Day started 5.20 am when received a call about an armed officer being injured  Officer deliberately driven at & now in hospital with head injuries. Full-scale operation now running to locate those responsibly!    Leicestershire Road Policing Unit tweeted: Just been made aware of a serious incident involving a  colleague & friend who was seriously injured overnight. I, along with everyone on the Rpu wish you a speedy recovery mate. Thoughts are with you, your family & friends.   Two roads in the city centre are on lockdown as police have been investigating the incident from 3 am this morning.   The Twitter account for Area Traffic Control in Leicester tweeted: Morning in  Belvoir Street is closed due to a police incident between Stamford Street & Bowling Green Street. To get to Market Street & Welford Rd pedestrians and vehicles will have to use Granby St & Bishop St.   There have also been reports of police activity in other parts of the city possibly in relation to the‘incident’. Leicester was rocked by a massive Explosion earlier this year which was initially thought of as a gas explosion but a massive manufacturing basement was uncovered. The media line is that it was producing ‘illegal alcohol’.   Opinion: Unity News Network is sickened by what appears to be a clear and deliberate attack against the U.K.’s Police force, we would like to send our best wishes to the officer who was attacked and wish him a speedy recovery, we would also like to send his family our best wishes in what must be an incredibly hard time for them. This is not only an attack on U.K. Law enforcement but the United Kingdom itself.     
 					It's my dream! 
 	You seem a bit upset that i run rings around you and there is nothing you can do about it. 
 				Argue what? You don't have any points To argue lol 
 							Do i paedo? You  do project a lot. 
  
 	We all grow old waiting for this lying cunt to be prosecuted, I personally am sick of the waiting. 
 Okaaay. Ever get the feeling that you're being played? 
 	Or.ummm, it could just be like the Us:  Liberals vs. Conservatives.hmmmm. 
 		I believe that jew hates white people. Are you so retarded you think that meme had anything to do with a persons right to procreate?  
 Why? How? when? or are you just a bitch made retard that has found Gab? 
 Was Just Wondering. 
 		Of course not. If Islam or Judaism was your religion you would not whine like a faggot about Islam not being a peaceful religion. However, they are all Abrahamic religions with the same kike spook in the sky god but christ-insanity has another god too. The bastard son (Hezus) from the rape of a jew woman by the spook kike in the sky.  
 Is Cam still acting like a sissy ? haven't watched that kneelin' nigger shit in years 
 82lb rock used to smash South African student to death as she was held down after being kidnapped and gang-raped. Suspect sat in court smiling  
 	Horrible! Such a sweet beautiful young girl. Not only physically painful, but also extremely humiliating to be handled by niggers; yuk! Those evil retarded nigger savages should be skinned alive.  
 	Why does Canada have so many retarded faggots voting these dumbfucks into office?  Fix your tardfag problem and this other problem never happens in the first place. 
 Pathetic Fake Hate   Hate Hoax:   Troubled Lesbian Sent Herself Death Threats   That She Found in Her Desk Drawer    
 	A dyke and a kike plays the victim. Oy! 
 looks like  is going to pay a fair amount!    
 	Yeah right. Hes not paying that lying cunt a dime 
 	Yeah right. Hes not paying that lying cunt a dime 
 (((Kagan))) is scared that the credibility of the Scotus is at risk if Kavanaugh is confirmed. I hope she has a fit and wants to resign too.    
 	She doesn't have a tenth of the experience of this bull dog dyke Marxist Commie Jew! 
 Here's another reason I'm not interested in going back to Twitter.    I used to read everything Max Boot wrote.    And then he was bought off or blackmailed or lost his mind or decided to expose himself as a total fraud.    We can't even count the videos of Trump supporters being beaten bloody by mobs, but Max Boot ignores them and concentrates on Pelosi being shouted at.    Twitter is the domain of the soulless. I feel Much Better not going there. Sometimes I read Trump's feed, and that leads me to tweets like this one, but for the most part I stay away from Twitter.    Most of you had never heard of Max Boot. He was a great intellect. I admired him a lot. But like Jim Treacher, he turned out to be a massively negative mental patient who--like the Democrats--will fight to the death to prevent You and Me from having better lives.    These people are well paid regardless of who is in power. Therefore we must conclude that they're all like George Soros and take pleasure in ruining the lives of millions.    When I was a child, my biggest fear was that all adults were crazy and dangerous. Although I'm not Afraid of people like Max Boot, I Do hate them, because I know from personal experience that they will never stop.    We have to do things Their way, or they will work tirelessly to destroy us. This is a generic mindset that was created by horrendous childhood abuse--but that doesn't matter. Hitler, Stalin, and Saddam Hussein were all abused. Bashar al-Assad was abused.    Jack the Ripper was abused.    It doesn't matter Why these people won't stop. All that matters is the fact that they won't stop.    Luckily Trump feels the way I do. When people make their beds, they get to sleep in them.    Certain words and actions allow you to write off people. You no longer have to worry about their welfare.    If Max Boot called me and said, "I'm on fire! Bring a bucket of water!" I'd hang up the phone.    Because if I put out the fire, he'd resume trying to destroy me after he recovered. And he'd say, "So what? You were stupid enough to save me. Blame yourself."    See, I've had all of this happen to me. I know what I'm talking about.    But everything will change after the midterms.    Just watch, 
 	One reason I'd like to go back to twitter is to refresh my memory about why you blocked me. Were you some NeverTrump faggot at some point? 
 Reasons I barely watch Tv #3,671 
 	I hate to admit it but the deviant is one of the few that actually could pass for a female. When I first looked I was wondering if it was a dyke trying to be a dude or visa versa. Why the hideous tri colored hair?   
 Can somebody explain to me what wignat actually means?  
 	Wigger Nationalism! 
 men need a frontier   we don’t all want to be on the frontier, or near it, but we need to know it’s there, unowned, ungoverned, unoccupied   much of our spiritual sickness now is because frontier has been destroyed, colonized, paved, and now run by lesbian bureaucrats who want multiple forms filled out to see it, likely she will deny request anyway 
 		Cedric the entertainer said the nigger will follow us in a space ship  that has 60 rims and a boom box  
 The only female Scotus selection acceptable to me is Queen Ann Coulter. Imagine the confirmation hearings & the written opinions lol.                  
 	Duh that's stupid, how does she have 2 adopted black nigger kids but only 1 special needs kid? Does the one nigger kid stand on the other nigger kids shoulders and they wear a trenchcoat like a cartoon? 
 Chicago has another problem now.  A serial killer Nigger is on the loose, killing an old white guy walking his dog and an Ortho Jew -  Now that the Jews are all up in this thing, the Dindu will soon be caught.  That was his dumb error, killing a kike.    Nothing to see here, really - But the comments are /great/    
 What your posts about owning excessive guns say about you:   
 		Triggered you, eh.  
 		Triggered you, eh.  
 Funny how Soros, Clinton, Obama and Cnn, all major players in establishing victimhood politics, are now being painted as "victims" themselves.   But people like Ben Shapiro claim you're "deranged" for thinking this might be a leftist plot to gain sympathy from voters before the midterms.   Another braindead Npc. 
 	or instead of Derange." See the  hoax. And when it turns out to be a hoax are you going to admit you were wrong? 
 		When I say a hoax, I meant it not a trump supporter, Like a lot of the so called hate crimes turn out to be hoaxes. Remember the young black man in the Air Force acciendy who wrote Nigger on the wall making national news? Turned out he did it to get attention because he was failing, Remember the lady who claimed two men wearing Maga hate took out her hijab? 
 		When I say a hoax, I meant it not a trump supporter, Like a lot of the so called hate crimes turn out to be hoaxes. Remember the young black man in the Air Force acciendy who wrote Nigger on the wall making national news? Turned out he did it to get attention because he was failing, Remember the lady who claimed two men wearing Maga hate took out her hijab? 
 faggot 
 In case you haven’t noticed, as the media and social media companies keep silencing and censoring everyone, the violence keeps escalating.  Why? Because everyone is being shoved into their own tribal echo-chamber by retarded liberal assclowns like you that want to censor free speech. 
 Open borders start at home. Leave your front door open for illegal aliens.     
 	hahahahaha, what a bunch of retarded crap.yeah, sorry, I did use the R word 
 They were at a Starbucks    
 	Leaving white children alone with a nigger is more dangerous than leaving them along with a crocodile.  
  
 	nice boomer meme faggot 
 Most pro-Israelis are the "Fuck ye Team Murica World Police!" Stand up for our 'JuDeO CHriStiAN' values types.   Most anti-Israelis are the "Fuck teh Western Imperialism!" Karl Marx was right check out my 12$ Che t shirt I bought from Amazon types.   Both of them are fucking idiots that refuse to leave me out of their tribal retard splurges. 
 Did they stick a fake beard on him or is it real?       
 		Redneck definitely! 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	Just tell em you're a little faggot and you like dicks  
 @a Andrew, please remove All pornography and all links to pornography from the Gab platform. We really Do Not need this, and it only degrades and lowers the standard of this great platform. Gab Will Be the next Facebook and it is crucial that this stuff is removed.    I love and support Gab, and will continue to do so, but honestly, we really don’t need this stuff!    Fellow Gabbers, if you agree I would appreciate you liking and reposting this.   Thank you  
 	Well aint u a silly nigger faggot today! 
  Identify Search And Destroy                 Video Link      We can get this guy Fired   Or bankrupt who he works for   The Link where you should be able to find him       Watch the video a few times to see these   IdentifyING Marks = Nose and Ear 
 	I'm glad people are looking at Portland more closely. I've had my experiences with extremists from that place and I will say that there are way too many traitors running around free there.  
 		Ive been complaining about Child Sex Trafficking there since Obama became president. He came here by plane with his handler Mr Bean and went to Portland by night in SUVs With Mayor Murray the Faggot Child Molester who provided Meth To Teen Boys For Sex, one kid & his mom who spoke out are Missing Still since the day before BeanS Trial in Portland 
 Kristen Bell says she finds multiple elements of Snow White to have bad messages for kids. Things like the non consensual kiss and taking apples from strangers.   She strongly implies this story is damaging to children.But Reads The Book To Her Kids Regularly   Typical "I will make a Sjw statement that I don't follow myself" 
 	When I first saw this story, my initial thought was "who cares what this retard thinks about anything?" 
 And it's going away. one less  echo chamber.    
 		Well he misses us you know lol and he can report all he wants because the owner of Gab won'e listen to the basement faggot . ha ha ha  
     'First Trump Rally at 20 years old. 8 hours of standing and 20,000 in attendance. Bucket List Event!'   (All I hear from libs is how Trump supporters are all old, cranky, racist White men.   I gotta say, whenever his rallies are on, most of what I see are young people and a lot of women.)   
 	It's all white. Yet he goes out of his way to spot one nigger or spic. Lol. Basically fuck whitey. 
 Jim Acosta is complaining that the Trump rallies are too loud because he can't do live Tv with the background volume   The Rally Isn'T For You, Dipshit!   Also he pretends he is just concerned that the Secret Service couldn't protect Trump due to the volume. What a humanitarian   This is what happens when you run out of even the fake stuff to whine about 
 	 proving once again that they have the most retarded crew of journalists in the business. 
  
 	I thought Islam was a religion not a race? I wonder why Hitler had affinity for pedo Mohamed? He actually said in table talk that whites should have been Muslim instead of Christian.  
 			Very telling that you chose to read gay erotica long after the book in question (that is so bad even Wikipedia says it’s garbage)  has been debunked 
 				The Jews have done a very good job of vilifying Hitler.  They need to keep bashing him because if you actually read Mein Kampf you will know how intelligent Hitler was.  He certainly was comfy with the filthy Zionists so what is the real truth I don't know.  The holocaust surely didn't happen, but it should have!  That is what gives me pause about Hitler is the fact that he should have done what he has been accused of.  The "work" camps were actually safe spaces for Jews as they should have been bombed since they produced for the war.  The complete inversion of history!  Jews are Liars! 
 					Exactly.  The inversion of reality!  It's the same are brainwashed retarded lefties are told they are smart and have the moral ground while advocating the murder of unborn children.  Democrats are morally degenerate Racist Sexist human sewage yet they believe the opposite.  The complete Orwellian inversion and everything is that way!  Their minds say do not critisize the Jew and the Jew needs to be exposed as the parasitical cancer they are!  Expel all Jewishness from the World! 
  
 	you keep your totalitarian bullshit socialism with speech and thought control, i will keep my free market capitalism and freewill  
 		those woods belong to the government. it is called a park. plus, you learned to suck nigger dick while doing time for stealing spare tires off trucks 
 	They are the faggots but you like to look for faggot tranny porn to post. 
 	Kavanaugh has already cucked with his all-women law clerk team.   He's a liberal through and through.   This wasn't a win for us.  
 		Butch Deadlift wrote a brilliant comment a while back critiquing the AltRIght's tendency to support the expansion of the police state. While it's true that many of us have evolved from libertarianism towards authoritarianism, we must remember that the State is still in the hands of Zog.   Any weapon that helps strengthen their power Will be used against us.  
 			It's the equivalent of Richard Spencer's defence of the Eu concept on the grounds that a hypothetical pro-white federal Europe could fight for whites more effectively than tens of individual white nation states, while preserving national differences.   Agree in principle- but current Eu is not useful and would need to be blown up and reformed as pro-white. 
 				The Eu was forged with Kalergi's evil.   It's like the One Ring. And Richard is Boromir, thinking it can be used for good.   The Eu must be cast into the fires of Mount Doom.  
 					Yup. It's impractical but good example of what I like about Richard, his optimism and willingness to talk about ultimate goals.   There may be a few things that can be done within the current system, and reasonable medium-term goals outside it ("Ethnic cleansing in one country"), but if we accept short sighted Amnat shit it will be compromised down to nothing. 
 						I don't agree with Richard on everything 100%, but he's one of the few major AltRight figures that thinks outside the box and also thinks about the post-American future.   He's not a reactionary that wants the 1950s back. He's forward thinking.   And that's a big reason as to why the subversives have tried to discredit him.  
 								There was an interesting tweet from Richard not too long ago that criticized the AltRight. He worded it in a way that suggested that he no longer sees himself as part of the "AltRight" brand.   Perhaps he recognizes that he lost control of the movement and now it's in the hands of Mpc-types who oppose ethnonationalism.  
 									Mpc is a fucking joke anyway. There's a hilarious article on Encyclopedia Dramatica that tears them to shreds.   No one outside of the AltRight takes them seriously. And so many of the dumb trends within the 2018 AltRight can be traced back to Mpc, including the obsession with rape, chad larping, Gop cheerleading, hatred of goons and  "Lol shitlib tears!".  
 I am going to bet that our boy  obliterates them this evening.    Lol my money is totally on Tucker here.  He obviously got under their skin with last week's segments on them not being able to sleep well while igniting the fire of violence on the left.    I think it's even more hilarious that they didn't even come up with anything unique to poke fun at. Where as Tucker sure will. Lol Scott Adams likes to point out 'sour' Don Lemon ironic name & we have to wonder if Cuomo would have his own show if he wasn't the little brother of the current Governor and son of a former one?     
 	Looky looky out for some nooky, man style! Wtf, is Cnn faggot central? Don & Anderson giving each other Bj' under the desk! 
 Imagine this is you - what do you say? 
 	Conform to diversity, or else! 
 		Great caption.  So I'm gonna make like a nigger and steal it. 
 As opposed to the rich, mature "gay nigger rape" rants spewing forth from your gaping white trash maw? 
 The hamster wheel of American Nationalist excuse-making for the Trump Administration is a wonder to behold, the world's first perpetual motion device.   Everything you would think would slow it down only speeds it up. These rabid hamsters gang up on and cannibalize any hapless hamster that slows down a bit or tries to climb off. 
 	Mkultra programming was set up to develop a schizophrenic society. Double think is holding two contradictory positions simultaneously, and believing them both to be true. Society is retarded because that’s what the social engineers wanted it to be. A decades long program mind you.  
 Always remember our enemies know they’re a race, one they believe has sanction by god to rule over goyim, using any means necessary to that end. They and their apologists always lie and misdirect.    
 	As AsHKENAZI Jews are forced to mate with the multiplicity of sand nigger jews, the Mean Iq will move from 120 to 75 very fast.  We do that with congo negros and white girls every day 
 There are only a few dozen mudslimes in the entire British Army, Why should Any soldier be discharged for being in a photo with Any British citizen?       
 	Tommy is not "any British citizen " in this context .In this context he is a politician duping "our lads " into an unwise act for his own advantage . 
 		Peter is a cunt trying to stir shit!  
          We will not let the army summit to Islam through political correctness    
 		I 100% agree with you!  But as long as the Jewish Sewage of Hollywood and Jewish Supremacists of the media keep lumping honest white males all together like myself in their bashing thru mind control, It needs and is starting to go the other way as you can see and it is picking up momentum.  They know they are doing the Orwellian inversion.  I am done with it and until Jews like yourself have the guts to speak out about these bastards, it is imperative that the same tactics are used to push back. The damage these bastards have done to divide and conquer is despicable and I lash out at all the retarded Democrats also, as I am done with their shit too!  This includes much of my brainwashed family. I do understand the vast majority or any Khazarian or askeNazi Jew who are the true Nazi's are the problem. They are satanists and barbarians, not Jews and not Semitic!  They are Liars.  As long as they use their tactics, my tactics will keep growing. It is time that Jews like yourself speak out more, or you are in trouble also.  They certainly don't give a shit about you either, as it is the few who control, not the many.  But they call themselves Jews and it is difficult to explain true reality to all people.  They want a soundbite. 
 The punditocracy is acknowledging that momentum has shifted to the  going into the mid-terms.   If conservatives vote, conservatives win. This election is really that simple.            
 	There is no shift. Lying pollsters just have a whole lot less to lie about. The Trump Train has been picking up speed since Trump stopped Obama from weaseling in the Tpp during the lame duck session - before even being sworn into office! My guess: biggest mid-term thumbs-up from voters since Fdr! 
 		From your lips to God's ears.let this be so! 
 			Ovomit is a half nigger piece of muzzie shit. 
  
 	a nigger aint nothing but a nigger 
 	what a faggot  
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 																Duh, you just did dipshit!  But that would be a Fact and you do not understand what an actual Fact is!  That is because you are brainwashed retarded monkey brain! 
 These leftists keep saying "white men don't know how to feel threatened in a rapidly changing culture." Yes we do: When European men act in response to threats history calls it genocide.   Don't fuck with us.    
 		That is a fair concern. However, I am a hillbilly stuck in Denver. Everytime I hear one of these harpies try to to act like we are evil men because we are white and straight, I feel like reminding them just how dangerous we really are. How easy would it be for you and your buddies to leave many leftist hats on the ground? I know it would not be a challenge on my end. 
 		That is a fair concern. However, I am a hillbilly stuck in Denver. Everytime I hear one of these harpies try to to act like we are evil men because we are white and straight, I feel like reminding them just how dangerous we really are. How easy would it be for you and your buddies to leave many leftist hats on the ground? I know it would not be a challenge on my end. 
 Antifa did this yesterday at the Cenotaph to women of Wwii in Whitehall.    
 	Wonder if they got their Soros pocket money for doing this?  
 		Yes the police had an undercover officer in them but the Twat shagged one of them put a bun in her oven & it ended in a scandal with the cops paying them 10's of thousands. 
 Not So Fast, Blue Wave  
 	So what is your suggestion? Beside Trump remorse because he hasn't cleared out the entrenched deep state govt machine filled with lifer govt employees in his 1st 1-1/2? And dismantled Congress & the Courts & turned the Us into a white utopia already. What exactly is your suggestion? What magic wand should we wave. Please do tell? 
 		Not sure what other people are doing but I am sitting out the midterms. I'm not going to vote to reelect the Gop Congress which condemned us exclusively for Charlottesville 
 			C-ville was 100% psy-op. That means you're one of the bad guys, repeating it.   There weren't 10 people there who weren't on a gov't or Ngo payroll.  Lawyer Bill Evans not only found State Dept people working the show, he also uncovered an MI6 agent working the production. You're a rube or a shill.    
 			C-ville was 100% psy-op. That means you're one of the bad guys, repeating it.   There weren't 10 people there who weren't on a gov't or Ngo payroll.  Lawyer Bill Evans not only found State Dept people working the show, he also uncovered an MI6 agent working the production. You're a rube or a shill.    
  
 	muslim Evil Criminal Monkey Nigger 
 Around bowling balls & blacks, don't relax.   
 		Tell that to Reginald Denny  
 		Tell that to Reginald Denny  
 There clearly is a difference between a Negro and a full blown Nigger.  One is on the way to intelligence and emancipation/freedom and the latter is beyond retarded Uncle Tom trash. 
 5.5 million Christians murdered by Nazis?    I find 3,040 Jewess.   I've noticed Jews have a tendency to lie, exaggerate numbers. 
 	The Jews exaggerate, then other ethnic & religious groups exaggerate wanting to prove their altruism. That's the way these things go, 
 		Don't believe Jehovah's Witnesses, either. I asked them what Jehovah did and why that nigger left so many witnesses alive coz sheeit.ya don' leave no witnesses alive, dawg. 
 geller already has it up on her propaganda site  Pittsburgh: Synagogue shooter Robert Bowers is Jew-hater and Trump-hater   
 	No wonder I never liked these anti-Trump faggot Nazis who post here at Gab. :roll:                
 Love and support your race, my white brothers and sisters.   Whites (European-descended peoples) are only 7% of the world's population. We have the right to exist and the right to our own ethno-states.              #Q    
 	You dummies keep crying about "the right to love your own race".  You have a gazillion ways to do that, starting with Irish clubs, Italian clubs, German clubs, Greek clubs, etc etc. There are parades all over the country every year. Greeks aren't the same race as Germans, etc.  
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Believe women. 
 	Ugly bint looking for a goosing to complain about .Lawfare is the term for this ,I think . 
 	Ugly bint looking for a goosing to complain about .Lawfare is the term for this ,I think . 
 Colin Powell Speaks Out: Trump Not Moral Leader.  
 	dumb nigger 
     So why do the Msm Tv News media still use Owen Jones. He speaks on behalf of nobody. This proves he isn't popular with anybody. 
 	Everyone hates the little shit, that's why. I live in Leeds, we don't want the little faggot fraud round here. 
 Man, you really hate your life to just post something so unnecessary. To actually go out of your way to say this proves you are in a very bad place in your life. The difference between ppl like you & Christians is we don’t hate you, but for some reason you hate us. We will pray for you while your heart is black. 
 		Awe, Judge Faggot needs some attention. Poor little bitch 
 I don't need or want protection from hurty feels by hate crime laws because I am a man! For f*cks sake, just scrap them all, its all completely pointless.    
 		Precisely 
 		Precisely 
 	 
 	Nature is Hierarchy. Nature is Doctrine. Go against it and suffer. 
 	Nature is Hierarchy. Nature is Doctrine. Go against it and suffer. 
 Remember Kids . the Name the Jew Bullshit . is a counter intelligence program . This is why is Only serves the system.   Try breathing through your nose. 
 	Prove us wrong. You can't and you won't, because we are right. But like any leftist, you'll cry about the truth and dig in your heels and name call.  
 		Exactly. You have nothing to dispute that Jews are behind every immigration push in White countries, every push for degeneracy, every weapons grab, every anti-White movement. We are right and you are wrong.  
 					Mindless attacks are standard fare for the retards who are intellectually incapable of debating!  You must be a Retarded Jew!  Jews are obvious filthy Scum!  Total inferior sub human beasts!   Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.  Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.   Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are.  
 Photo: Caravan Protesters Paint Swastika on American Flag, Burn It in the Street   
 	Trump needs to make a deal with Mexico to put active Us military on the Mexican side of the border to stop the caravan in mexico, before they can reach the Us border. It's the only way to beat the Asylum laws we have. Mexico has stricter laws governing migrants. 
 		He won't a faggot judge will block and he will cave.  Only an executive order will work. 
  
 		 
 		u figure shit out yet u tard  
 Fuckin white cherokee sanz them i must be a fuckin nigger 
 Epic & Thoughtful James Wood Twat    
 	It’s ppl like u who made my have to make it private. I didn’t put you on anything. I just fucking joined and don’t know exactly how everything works so fuck you. Piece of shit to speak to a woman like that for no reason! 
 Shia lebouf Thanks god for beef bullet to da twat sanz 
 		And Jews never learn  
 Breitbart London:   Leaked: Appeaser Theresa Plots to Tie Uk to Eu for Years Despite Claiming Months    
 	The sooner everyone realizes that her name is Imam May, it will all start making sense.   Stay in the Eu.   Don't stay in the Eu.   Doesn't matter now.   You're gone, Uk. Gone.    Go spread your momma's legs.   Here comes your Muzzie Love.   Idiots. 
 Decoy 
 	Daffy's redneck cousin 
   Stupid cunt 
 Bill MitchellVerified account  1h1 hour agoMore  Kavanaugh also said he had four female law clerks ready to work for him "on a moment's notice," which would make him "the first justice in the history of the Supreme Court to have a group of all-women law clerks." And one of the ladies is black. What a racist, misogynist move. 
 	They'll say that either A.) It's a cover. or B.) it's proves he feels guilty.   When in reality it's more likely C.) Sarah Sanders is an unrelenting beast in the face of the liberal media. Why not prop up more strong conservative women that prove that it's not "all women" that feel this way. only retarded ones.  
 Minneapolis Mayor Angers Police With Mandatory Placards Aimed At Helping Illegal Aliens | Weasel Zippers   
 	Another retarded use of taxpayer dollars by the . 
 	Isn't it funny how he flip flops on his standings?   It's more then funny actually. it's amusing. 
 		Freak/loser, the climate is indeed changing but it a natural occurrence.   Wake The Fuck Up!    +1 (Neo) 
 																		Freak, what parody account? 
 Democrats are working with the intelligence community that controls Silicon Valley to quash free speech as the midterms intensify.    
 	Name the Jew faggot we all know you know it's them 
 Yall are dumb a rocks. The most powerful thing that the Marxists have done is turn White Europeans against themselves. That is why self hating Whites are given all sorts of praise and awards. 
 	That's it isn't it?   Shine your white brothers and sisters on for a negro lap dog. So who's a bigger nigger lover? Obama or trump? 
 Just In: Houston Chronicle endorses Beto O'Rourke in Texas Senate race      
 		I couldn't have said it better  
 		I couldn't have said it better  
 What brought you slithering onto Gab my little legless serpent? bored by Twatter now all the ineresting people are getting banned?   You sad, boring swearing Ncp, tragic troll. signing up en mass to bore us to death with your lame petulance. Really you signed up just now to say cunt? Just How pathetic are you? 
 	Well at least a cunt is useful Maria, he he, unlike him by the look of it 
 	Well at least a cunt is useful Maria, he he, unlike him by the look of it 
 	Lol i dont know what sin is. and no two people have given me the same answer when asked.  If yo know what sin is. please tell me. 
 		This is going to blow your hair back and knock your socks off -- you fucking read a couple books of the Bible.  I know -- fucking crazy! Exodus is a good one.  The 10 commandments is a good sketch, you likely could Google that and find something.  Best of luck! 
 						You'll love Mein Kampf.    Let me know if any of the words are too tough to pronounce or comprehend.    Thanks, pup. 
 							Read it already. Your post doesn't really support your fucking stupid statements though. better luck next time fucko 
 						I'm German, son, and we won't have little kids who can't read or too lazy to read Niggering off 2 generations of our people, it's simple as that. I don't fuck around, I'd leave you in traction, 2 minutes or less. This isn't Pagan playhouse, boy.  
 	This never gets old & this could turn into a pretty good nigger hate thread, bix nood muhfugga 
 Is that a trailer trash wigger girl, or a jewess? I can't quite tell. 
 	That escalated. 
 	That escalated. 
 Looks like the mainstream media (Msm) is doing a little bit of soul searching after the Brett Kavanaugh confirmation.   Msm now realizes their "power of suggestion" and propaganda is meaningless to an American populous that is now Politically Awake!        
 	The press has been untrustworthy my whole life. I'm old enough to remember the 1993 Dateline Nbc exploding fuel tank story, where Nbc couldn't get gas tanks to blow up while rolling the vehicle over (which lawsuits alleged would happen), so they simply strapped explosives on the tanks to Make the trucks blow up. 
 		9/11 converage and after that was all media bullshit.  When trump was elected that’s when it went all retard because of the complete take over of the media by the Chinese and the Jews  
   
 		I can feel the love.   
 						Welcome to free speech.  No Twitter overlords to control what can and can't be said. Or what can and can't be made fun of. Particular lefties  
 						Welcome to free speech.  No Twitter overlords to control what can and can't be said. Or what can and can't be made fun of. Particular lefties  
 .Yes he does and you're just as much of a Pos liar for supporting him. You actually believe his "facts"? based on what? something a faggot Uk soccer player (Dennis Wise) put together while he was jerking off to gay porn? get a life dude. wake the fuck up! 
 Author Stephen King Attacks Trump Over Illegal Immigrants: ‘Just a Bunch of Scared and Hungry People’.  For a bunch of scared hungry people they sure seem angry and well fed. 
 	stephanie queen is a libturd faggot  
    One of my favourites from Rammstein   Rammstein - Amerika    
 		Lol! You're so predictable Npc and so easily triggered :) 
 		Lol! You're so predictable Npc and so easily triggered :) 
 Antifa arent the anti, first comes communism, then comes the opponents of communism, then comes communists kvetching that people oppose them. Thats Antifa. 
 	Couldn't disagree more with the illustration. The only down antiF.A. has experienced is mom's basement. Nobody has ever hurt them, and that's the problem. Those punks have never seen real suppression, war, or pain.  Burn this one and try again. This time with a little realism. 
 		Well first of all the first image clearly shows the National Socialist Sa beating Antifa up in the streets, which is why were National Socialists, its the anti to antifa. Second, yes, they do get beat up, pretty much by neo-national socialists and the odd faggot in proud boys. 
 Breaking: Tommy Robinson continues his justified expose of the political Correctness that will destroy our Armed Forces.   One of the lads has already been Discharged over the photo, his career destroyed.    will destroy the Armed Forces        
 	Unbelievable.   There is crap going on in the Australian army as well.   The Sons of Anzac are also being screwed over.   Of course, I would never say the only way we will change things is to execute every cunt on the left, I wouldnt say such a thing, lets keep voting, put out flyers, have a round table discussion, lots of those & then lets hit them with a T shirt campaign. 
 	Unbelievable.   There is crap going on in the Australian army as well.   The Sons of Anzac are also being screwed over.   Of course, I would never say the only way we will change things is to execute every cunt on the left, I wouldnt say such a thing, lets keep voting, put out flyers, have a round table discussion, lots of those & then lets hit them with a T shirt campaign. 
 Green Arrows son now gay   Arrow used to be the only masculine show on (((Tv)))          
 	this does not surprise me. I stopped watching marxist faggot Tv about two years ago 
 The Hillbilly Moon Explosion - Midnight Blues    
 The Hillbilly Moon Explosion - Midnight Blues    
 mø'slums will slit your faggot throat, Kurgwad. 
 'London deserves better!' Sadiq Khan Shamed for abandoning mayoral duties as crime Soars    (He's on Jury Duty, but hey, I'm in Lol)     
 	Only in Uk could a retard like Khan become mayor. Back in pakiland he'd have been the son of a rickshaw driver.  
 All Jews and Democrats employ extreme Hate speech but becuase they are so brainwashed retarded they don't even realize what they are doing!  Thx Jews! 
 What used to be a circus side show freak is now the Democrat base.   ? 
 	Vader hand to God has no idea what sex or gender that thing is.   Horror movies have now become reality amongst us and they're being pushed on our children in daycares, libraries, schools, books, and Tv/film. 
 		what a faggot skank 
 Remember when the Nyc mayor called all the fake anthrax mailings to conservatives an act of terror? Yeah, me neither  
 	Stupid Gnus people are dumb beyond compare!  Fuck the Cunt News Network!  
 was this show once funny?  'Everyone's pumped, from white men over 60 to white men over 70': Snl shows raucous Senate Republicans swigging beer in locker room after Kavanaugh's victory as Lindsay Graham pies 'the snake' Jeff Flake in face    
 		That's snl's problem, they aren't comedians, haven't been for a long time, they stopped hiring comedians and started hiring drama-club retards who think making a face harder or yelling louder is the same thing as humor. And being the sort of rejects that go to school for that stuff they were especially susceptible to the college indoctrination 
 American security expert says Islam under Us Constitution should not be considered a religion but a totalitarian ideology    
 	America needs to enforce existing laws already on the books!   This is Treason and sedition. 
 			I will 'serve' him my ammo. 
 			You'll be fighting your own police force if you try.  Refusing to serve any member of various and growing politically superior groups is discrimination, and is a crime.  For now, you can still think about it.  Ammo just compounds the violation. 
 			You'll be fighting your own police force if you try.  Refusing to serve any member of various and growing politically superior groups is discrimination, and is a crime.  For now, you can still think about it.  Ammo just compounds the violation. 
 What is an Npc?    
 	Who knows if it is a controlled opposition since infowars never names the filthy Jew!  At least it is a good example of how Retarded Racist Sexist Democrat Npc's are.   
 Why do cunt fucking slut whores keep following me 
 this Lolicon guy's autism is insufferable, even in 3 or 4 back and forth replies i'm just like Figure Out I'M Trying To Be Polite And Diplomatic And SToP BeING A Faggot 
 A new Ebil Natzees propaganda schlock movie, populated by nigger soldiers in the Us Army, and brought to you by the kike J.J. Abrams.    Someone please destroy Hollywood.    
 is this factually correct ? or are you being a twat ? 
 		Suck my dick faggot kike wannabe  
 Meet Dave Hogue, a design lead at Google.   Remember: we’re supposed to believe that there somehow isn’t a Leftist majority at Big Tech companies - that’s just a crazy conspiracy. 
 	So, there is your unbiased Big Tech. Big Tech, Big Lie. Go Gab! @a next big thing? An unbiased search engine? 
 		A globalist Google faggot uses the word "treasonous" to describe pro-America, Constitution-loving people. Treason is something lefties do. Treason is Google, FaceFuck, And Twatter.  
 Islamic rules are incompatible with British laws, claims Archbishop of Canterbury.   No shit Sherlock     
 	Is it mandatory to be a faggot in order to become an Anglican priest? and double-plus mandatory for Archbishop of Canterbury? 
 And this is why 40% of Millennial men still live with their parents, Parents you have failed, and your trying to unleash these retarded manchildren on the world, it won't work either.    
 Are they planning on poisoning our restaurant meals and groceries or something? Why must Dems push themselves on innocent people constantly just because they feel they can take what they want from others? Is it because of the crooked system of corrupt courts they put in place? 
 	liberals always look like they are. a bunch of sick retarded faggots. smfh  
 A Good Day For Tommy Robinson As People Travel To London To Support Him.   CAsE Adjourned And Referred Back To Government      
 	fenian cunt   
 Donna Brazile: 'Embarrassing' Kanye West 'Needs Help' | Breitbart    
 	But that fucking cunt is  totally innocent. Right? 
 Baby Boomers       The kids are not going to care one bit when your Social Security checks bounce.    Reflect now or Reflect then.    We have lost a lot of respict for you. 
 	 Ok I am a baby boomer I paid into the Social Security system when I worked   So I’m not sure where you’re going with that? Be nice I’m just trying to figure out all of what’s going on 
 		Boomers paid into Ss.   But,   inflation has completely wiped out their entire investment.  (In Denial)   My generation has to pay for the Boomers and all the "Migrants" they imported. None of whom paid into the Ss program.  (Also In Denial). 
 			actually some illegal immigrants Do pay Ss taxes 
 				You got that right.   They pay in for 5 years, retire, kick back on the wealth of natural born american citizens.   
 							I have no idea what this nonsensical reply means   but Fwiw, I use my Tv to watch science, nature and history programming mostly 
 							I have no idea what this nonsensical reply means   but Fwiw, I use my Tv to watch science, nature and history programming mostly 
 	Being a fucking faggot hurts poor allahs heart you filthy queer. 
 In America, we call that nigger in a wood pile. 
 What a Mental retarded  thug,, wth, does she think this is water jet art on driftwood?  
 What the hell are they paying good money to see this leftist dyke anyway? 
  is beginning to trend on Twitter, an outright call for violence against a member of the Supreme Court.   But Google and Apple say that Gab isn’t allowed to have an app on the App Store because some posts on Gab contain calls for violence and hate speech. 
 	Fuck the "free market" with a rusty knife - regulate these fuckers to within an inch of their lives to enforce the First Amendment online. 
 		lol "free market" what a rube 
 		lol "free market" what a rube 
 	Why even bother with losers like ? What kind of obsessive loser claims to hate Hitler and Nazis and yet has an entire gab account devoted to gay Hitler/Nazi fantasies. LoL 
 			LuL No I just have them take out the trash seeing how such trivialities are a little bellow me don't you think? No run along back to your weird Nazi themed gay Israeli sex party. 
 					Did you vote for Obuttfuck? Dems accused Kavanaugh of rape, Commie ;) 
 					Did you vote for Obuttfuck? Dems accused Kavanaugh of rape, Commie ;) 
 I think the technical term is asexual but faggot works as a general catch-all for any dude who wants nothing to do with pussy. 
 All these retarded excuses. "mute him" "its not Torbas fault"  Bullshit.  Mute function is weak sauce against murderous thugs and Torba and his crew had no problem finding the time to mark peoples accounts Nsfw for posting naughty images.   They never wanted to regulate the nazis. 
   - Even if gab installs a "Not Safe for Faggot Jews and Niggers" tag- it'd be corrupted in 48 hours and start malfunctioning. 
 	Any parent that allows their child to get involved with a Nigger should be charged with child abuse 
  
 	And of course the best thing for Potus to do will be to put a woman in her place. A conservative, constitutionally knowledgeable, smart, young, attractive woman named Amy Coney Barrett.  
 		Absolutely not barrett. 
 			Not Barrett. Misguided Catholic Civnat 
 				And nigger loving Sjw virtue signaler. No way barrett. 
 Hey so how about we fucking remove the spam filters off of notifications and dms so when someone fucking sends me something I don't look like a massive cunt for "ignoring" it. 
 So you broke the rules by being a little faggot and now you're mad that people are snitching on you? 
 Trump asks Cabinet to cut department budgets by 5 percent    
 	Trump supporters are the stupidest, most ignorant losers in America  
 		spoken like a true retarded liberal when we win please do not cry  
 hello i'm new 
 	are you  gay? 
 		you faggot little sissy 
  
 		When you are right, you Are Right! 
 		When you are right, you Are Right! 
 Synagogue shooter Bowers was not Maga, did not trust Qanon: 
 	Trumpster are mentally unbalanced retarded sheep. 
 Sis in law sent me this, y'all. lololol 
 	A nigger baby costume would be easy. Just fill a litter box, add some niglet nuggets, put it on a cart to wheel it around the neighbourhood. "Trick or Spook!" 
 Well that's easy.these Wanna-be nazis are Not Good People!   There Is No Hate In A Good Person! 
 	I don't find many Retarded Racist askeNazi Jews on here.  They are too Retarded and obviously all Hateful Racist askeNazi Jews are despicable Scum!  The Nazi Jews are not wanna be scum, they are all human sewage!  The extreme Hate coming from the Extremely Hateful Racist askeNazi Jew excrement! 
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 		I am a White Man ,you are a sand nigger animal ,go fuck yourself heb 
 	Prostitute.  May God cast you into Hell. 
 Some nigger named Louis Farrakhan called jews, termites  
  
 		Are dogs better people than black people? 
 			yes.more loyal  a dog will protect you, a nigger will kill you  Africans eat dogs    
  
 		spot on--I read a book on the brothers 
 		spot on--I read a book on the brothers 
 More attacks on Faith Goldy 
 	The whole problem with this stuff is you guys have your fucking cellphones out and record people. Put your celllphone away, kick the faggot off his bike, take your sign back.  Let him call the police.   
 Hi developers, give us a follow for updates and help with Gab’s Api.  
 	Where can we send noob questions? 
 		We are happy to answer all questions related to the Api and platform! 
 			Is the token session based, or part of your dev account? 
 				Tokens are session-based 
 					Ok so the verbs are in the swagger docs, is this like Twat where I can get sentiment, or just post, respond, upload, not sure of the 10,000ft level of the benefits, thanks 
 						You can get engagement numbers (likes, reposts, replies) but there's no sentiment analysis Sentiment analysis is an example of something one could build with the Api 
 						Ty 
 						Ty 
 		It does. Lol 
 		It does. Lol 
 Haven’t been posting enough Moving Moranbong Band songs lately! Here’s We will follow our Party forever.              Bonus: Workers’ Party of Korea website!  
 	Faggot 
  
 		Goes with the Retarded territory! 
 	Yeah i said it!  And to the good Moslems, all three of you. fuck you too 
 		 
 			Thank you Julia! 
 			Thank you Julia! 
 .@RichardDiNatale on Nz resettlement: We are prepared to look at helping and assisting the cohort of children and their families on Nauru as long as others aren’t punished.   We are prepared to have a discussion with the government.   More:    
 	Can't someone send this cunt to Italy to be with his ancestors. 
 Hitler was merely trying to kill all the ashkenazi jews, these and most of the jews all of them even the other speces of jews are also prone to disease and fetal retarded children  
 	An now they want to take all the guns an make you their slave so their morbidly obese asses & their snickering cuck boys who just want you dead can make big bucks at their gov jobs 
 	I don't think you'll be able to keep your 1st and 2nd amendments. You won't have the votes.  
 		Fake statistics, about as reliable as global warming predictions. When lefties can't use existing facts they invent some crap about the imaginary future they pretend they can see. Marx used to claim that the victory of the proletariat was 'historically inevitable'. Same bullshit. 
 			They're not fake, you're importing a million per year. You're barely the majority now.  
 				Says who? Not the census bureau. Trends that exist mainly in your imagination have never produced anything of substance. Keep on wishing, loser. 
 					Yea, you're at 60% tick tock.  
 						So you rely on a Wiki source that can't even decide who qualifies as a 'white person' for your prediction? No wonder you're all screwed up. 
 							Us census, just like you said.  
 								Hahahaha Nobody put them in charge of deciding who is & who isn't a genetically European human being. The Usa is not Nazi Germany. 
 														So you're illiterate too. You obviously didn't comprehend anything you said in your prior posts.   I have no interest in debating politics with anyone who lives in a police state. Come back when Britain is a free state again. 
 	Ive tried a few times to talk to said nigger, he barely has the intelligence to even hold a conversation. Luckily I don't have to deal with him anymore, I find it mind boggling that he can even manage to function with his general lack of working brain substance. The worst part is that these are the things Swedes are getting replaced by. 
 		Yeah, hold on now.  Don't be bragging about that.  That is the ace in the hole.  It would be rude of us to rube that in their faces.   
 		Yeah, hold on now.  Don't be bragging about that.  That is the ace in the hole.  It would be rude of us to rube that in their faces.   
 You've not provided any logic, just calling people nigger and stupid. You get btfo'd then come back like you actually won the argument. Reminds me of Uncle Adolf 's description of Jewish behavior. 
 "We’re not complaining, we’re revolting!" the students, workers and retirees chanted as they marched in the first demonstration since the end of the summer holiday, referring to President Macron’s recent suggestion that the French complain too much.   ----   Le president faggot is doomed :D 
 Flat Earthers full retard mode episode 4 Redux  via  
 The Near Future Where Africans Was Evolved into African-Middle Eastern Hybrids 
 		Dead Nigger 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 	2nd Amendment says nothing about ex-convicts or lunatics like you. 
 		fuck off nigger 
    If the caravan reaches Us border & most of crowd (10,000 at last count) gets thru, it will be only the beginning. More will come after it - millions in toto. Pacific hurricane is cutting through an area they will likely be passing after the hurricane, or the hurricane may turn directly into the caravan.  
 		Lol. He'll be cradling them in one arm and holding a mic with the other. 
 			I am pretty sure Anderson Cooper would have the beaner babies face down 
 Rt :    Disturbed singer removes chin piercing, says he’s tired of looking like 45-year-old Hot Topic kid      
 	He was a guest on Opie and Anthony(maybe it was Joe Rogans podcast can’t remember) once and he virtue signaled hard about how he thinks it should be legal to kill nazis and he’s a literal faggot lol 
 		Feels like libtards are literally devolving. Moving away from fact and reality to a state of pseudoscience  and delusional feelings artificially imprinted on them.  I feel like they are moving towards an African tribal state. You know like one African solves a math problem and the others call them a wizard and murder him. Lol 
 		Feels like libtards are literally devolving. Moving away from fact and reality to a state of pseudoscience  and delusional feelings artificially imprinted on them.  I feel like they are moving towards an African tribal state. You know like one African solves a math problem and the others call them a wizard and murder him. Lol 
  
 	Hilarious lol. That twat knot wouldn't know a reputable source from a hole in her head. 
 	Hilarious lol. That twat knot wouldn't know a reputable source from a hole in her head. 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Retarded liberal logic and retarded liberal definitions of racism is what got her fired.    
 	Who trusts a website that has to hide behind a proxy?  This site could be anywhere in the world. Why do you all keep pushing Putin's propaganda for him? 
 			Fake news sites always mix in links to other sites.  Why would you trust a site that you don't even know who owns it? That's ignorant. Even if you agree with some of their shit, that's just lazy.  
 				Why do they need to hide who they are?   
 					I'm not sure they are hiding and I'm pretty certain other people operate businesses in a similar manner to protect their privacy. 
 						Not Legitimate sites. What do they have to hide?  
 							They have their personal security to hide in an age where rioters and rent a riot protesters accost people at home, work or play. 
 								Read this.   
 												Another faggot lib twatter troll  
 Doggonnit! 10 Coors in and I can still roast stormy daniels’ vagina, but award shows escape me 
 		I wouldn’t know anything about it 
 		I wouldn’t know anything about it 
 		I miss your and snuggleboomer's dialogue. But, she couldn't handle the heat. 
 		It was really only that one time. 
 		It was really only that one time. 
 News Flash George Soros was and is a Nazi who sent the Hungarian Jews to their death Hitler was a globalist he wanted a unified Europe his Vision is what we call the European Union today all you little neo nazis and Hitler loving fuckwitts should learn the history of the shit you worship the death cramps were real not allied propaganda. 
 	andrew, shut up 
 		yes, it helps to be an actual cunt when spotting the mediocre ones like yourself 
  
 	nigger privilege means never having to take responsibility for the pathological failings of your own kind whilst holding ypipo responsible & demanding reparation. 
 	Prove us wrong. You can't and you won't, because we are right. But like any leftist, you'll cry about the truth and dig in your heels and name call.  
 		Exactly. You have nothing to dispute that Jews are behind every immigration push in White countries, every push for degeneracy, every weapons grab, every anti-White movement. We are right and you are wrong.  
 					Too bad you can't make a coherent statement!  Are you really a retarded Jew? As we Know, most Jews are blithering idiots! 
 Apparently the Cunts at Twitter don’t think that Sad Dick Khunt is an arrogant, ignorant Twat 
 I'd not against parody songs or inspirational songs or whatever.  I don't think editing jungle nigger music is the way forward though. 
 Your jew words dont affect me faggot 
 If the hurricane hits the wetback caravan expect to see video of Anderson Cooper neck deep in dead beaner babies. 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	I shall not send threats to Shonterikka (what a nigger name, btw. oh, I'm not racist). I shall instead send my sincere wishes and hopes for her to find she has late-stage pulmonary cancer that also metastasized in her ovaries with a two week life expectancy. 
 	You're going to prison. 
 	Oh yeah, I’m really concerned about what Hillary thinks.  
 	She is freaking out because Kavanaugh was a primary investigator in the WhiteWater investigations. Most of remember Ken Starr. The whole of the moldy corpses from that era are going to come out. I would not be at all surprised if there isn't an attempt on Kavanaugh. 
 	 See since he is now on the Scotus and in Trump majority, he can vote to declassify All of the dirt on this foul and disgusting creature that has been soiling America for decades. 
 	 See since he is now on the Scotus and in Trump majority, he can vote to declassify All of the dirt on this foul and disgusting creature that has been soiling America for decades. 
 The dream state of a liberal quickly becomes a nightmare when they awaken to a big buck Nigger climbing through the bedroom window, or when some Muslims crash a plane into the place their loved ones work,or a Muslim plows a car into a crowd of pedestrians or their White daughter becomes a victim of Muslim grooming gangs and cops + media defend the rapist gangs! 
 I've come into some money and I'm going to open a nightclub and call it Schindlers.   I can't wait to tell the first twat swinging a Porsche key ring about to fuck off he can't come in because he's not on the list. 
 	lolllllllllllllllllllllll 
 	But all you will get is Jews in there.  
 		Yes. For the mysterious fire. 
 		Yes. For the mysterious fire. 
 Yeah, fuck me for pointing out facts and shit, right? What a faggot you are. 
 My Current "Representative" is Kyrsten "Arizona is the Meth Lab of Democracy" Sinema.  I know where that cunt stands.  That's why she, and the shitstain ex-Mayor of Phoenix Greg Stanton who is running for her seat, didn't get my Vote. 
 Sargon and Count Dankula are wrong on lolicon and I can layout why.  
 	Believing "people" who need a licence to own 1 simple butter-knife on anything is retarded 
 This is Why Amazon is Dominating Retail: At Mall in 93% Black Zip Code in Metro Atlanta, 100 Cars Broken Into in One Night   
 	Once the nigger population in any given community exceeds 5% there's going to be trouble -   Lots of trouble.  
 It was for targeted harrassment: either me reposting this pic of eddie or my replies in that cunt lara ingraham's cunt tweet.looks like alot went down fast 
 Its just a game for them 
 	thats Retarded What wars have Trump Started? None He cleaned up Nwo Wars Only  
 Angry Lesbian Goes Off on Vile, Homophobic Rant Against Us Senator  via  
 	I can’t stand this bull dyke 
 Wear a Che T-shirt to the rally? Sure as long as I get this picture on it: 
 	I love a photo of the two women shooting dead che Guevara on shirt not evil cunt shoot normal people thinking it he hard cunt when he fuck ing chicken cock  
 They just have to ruin everything, don’t they? 
 	Some shitskin retard tried explaining to me how Ursula was the good person, and the prince who kisses Ariel when she's under a curse was raping her without consent.  
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
   Bye bye Viv, you nasty troll. You should have kept your disgusting potty mouth shut. Nevertheless, your bitterness at your own sad miserable existence got the better of you.    Have a nice life on Gab, you belong here. Our true patriots don't. 
 	Tommy Robinson's team told you to get lost Not his ex Pa - his Whole Team.  You hang on Bluehand's coattails for same reason plus the added bonus you can abuse women.except for this one.  Are we a tad limp now? Never mind.go and chat up Sheila I'm sure she'll find you another victim tout suite.   
 		Ah the 'B' team makes an appearance.  So many ppl? what your sad little crew? What am I lacking? Well it's certainly not some old pasty cunt poking her nose into my business now is it.  Pull your mask down tramp you make my eyes bleed. 
 Spirit In The Sky by Norman Greenbaum  -   
 	kike faggot 
 	Cunt hats.  How else to say , I don't have to make sense.  
 Ny - White Chris Bilcik, 59,  was sitting alone in Ray’s Pizza  when the unhinged Black man walked in, grabbed a slice of his own, and launched into a racially charged diatribe for no apparent reason.   
 	Hillary promises more violence. Random nigger delivers more violence. 
 		unconstitutional? liars! prez chooses, senate advise ie hey prez this guys a dick or he is ok, then consent ie take the vote. has this prick read the process laid out by the constitution?Yes and he chose to be a Screaming Retard Hint they were sooo close to ending the republic forever, this guy Trump has screwed their evil plan completely 
 So by your retarded logic people who like Metal/Goth music worship the devil and people who play Call of Duty or Gta are all homicidal maniacs wanting to shoot up the joint. How many times were you dropped on your head as a baby?  
 R u one of the retarded twats causing shit for GABs owner?   
 "Celebrate European cultural heritage" with Google <<< Translation - that is Google's special version of nigger history in , that does not even exist.  bullsh*t propaganda working 24/7 as usual.                 
 	I've bought you an early Christmas gift, Marcus.  This will help you blend-in, in the new Europe.  :-{|} 
 		Ha ha, very thoughtful, but I think I will pass. 
 		Chicken! ;-) I may go full ( Celtic-Red ) Afro. 
 		Chicken! ;-) I may go full ( Celtic-Red ) Afro. 
 "The Disappearance of Men" by Dario McDarby. A good read:  h/t  
 	Another Christian commenting on television shows he has never watched. 
 		And you know that he hasn't watched them? 
 			The Dick Van Dyke Show was about a normal family and promoted marriage, having kids and fidelity. Rob and Laura were both tempted and never cheated once. Of course Rob was funny - He Was A Comedy Writer! That was his fucking job!   Oh, and that job allowed Laura to stay home and raise the kid. 
 			The Dick Van Dyke Show was about a normal family and promoted marriage, having kids and fidelity. Rob and Laura were both tempted and never cheated once. Of course Rob was funny - He Was A Comedy Writer! That was his fucking job!   Oh, and that job allowed Laura to stay home and raise the kid. 
 Assuming the dope that scrawled this lives in a tourist town, he might want to reconsider what tourists bring to the local economy as opposed to what 'refugees' bring. 
 	The writings of toxic marxism. 
 		The writings of retarded liberals who hate their own country. 
 Well, except act too soon and force things to heat up before we're ready. He totally Leroy Jenkins'd it; he's like the old guy on the wall at Helm's Deep who shoots off an arrow before told and triggers the first nigger -- I mean orc! -- assault. We Might be safe enough to weather this and still build a real counter assault we can sally out with. Maybe.  
 	Two downvotes actually 
 	Two downvotes actually 
  
 		cunt 
 	House "Negro" That sounds alot like Nigger . I thought even Black was an affront to our African Decendents 
 Elite Pedophile Early Release From Prison?    
 	Weiner, Why Early Release?  Wh Comments Line 202-456-1111.   He Should Never Be Permitted To Be Around His Son Jordan   Or Any Child.  THis Is WhAT Is Wrong In America! 
 		Maybee the reason why Einer is getting early release, is because he turned states evidence against HillBilly Clintons. 
 			I Hope Nature Steps In, And Kills Him. 
 			One can hope . 
 			He's a spineless diatribe who's only interest is self preservation and gratification so the sky is the limit. The only honest solution would be a life threatening Std he caught from Jail.  
 			He's a spineless diatribe who's only interest is self preservation and gratification so the sky is the limit. The only honest solution would be a life threatening Std he caught from Jail.  
 Men created a world so safe and secure that even the crippled, the in-firmed and the retarded can continue to survive. 
 Dude, shut your retarded internet cowboy ass the fuck up. You posted wrongly. Shut the fuck up and don't do it again. A chick in a hijab finger-synching heavy metal is not "news."  
 		Muted? you have the soul of a left - retard child woman. You mute everyone when shit hits the fan because you cannot deal with the real world. I was not attacking you, I was attacking people who rely on experts. 
 It doesn’t matter if you oppose shooting up a synagogue; if you’re a Republican, you’re still a Nazi to them.   There’s no sense in trying to appease these people, they still hate you and want you dead. 
 	Oh well another retarded asswipe. 
 Portland Police Want To Charge Driver With Crimes After Escaping Mob Protest - Violent Protesters Considered "Victims"  
 	Shit like this get's the blood pumping. So infuriating to see those entitled, self-righteous, millennial logs of feces disrespecting elderly Americans, even terrorizing them. And the faggot Portland Pd wants to prosecute them?   . 
 Rastus already has 5 nigger girlfriends on the side, unbeknownst to Mrs. Oblivious. She'll find out when they show up at her door in the middle of the night with baseball bats. 
 Hmmm  
 	What the fuck is halal? I know I'm a hillbilly in Kentucky, but I don't eat nothing, if I can't see what type of varmit I'm shooting at! 
  
 	Just proves what I always knew. Hillary is a fucking cunt 
      Boom! Honduran Caravan Caught Getting Paid To Invade United States - Gop Rep Sounds the Alarm      
 		Believe me, it will be a very long, and 'very' convoluted trail that may just lead back to him if you are very lucky.  
 		Believe me, it will be a very long, and 'very' convoluted trail that may just lead back to him if you are very lucky.  
 	that's because the Real science would make your nigger head explode, you fucking worthless bag of shit.  
 I didn't even realize that cunt Feinstein was 85 years old.  Happy to know she is much closer to death than I thought. 
 48 Harvard Law students filed Title Ix complaints against Kavanaugh claiming his presence was sexual harassment.       Not often we get to watch the value of a Harvard Law degree collapse in real time. 
 	I wouldn't spend that kind of money so my kid would turn into a spy boy, ken doll p*spy or my daughter turn to a Swj Dyke 
 Shoutout to all the Irish people who’s families were enslaved, came to the Us & Australia for a better life, worked in factories and on farms then got called privileged and blamed for slavery by beta male, soy drinking hypocrites and depressed feminists.   - Blair           
 		damn white British bastards! Lol 
 		Still better than being a Southern Slav under Ottoman occupation. Being considered less than dirt and all. 
 		When you say British, think Jew. The so-called British Empire was always a Jewish Empire. And the Jews were always the main traffickers of slaves, white, black, yellow, whatever. 
 		That our borders are open to the brits and we have given up our claim on the island for their benefit and that we nationalised british bank debt is more stupid than anything. 
 		That our borders are open to the brits and we have given up our claim on the island for their benefit and that we nationalised british bank debt is more stupid than anything. 
 wetback kitchen     
 Some Notable Facebook Shareholders File (Mostly Symbolic) Proposal To Oust Mark Zuckerberg As Chairman  Several major Facebook shareholders have submitted a proposal calling for Ceo Mark Zuckerberg to step down as chairman of the company’s board. The filing is mainly symbolic, since Zuckerberg has almost total voting control, an arrangement that has earned the company’s board structure comparisons to    via  
 	So another below board cunt can take his place 
 	So another below board cunt can take his place 
 I think he prefers throat yogurt to jello.but who knows anymore.it’s probably a gender fluid grannies retard 
 Clinton emails: Billionaire Soros said he regretted backing Obama  By Kristina Wong - 12/31/15   
 	Beware.Soros Solicits Sympathy This Way. .He Tries To SWay People To His Side.Dont Be Fooled.This Monster Must Be Ended 
 		The last thing that faggot should be near is anything labeled education. 
 This article makes me want to rip Anglin's head off even more now. A White woman was gang raped, tortured, and murdered, but because one of the blacks said that she consented if they would let her go, Ds wants you to make whore memes of her.    
 		It appears to me she only "consented" to save her life. And then they re-nigged on her. 
 		Please note the "men" who commented/did memes are all using pseudonyms. 
 		Nasty faggots! 
 		Nasty faggots! 
 Snoop Dogg Calls Kanye West an ‘Uncle Tom’ for Supporting America First Agenda    Here is another piece of shit that deserves the noose. This garbage human and "entertainers" like him are responsible for "thug culture" in America which unsurprisingly promotes violence, prostitution, real misogyny, degeneracy, and drug use. Scum like this clown are influences on the youth of today. Music has always played a major role in influencing the minds of our children, no style of music has had as big of a negative effect as "hip-hop". The message in the music is as low and disgusting as it gets, and of course, it is very liberal.    
 	the nigger world is all abuzz about jive ass nigger scandal. 
 	Lets vote for the party with 75% jewish money, not the party jews are fleeing.what a fucking retard 
 	Lets vote for the party with 75% jewish money, not the party jews are fleeing.what a fucking retard 
 Melania Trump spokesperson calls for boycott of rapper T.I. over video featuring first lady lookalike stripping in Oval Office   
 	I like how polite everybody is on this thread and how they’re all pretending to not know what or who  they’re ltalking about.  It’s called Rap Music. It’s part of modern American Nigger Culture and it’s nothing new, it’s been around since the 80’s.you never heard of it ? All the songs about raping and beating Ho’s & Bitches ? All the songs about fuck the police and kill the Cops ? All the songs about being in Gangs and doing drugs ? All that just passed you by ?  
 Not even an hour into looking through gab I am floded with alt-right and Nazi values. Extremely sexist and homophobic comments as well as hella xenophobic shit. The reason most y'all come here is because any other place would judge you, which just so you know to judge someone based on what they say is not anti-free speech. 
 		Coolio 
 		Coolio 
         @2sense                    
 	why should whites be cared for by blacks?    
 		Bring that nigger to the whipping post. The only thing a nigger understands is a good ass kicking. 
 Funny how Soros, Clinton, Obama and Cnn, all major players in establishing victimhood politics, are now being painted as "victims" themselves.   But people like Ben Shapiro claim you're "deranged" for thinking this might be a leftist plot to gain sympathy from voters before the midterms.   Another braindead Npc. 
 		because his wife is a doctor 
 		because his wife is a doctor 
 What has happened to Gab in wake of this politically convenient synagogue shooting is an utter disgrace!   Facebook broadcasts murders and suicides, Twitter allows terrorist propaganda and death threats and (for some reason) 4chan never gets touched when it inspires school and mass shootings; what's wrong with this picture?   @a     
 	It's because Gab is specifically by Nazis and for Nazis. The other sites aren't. Look in the mirror. "Politically convenient". 11 people were murdered. 
 		So you are a nazi? You liberals are too dumb to exist. How do you not set yourself on fire tying your shoes each morning you dumb ignorant redneck moron? 
 i'm totally sure her hatred of white men won't rub off on her daughter. 
 	Gee, there's a shocker - another jewish cunt bitching about White men. 
 No Trump! No Gop! No Faggot Usa! 
 		Islam is a satanic cult that worships a pedophile piece of shit. The religion of piss and its practitioners can go to hell. We need to start destroying these muzzie shitheads now 
 Here's the faggot . . .   
 "Muh police".    
 	So the Laws in Europe are just as nigger rigged as they are in the U.S. My cousin was a Sargent in the Us army and was stationed there for three years the talked great about their government today.  Saying it was now a socialist country but then you read shit like this and they sound just as fucked up legally as we are they just get health care.  
  
 	i Don'T Think This Marxist Cunt Is Going To Live That Long. just a Feeling I Have. 
 	There already is an Owner Database. Check the Fbi. 
 		Federal law expressly prohibits the maintenance of a national database of gun owners. 
 			When "They do a "Nicks" on you, what are they referencing? It's your Fbi file. 
 				They're not checking a database of gun owners. They're checking your criminal history. And the results are not stored in any federal database. 
 					If you are a gun owner, Your in their database.in your Fbi file. 
 						No I'm not. You've been listening to paranoid anarchists. Learn some genuine facts. 
 							Because the government wouldn't lie to you, huh?        - - - - - - - - -  Fusion Gps / Fisa Abuse / No Hearings? / No Judges? / No Applications? / Rosenstein / Brennan / Clapper / Mueller / Rice / Power / Rhodes / Illegals over American Citizens / Unmasking / Obamagate / Fbi / Immunity / Bleachbit / perjury / Huma / Mills / Weiner / Laptop / Blackberries / Irs Hard Drives / Smashed. / Foundation / Unsecured servers / Voter Fraud / Scope Memo? / Uranium One / Pervert Island / Blumenthal / Bergdahl / Steele / Doj / Strzok / Ohrs / Page / Yates / McCabe 700K$+ / Comey / Memos / Leakers / Lynch / Soros / Tarmac / Dnc server? / Awan It / Seth Rich / Taliban 5 / Benghazi / Holder / Fast and Furious / Las Vegas? What Las Vegas? / Dnc Fraud / Podesta / Mook / Palmieri / Fallon / Jarrett / Obama / Hillary / McDonough / Priestap / Ig Report / Treason / Msm Censorship / Msm Soft Civil War / Awans Walk ! / Benghazi / Taliban 5 / Berghdal / Voter Fraud / Feinstein China Spying 20 Years / Iran Ransom 
 										Sorry, I don't argue with retards. 
 		god damn cunt I anit no snitch you stupid fuck ,but godamn one you nasty kike wannabes ever did touch i would be worst then a snitch fuck face wop dego 
 Beware the faggot ghoul 
 	Which one do you belong to, cornhole driller?  Nice and self aware of how it is instant expertise with no axe to grind. Abraham is in the Bible, but it is distorted to think that is the core.  Do you know about the Trinity?  which one is Abraham?  You remember that most jews will not be saved?  Also in the Bible.  Wonderful you are so well informed with niggerfact points. 
 	Which one do you belong to, cornhole driller?  Nice and self aware of how it is instant expertise with no axe to grind. Abraham is in the Bible, but it is distorted to think that is the core.  Do you know about the Trinity?  which one is Abraham?  You remember that most jews will not be saved?  Also in the Bible.  Wonderful you are so well informed with niggerfact points. 
 One More reason not to see this piece of shit movie--removing the flag was enough for me, so this is just icing from communist cunt    
 	This coming from a product of Pedowood!  Still haven't stopped laughing! 
 	This coming from another one of those creatures with a case of the "pop-eyes" (like socialist ocrazyeyes). 
 	The Donald will love this moniker, "Giant Penis of America".  It's Awesome. 
 	  "Blasted for Lack of Diversity Because it Dare Depict the Actual Whiteness Getting us to the Moon"  "Some on the left have bemoaned the fact that the film has an all-white, male-dominated cast, *even though it’s a historically accurate depiction*"    
 	  "Blasted for Lack of Diversity Because it Dare Depict the Actual Whiteness Getting us to the Moon"  "Some on the left have bemoaned the fact that the film has an all-white, male-dominated cast, *even though it’s a historically accurate depiction*"    
 	i'm curious what why this stupid cunt thinks we can't wear certain costumes 
 Hahaha   
 	One less retard to pollute the gene pool, can't say I feel even the slightest bit sorry for him. 
 	They have a phone number. 202-955-3600 wouldnt hurt to call and say he is a faggot 
 "Rainbow Nation" 
 	I don't remember black being a color in the rainbow. Hmmm. 
 		The people who unironically say "Rainbow Nation" with legions of niggers and no other races in it are simply too retarded to know the difference. 
 Copy Of Copy Of Copy Of Dumb Faggot World 
 It's that time of year again in New England, when the leaves turn yellow and red. Time for apple picking, and apple cider. Time to select a big pumpkin to carve into a Jack-O-Lantern later this month. Time to give thanks for a bountiful harvest, and stack wood for the coming Winter's cold and snow. Life is good. 
 	Best of all? Not a nigger in sight.  
 Light-heavyweight Anthony Smith (31-10-0) submits Volkan Oezdemir (14-3-0) in Round 3 of tonight’s  Fight Night 138 main event. 
 	You think Smith is part nigger? He looks like he has some nigger in his woodpile, kinda like Anglin.  
 'seriously im not racist'- Oh , thats great to here, While Your Fucking People Are Being Slaughtered. Disgusting cunt 
 Nfl = Nigger Faggot League! 
 Shocking Video Shown In Court Of Man Opening Fire On Teenager Who Was Asking For Directions -      
 	detroit nigger tries to rob man, man doesn't put up with it. man now in trouble. 
 Have a great great day gabbers and Gabettes  Have a great day guys 
 	All I can think of : "Oh give me a home  etc etc et" 
 		the Hillbilly in me sees this  Bugs Bunny's square dance in 'Hillbilly Hare'   
 		the Hillbilly in me sees this  Bugs Bunny's square dance in 'Hillbilly Hare'   
 Paper Americans will never love America like real Americans. 
 	While this is true, a lot of them are still better than the native born Anti-American Americans.  
 		Oh, without a doubt, there's no America without us Honkies. But while Juans should be admitted in small numbers, the ones that Do play by our rules and assimilate. I'll take them 100 times a day over some feminist twat at Ut Austin waving a dildo around campus and screaming about "patriarchy!" 
 Let's wait and see what happens. The judge said he wants to consider her financial situation before he imposes a sentence. Don't be surprised when she just gets a slap on the wrist. Chapel Hill is the fag and nigger loving capital of Nc.  
 Real name Samatha Ness from Minnesota. A school teacher.    Ppl of Minnesota, if you know this person, please call the Fbi imediately.    She needs to be checked out at least. 
 	Fucktard dozy twat Pink hair & felt-tip eyebrow,s.= well holy Jesus? Lol  Some boy,s are gonna have some fun with this. Whatever this is, bullwhip,s at the ready 
 We know who is behind the gab shut down 
 	Of course, the cunt wants it all. As Robert Demento said "I'd like to punch him in the head." 
 Delusional cunt Kate White making up stories again. Delusions and lies are all you fucking got Kate.  
 Nobody gets it.  Sacha Baron Cohen didn't do  because he complained they made it Pg and didn't show the midgets and cocaine and why Freddie Mercury died of Aids.   Same Thing with these  bombs.   did some cocaine with a midget and some  kid took what he said seriously and will spend life in jail because of it. 
 		It worked for that Tom Hanks movie "Philadelphia".  And for Matthew McConaughey in "Dallas Cowboy". Why are you trying to hate?  Sheesh. 
 		Take it easy. We're having some fun here. I always enjoyed "Queen" and Did mention that Freddie Mercury was talented--helluva voice! 
 		I love Freddie Mercury.  Maybe you didn't understand that I'm siding with Sacha and the desire for the R-rated tell-all that reveals the truth of the life he lived.  He lived a wild life and paid the price for it.    Instead, we get a Pg-13 movie about how the band was always more important.  And we don't get a Val Kilmer in the starring role. 
 		I love Freddie Mercury.  Maybe you didn't understand that I'm siding with Sacha and the desire for the R-rated tell-all that reveals the truth of the life he lived.  He lived a wild life and paid the price for it.    Instead, we get a Pg-13 movie about how the band was always more important.  And we don't get a Val Kilmer in the starring role. 
 See, she can stay awake when she thinks about it.     
 	Tick tock. 
 		Nope. 
 			?  You dont like Barrett? 
 					  Wow!  
 						Indeed. 
 						Indeed. 
 Her name is Samantha Ness. She's a grade school teacher in Minnesota. Her school director can be contacted at (651) 423-8100. 
 	This cunt is poisoned children with left poison. She should banned for life as teacher. 
  is Very Partisan, and     
 	The pos is deranged or paid to act like a retard 
  
 	Go be a nigger spic somewhere else. 
 	Hillary's one sick cunt 
 	it's probably some antifa faggot that's bitter about the kavanaugh confirmation. 
 Are the Democrats to be investigated over their Kavanaugh lies?   I hope so!   Seven Gop congressmen call for House and Senate Ethics investigations into leaking of Ford letter     
 	Their "in house" ethics investigations all end in either nothing or a dirty look across the aisle. I want to see some jail time and some impeachments. They say they want impeachments? I say we do the same until every rat is Gone and Jailed! Conducting business as an elected official implies honesty. If you lie or mislead, it's a felony! 
 		Sounds reasonable to me. Throw the dried up cunt in jail. 
 Eric Holder advocating for violence against Republicans is being noticed by even Cnn    
 	Holder and Hillary and Obama (hiding in the shadows giving directions) are inciting Democrats nationwide to rise up in violence against  and  so we won't go to the polls November 6    People 
 		Delta Force should terminate his life.  Dead Chicago nigger is dead. 
 	Umm it was the Npc meme 
 		 
 		 
 	No, that's a wannabe 
 	Did everyone else also just get vague notices about "unusual activity", instead of an actual example of something they posted that supposedly violated Twatter's rules?  
 	Did everyone else also just get vague notices about "unusual activity", instead of an actual example of something they posted that supposedly violated Twatter's rules?  
 Hey cock sucker. Your bitch Carolyn Emerick has been talking shit about the alt right, men, and Christians for far too long. Now we have these faggot ass crystal ramming faggots talking shit too. You guys are subversive. I had no problem until this became pagans vs Christians by that fucking whore 
 		I'm just surprised that your Mrs. Can leave the house on her own at 450lbs. I guess someone has to pay the bills around there, since you don't. 
 		Give that bitch a couple more Big Macs for me! 
 	Why so many redhead girls are being turned into niggers in fiction? 
  
 		Yeah.  Because I copied you.  But you are to retarded to prove it!  Go ahead.  Lol. I will be waiting.  Btw, don't miss your chance to get another booster shot.  I think they are free this time of year.    
 Beware of this Whigger race traitor queer former White Nationalist.  He followed me on Twitter & reported me for replying to an abusive Tweet.  I think he's been working for the Adl for years and infiltrated Vnn and Stormfront.    
 Even if you dislike someone, still be nice to them. God has a right to not like us, but He is still nice  to us. 
 	 - "God has a right to not like us"? Really? "[God] is still nice to us"- seriously? Please advise- because if all that's true, then I'll have to let my pastor know about it immediately.         
 		james ward is a faggot 
 		American. 
 			Yeah and American naturally. Gab is wrongly seen as a Far Right site because of these racist twats. Hardly the place to attract blacks, Asians and Jews is it. But evidently I had to "prove" that to him. So I bloody have lol 
 				It may have a lot of Neo-Nazis on board, however, is free speech a far-right thing? I don't think so.  
 					Free speech is a normal thing. The only types who don't want it are socialists because it fooks up their ideology completely. National Socialists are just greedy socialists who want their socialism just for themselves and not other races. Take that away and you have lots of little antisemitic Corbyns on here :) 
 							I agree. It's the National Socialists who don't. For them white cultures are only for whites. The black girl I'm seeing is as British as me. Just watch! That'll get them all going again lol 
 																			No. I said they weren't naturalised in a former colony. They were born here too. I'm no dumb nigga :) 
 If a Muslim. 
 	If you're a muzzie it's neither. 
 This cunt is very clear! 
 This cunt is very clear! 
  Hillary Clinton and top aides lose their security clearances 
 	Should have happened many years ago in fact that traitorous retard bitch clinton should have never received a security clearance. 
 	Ah! look the failed traitor surfaces. 
 	Ah! look the failed traitor surfaces. 
 	I’d only go there to live once the Kurds are given their own Homeland.  They would give refuge to Yazidis and a few other good tribes and they are naturally good people.  We should nuke all the rest and let them inherit that part of the Earth.  They are Semites, which is why I only ridicule anyone who calls me an antisemite. fucking ignorant fools know nothing! 
 		Antisemite almost always means anti-Jew.   No-one says "I'm an antisemite. I hate Jews.oh yes, and a few other Semitic tribes too" lol 
 			Incorrect. You are again as ignorant as shit. Look up Semites cunt and weep! 
 				I know about Semites you gormless oaf. The word antisemitism is almost exclusively applied to Jew hatred. Who hates other Semite tribes ffs? 
 					israelis hate semite tribes 
 							The Queen is a MUslim now folks. Bet he has a YouTube video to prove it too. They always have YouTube videos lol 
 								Wow?  that's true   You guys need to fight now   Before you're rounded up & beheaded 
 												It'll Be Worse With Big Ears And Shoddy on The Throne, He's A Muslim Lover. 
 New: Verdict reached in murder trial of Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke for the shooting death of African-American teen Laquan McDonald four years ago.  
 New: Verdict reached in murder trial of Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke for the shooting death of African-American teen Laquan McDonald four years ago.  
 The Jews run Both political parties.   The alt-right was never a political party. It started as a bunch of people, mostly gamers, discussing politics on the internet.   It hit too close to home.   So Jews named it "alt-right" & Supplied It'S Most Visible Leaders.          I believe  other "names", like Spencer & Candace Owens Are Shills. 
 	Other shills on the right: Faith Goldy, Lauren Southern (Jewish), Britain First (Jayda Fransen is Jewish), Mike Cernovich, Weev (Jewish), Laura Loomer (Jewish), Baked Alaska (most likely a shill as he worked with Loomer and for Milo)   The Jew owned rebel media.   If (((they))) let them get Way up in the public eye they are probably Shills.   Alex Jones. 
 		also, just because you are pro-Israel does not automatically make you a shill or that you're owned by the Jews.   Just like being pro-immigration does not mean you're owned by Soros.  
 			Those who support Israel know the facts, scumbag.  Those who oppose Israel are morons without them, and/or refuse to learn any. 
 					Suck my cock, idiot filth. 
 Man  is really going all out. Time for Fbi to seize 8chan servers.     
 		Except Sa Sommers already sent a memo asking a judge to seize and put everyone under a gag order. That was yesterday. It's a national security issue. That means it was done today. If you don't want to go to federal prison I would stay off 8chan, qmap, et al. The memo specifically cited those sites based on material on his person and what was expedited off electronic devices. They could've walked away from  once they learned the truth that  and  created and made this thing trend. Instead they wanted to trust a mythical plan made up by Pamphlet and Baruch. 
 			keep watching mockingbirds on tv 
 				Every single one of you that used 8chan, qmap, etc are now fucked. And it will never end. Hop to new devices and they will just migrate their tracking based on your meta profile. Please appreciate the irony of this.    
 						There will be no military tribunals. Let's get the  community to put their money where there mouth is. Get a bunch together and out in a large amount of $$. I'll match it and we'll make it a bet. Loser has to pay it to a charity. Getting against Q is always a winning bet. Furthermore, the best part of all of this is deep down, you all know you're following some reject whole stole the Q identity. But you keep up the lie.     
 						There will be no military tribunals. Let's get the  community to put their money where there mouth is. Get a bunch together and out in a large amount of $$. I'll match it and we'll make it a bet. Loser has to pay it to a charity. Getting against Q is always a winning bet. Furthermore, the best part of all of this is deep down, you all know you're following some reject whole stole the Q identity. But you keep up the lie.     
 No president has ever put pressure on Mexico this way.    The Mexicans always said that an open border was a relief valve. If we clamped down on illegal immigration, all those migrants would go home--poor and pissed off--and they'd overthrow the Mexican government.    Then Mexico would become a failed state like Somalia, and we'd have to invade, occupy, and nation build. There are multiple studies outlining this scenario.            Trump said, "You're using the threat of becoming a failed state to blackmail us. Well, we'll just wall you off and let You deal with the hell you created by being corrupt and dishonest."   As we keep seeing, everything we were told before the Trump Era was a lie.    Although that's extremely horrifying to contemplate, at least we lived long enough to see it all change.    God bless Donald Trump. 
 	You are an idiot.  
 		President Eisenhower - deported 1 million Mexicans in one year  Trump - can't deport more than a socialist nigger  So much winning, Maga, Trust the Plan 
  
 	Karen Monahan after Sand Nigger Ellison beat her 
 Sure do 
 		Thanks for your comment, Neeto Heeto. I fully respect your right to be a cunt. I too reserve the right to be a cunt, and to enjoy being a cunt when forced not to be polite. Thank you. 
 I Fully Support President Trump using Deadly military force to defend the United States from Foreign Invaders who are hell bent on destroying this country. 
 	We don't attack unarmed people. No matter how much you hate them. Wtf is wrong with you people? It's as if you aren't Americans or something.  
 		Oh. Unite the Right Rally, where they plowed down 19 Americans, killing one. Where some redneck shot his gun into the crowd.   
 		Oh. Unite the Right Rally, where they plowed down 19 Americans, killing one. Where some redneck shot his gun into the crowd.   
 How can the Jewish state of Israel be the "Holy Land?"   Israel is full of Abortion clinics and Gay pride parades.    Preaching the gospel of Jesus is illegal in Israel.   Israel is Not the Holy Land             
 	Faggot Jews  
 Remember fellas. Any asshole with a gun and and a death wish can shoot up a synagogue and spend the rest of his life in prison, but only people with political power can expel the race of traitors from our continent. 
 		Lol That's right bitch! We Conquered this land, We fucked its women, We killed thousands. And we're gonna do it again just like we did it to those Kikes yesterday. 
 Confirmed Anti-American communists, posing as white nationalists and shilling to demoralize conservative voters and/or convince them not to vote:    Nazbowl siege man    Silverdawn    Proud Wasp    Vanilla Nilla   *** A couple of these could just be completely clueless fucktards, but I doubt it. 
 	 
 		Most of them will be sympathetic, the ones who arent will be passive enough or easy enough to distinguish as enemies by their faggot lisp and pink hair etc. 
 		Most of them will be sympathetic, the ones who arent will be passive enough or easy enough to distinguish as enemies by their faggot lisp and pink hair etc. 
 Cnn reporter gets blasted over homophobic tweets dug up from college but says it doesn’t represent who she is now! First response is beautiful. 
 	I'm torn between simply going along with everyone pointing out her hypocrisy as it relates to Kavanaugh (and also the ridiculously retarded thought that you could be disqualified for a job for something you said or did at age 17) and pointing out that her Tweet just said she wouldn't room with a lesbian.  She's being hounded for not wanting to live with a homo. 
 Breaking: Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder in the shooting death of Laquan McDonald.   
 Breaking: Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke found guilty of second degree murder in the shooting death of Laquan McDonald.   
  
 	Get that faggot off muh Swastika!  
 Democrats Today    The Supreme Court is illegitimate    The Senate must be dismantled    The Electoral College must be destroyed   Also:    Pres. Trump undermines our Republic 
 	Spray the whole crowd with concentrated ghost chili oil in aerosol form and watch the fun. 
 		Not all Dems are like that and there are plenty of the Gop that think Trump is a bad president.  I am not a member of either party but I think President Trump has done a few things right and many things wrong. 
 			I have an über dictum I live by: I Pledge Allegiance To The Flag -  not some guy in a suit. Trump does not get a free pass from me. That said, the crowd in that picture gets a pepper oil smackdown. So does Portland antifa. 
 				Wouldn't it be more appropriate to swear allegiance to the Usa and the Constitution there of?  After all, a flag is just cloth. 
 					The flag is just a piece of cloth.    Fuck you, buddy. My Brothers and I fought, and some died, for that piece of cloth. Asshole.     
 						What a spineless cuck.  "The flag is just a cloth"  "The anthem is just a shitty song about violence."  "The constitution is just an outdated piece of paper." 
 								Context, bud.  Context. 
 								Context, bud.  Context. 
 	I felt obligated to share this with you. 
 			idiot 
 			idiot 
                
 	Lmao that dumb cunt is a retard. Anyone who endorses a democrat is just a stupid. Why you people insist on destroying America is beyond disbelief or reasoning. This woman needs put in front of the firing squad with all the other anti American thrash in Congress and the Senate and shot in the forehead for being traitors and anti Americans  
 Trump = Jewish   Trump = Zionist   Trump = Israel First   Americans = retarded 
 Another victim of poundmetoo     
 	The boy doesn't need "support" or "counseling". He busted a nut w that spic puta and loved it. What he needs is education in why you don't fuck spics, esp possibly (((enemy))) ones. For now, though, he's the stud of that school. :D 
 	Eleanor Roosevelt was a white woman. Why would Hillary attend a ceremony honoring a white woman? 
 		i just figured because eleanor was a dyke and franky nailed everything, just thought it was because of those similarities between the pairs 
 i think this is still an open discussion, if Gop were held accountable to white people without jewish meddling the takeover would be possible, but there's a talmudic shield for them right now 
 	It's not even that.   It's the fact that people use shitty options in the general as a justification for not taking over the primaries, which is why these faggot agorists meet their destiny on the road they take to avoid it. 
 Cunt ! 
 What the Left does not understand is that we are not Nazis; from their point of view, we are much worse.   The Nazis wanted to conquer Europe and kill people.   We want to destroy Leftism and replace it with a Traditional social order, and then send away everyone who does not fit.   That means 20-40% of our population going elsewhere. Beat that, Nazis! 
 	Nazbols would send you away to tuol sleng you fucking cunt 
  
 	half nigger total idiot 
 	I don't know why the bold font went all nuts on this post, but okay. 
 	I don't know why the bold font went all nuts on this post, but okay. 
 Hey, Russians. Ca wants your vote. ya just have to get there.  
 	Just goes to show how retarded, literally retarded the Dems are! All we've heard was the Russians did it, colluded to take away the vote from them, and what do they do, turn around and attempt to do the very same thing! These people need to be blasted into space on a non return trip back! The only thing is, they are brazenly stupid enough to do it in the open! 
 Those of us who are anti-Trump have to deal with people who seem to inhabit an alternate universe.   In Universe Beta, Trump just built a border wall, pulled our troops out of Syria, and successfully re-negotiated trade deals with multiple countries. Oh, and illegal immigration is at an all time low.   What drugs are they smoking, and where can I find some? 
 	Where have you been? Some Faggot is using your avatar and I thought he was you until it became obvious he was an imposter so I gulaged him.  
 When Twitter says they don't allow encouragement of violence. they are obviously lying.  That is just one of the excuses they use to censor the voice of conservatives. 
 	I was locked for saying the word retard to blue checkmark lib. Saying kill a conservative is a ok over there, especially love the kill white males tweets. 
 Traitors get the Rope! 
 	I don't stand with Islam 
 				agreed 
 				agreed 
 So, due process doesn't apply to Us citizens, let alone esteemed jurists being vetted for Supreme Court, but lying Msm are right there with their retarded interpretation of the Bill of Rights as it so clearly applies to third world savages. Nice. 
 So, due process doesn't apply to Us citizens, let alone esteemed jurists being vetted for Supreme Court, but lying Msm are right there with their retarded interpretation of the Bill of Rights as it so clearly applies to third world savages. Nice. 
 My wife  takes a lot of guff here for her genuine expression of her Christian faith, a faith I share.   We are both well aware of the subversion within the Church, and as devout people, we are incensed at how external actors have perverted the message.  The people who attack the Church fail to realize it, far more than anything else, was what kept the threat of invasion at bay, and it's subversion has played an enormous role in our current degradation.    I don't expect everyone to share our faith.  I purposely do not talk often about my own beliefs because I'm not here for that purpose, and I respect people who disagree whose views do not threaten our civilization.    All that said, as a husband, I would simply ask if you disagree with her, then let it be.  I know social media deliberately encourages people to be our worst selves, but to the white nationalists who like to pick at her, please realize that if the efforts she makes to bridge these gaps succeed, we may all yet benefit.    And I will do the same.  Many Pagans know and respect me because we meet on grounds that allow for mutual respect.  As we do that, we become better people, and it's not about surrendering your beliefs, white knighting, or cucking, but rather about alliances to be built against common enemies. 
 	I am curious as to what church you speak of. Jesus was not a fan of the temples as you well know. Attacking an institution that makes money selling Jesus is very different from attacking your faith. I respect your wife for loving Christ openly and taking the abuse that follows. 
 		Jesus was a sand nigger faggot. 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 		another Lol! 
 		another Lol! 
 I still have a photo of Mr. Dick Nigger when we were still dating. 
 Breaking: Scientific proof that extensive space travel melts the brain.  
 	What a faggot response.  
 She should try living in Pakistan as a Christian or an Ahmaddi Muslim and learn about discrimination. 
 	Just another muzzie wannabe politician determined to kill off Scottish language and culture because she hates us. 
 	Just another muzzie wannabe politician determined to kill off Scottish language and culture because she hates us. 
 I have muted Several faggot wannabe Nazis today. I feel alive! 
 Lord only knows why, but a video I posted 2 years ago is all of a sudden blowing up on Youtube for some reason. Maybe you guys will enjoy watching a compilation of protesters getting run over too.     
 	im not a sick or violent person . before globalist and niggers reverted back into sub human animals back about 1994 i didnt hate anybody . but now after the past 20+ years of both their completely insane disgusting rapist animal behavior i laugh with glee seeing insane nigger death cells run over , the things are insane life wreckers  
 Any day a nigger dies is a good day.  
 what's murkowski's deal? is she sucking up to the eskimo vote? a true blue feminist wacko? closeted dem? 
 			This photo was taken a couple days ago.  Interesting dynamic, no? 
 			Absolutely Cursed Image 
 		Queue Sarah Palin next cycle. 
 			Or Joe Miller, he actually beat her in the Republican primary back in 2010. To give the dried out skank credit, she won as a write-in candidate in the general Senate election. Only she and Strom Thurmond have pulled that off. 
 			I remember well.  I like him too.  Palin sent a shot cross the bow directly to murkowski today on Twitter.  I can see 2022 from my front porch. Awesome. 
 		She was probably angling for some kind of reward. Democrats either paid her more or McConnell didn't bother meeting her price. 
 			Maybe. What I don't get is her going down with the sinking dem ship, pointless and uncharacteristic. She's a classic opportunist. They can strip her of committee positions and make her next 4 years very unpleasant if they want to. Only thing I can come up with is that she's pulling a Flake and not seeking reelection 
 			Maybe. What I don't get is her going down with the sinking dem ship, pointless and uncharacteristic. She's a classic opportunist. They can strip her of committee positions and make her next 4 years very unpleasant if they want to. Only thing I can come up with is that she's pulling a Flake and not seeking reelection 
 No. Stupid asshole for disobeying the 911 operator that told him to stay in his car and Not follow Trayvon. Instead, he decides to play Cop and provoked Trayvon into attacking him. Trayvon nigger thug yes.Zimmerman stupid asshole spick who was playing god. 
 A bit of revisionist history from Travis LeBlanc.   What anyone on the Trs forums knows is that it was open season in Richard Spencer there. And it was most certainly encouraged by the owners of Trs. If you criticized an owner of Trs, (((Weev))), Andrew Anglin, or Ricky Vaughn, you got banned. If you criticized a number of movement people that were on the 'purge list' like Richard Spencer, no problem whatsoever. The only thing that interrupted this process was Paul Nehlen's doxing of Ricky Vaughn.   As for the Daily Stormer "pushing out toxic elements from the movement", there is no more toxic element in the movement than (((Weev))). Greg Johnson says he agrees with LeBlanc on this, which is an outrage.      
 	One of the pillars that made Spencer a leader was being able to throw upscale conferences that could bring people together.  Mike’s hieling at Npi cut this off for him and played a huge part in Spencer’s decline in leadership. 
 		Also that Spencer was able to connect with normie focused people like Peter Brimelow. The heiling at Npi cut that off too.  In fact whenever something strange happens, especially as it relates the the Daily Stormer, it always results in some funnel into our cause being shut down. 
 			When Daily Stormer was promoting white identity, albeit a retarded version, it had no access to the real world.  When Spencer and others made white identity a real world position/movement that would attract high quality whites they imploded it with endless infighting and stunts.  They then redirected the energy into the gop where it would become nullified. 
 Twitter Suspends Influential Black Female Trump Supporter’s Account After She Announces She Is Attending Tpusa Event in Washington Dc    @a     
 	Democrats are just a bunch of racists. Look at how they try to undermine them.  
 		Dorsey is literally a nigger loving fag. He should be a racist. That would be healthy and normal  
 	 
 	Its what you do when you have no hope. I bought 3 of the megamillions and the night of the drawing I was thinking what life would be like if I had that kind of wealth. The opposite of the hellish life I live now. 
 		Well now it’s negative six dollars more hellish  
 		I hit 2 numbers but it was as worth the heavy day dreaming. 
 		glad I wasn't this guy. but I have had a ticket close to that. so close but so far away. 
 			 
 				The idiot tax gives me better odds that the ones I already have. 
 				The idiot tax gives me better odds that the ones I already have. 
 Us Navy helicopter crashes on UsS Ronald Reagan flight deck, sailors hurt   
 	  ****pls read & share***  U S Naval Command. What Is Going   On Here?  Too Many Crashes.SOMEOnE Has To Answer.   Prayers To Our Sailors. 
 			 
 			 
 Alt-right shills for Trump frequently accuse his detractors (i.e. the mentally sane) of having unreasonably high expectations. "You're whining because he hasn't gone full Rahowa!"   Nope. Actually, we would have been fine with basic civic nationalism & populism, at least for the time being.   This orange motherfucker fails Basic tests for competence. 
 	All I wanted was a wall, serious reduction in legal immigration (though I wanted a full moratorium), serious tariffs on China, Elimination of NAfta, peace with Russia, end to Syria/Afghan/IRaq wars, etc. I would have supported him if he had done that. He didn't do any of it! 
 		Or even try to do any of it. That's the key here.   Everyone with a brain knew that putting the Maga agenda into action wouldn't be easy. Not with a traitorous Gop, incompetent Fbi, activist judges, etc.   Nope. Orange Retard didn't even try. He signed an omnibus bill that forbids border wall funding, then bragged about it on twitter, not even knowing what was in it. 
 		Or even try to do any of it. That's the key here.   Everyone with a brain knew that putting the Maga agenda into action wouldn't be easy. Not with a traitorous Gop, incompetent Fbi, activist judges, etc.   Nope. Orange Retard didn't even try. He signed an omnibus bill that forbids border wall funding, then bragged about it on twitter, not even knowing what was in it. 
 Hey Gabbers, make this scumbag famous, he has not been caught yet I'm told. Notice the satanic pentagram charm around his neck   Man roundhouse-kicks pro-life woman  via   
 	I'd like to kick this faggot into next week. 
 once we are all allowed back on twitter the truth about the deranged nigger Mlk Jr will come out, who was almost a bigger scam than the nogger non grata Obama. truth is they are both commie illuminati niggers 
 Those that may not be criticised have stolen the English word Gay, which means Happy/Joyful and applied it the the most unhappy people on the planet. Also, a Faggot is a bunch of Sticks used for  Kindling.   I want my language back! 
  
 	jew cunt 
 Have you lost your fucking mind, dude?  Are you dead and some retarded piece of shit has taken over your account? 
 	Is this twat for real? 
 Just in case anyone is fucking confused. 
 	Just in case anyone hasn't realized that Paul Kersey is confused.   Our Founding Fathers were White Nationalists Paul! 
 		That faggot should be loyal to white people, not some stupid flag and gov that's Zog controlled anyway. 
 Operation Wetback 2.0 sounds good to me. 
 Operation Wetback 2.0 sounds good to me. 
 This is actually quite easily explained. Donna Brazile is a fucking idiot. 
 	Brazil is the house Nigger but she a Dem house nigger . 
 When you insult a check mark like @a 
 	>how dare they make us ban porn just because. Images are not real. >is that some anime I see  I'll fucking rip your anus out through your throat you pathetic silicon valley wannabe nigger 
 Sinead O’Connor ditches Catholicism converts to Islam   The woman has truely lost the plot!    
 	Lets just remember, 1 hit, almost 30 years ago, that's it, that's all this retarded Kojak has ever done, she is beyond irrelevant 
 Modern Day Lenny Bruce Quotes   "Take your civil liberties & free speech & shove them down your throat until you choke on them & bring up the truth"   "Only being called a cunt is worse than "racist" but it takes a real cunt to call someone a racist" 
 Policeman Caught Saying Dfla Protest Was Far Right Edl March - What Has Happened To The Uk Police?         
 	the Uk police are faggots taking muzzie dick up their ass 
 It strikes me that if you eliminate the Hr department from most companies, you'd eliminate the worst of the progressives.    They always use those positions to subvert companies. 
 	We must criminalize anti-white discrimination and anti-white hate speech. Its the central pillar from which we will reclaim our homelands.   There can't be any qualms about this or we will lose. 
 		Do you think criminlization is good?   Let the anti whites talk their shite.   Only the people united can enforce culture.   Police are merely statisticians of crime.   They hardly solve crime, they couldnt never enforce it.   It would also open the door to make the state or city "ungovernable" by overloading courts and police even more.    
 			Every one calls everyone nigger where I am.  Adelaide was raped by the Us niggers rap for 2 decades.   
 You might wanna read the original post. And I have no problem with pro-white movement. What I have a problem with is fapping to a dead faggot who turned the best country in the world into a smoking ruin in mere 12 years and got 15 million white people killed in the process. 
 Occultist faggot - Hitler was a Christian. 
 Lol    
 	How rich do you have to be to hire retarded jungle Asian surrogate mothers, and what jurisdiction do you have to live in to keep them away from leftist lawyers? Practical considerations, I don't feel like waiting for the Zombie Alpacalips. 
 	Every time i see an ignorant little cunt with multicolored hair i think.what an ignorant little cunt, i bet she is a libtard. Then i shake my head and laugh in your little cunt face. 
 Anyone who knows or see’s this Toronto (shithole) soy-boy faggot should punch him in the head and fu*k him up! All these libtard faggots are going down.male or female, shit doesn’t have a gender nor does the rage coming their way! Dare Libtards to bring it to the streets!  
 	Nigger Raheem Davis murderer. I hope they execute this nigger today. I hope they storm the jail to get it done. Half mast Candlelight vigil hero stolen truck the county Mourns heavy hearts the sickening cowards.call for lynching drag the goddamn Nigger through the streets. I'm sick of these dick taking politicians and judges and lawyers. 
 Are you against intraracial relationships? If so tell me why in the replies. 
 	Because Mix Breeding makes the Offspring have problems. I should know this because I am a mixed breed 
 		Depends on how Mixed the offspring is, for me I’m just retarded since I’m only 10% not pure yellow island nigger 
 			Was Salazar even ideologically fascist? Dictator, sure. 
 				Not in name, but he was a sight more fascistic than Franco, who was a reactionary traitor. 
 				Not in name, but he was a sight more fascistic than Franco, who was a reactionary traitor. 
   
 	There’s a cure for this- be an adult and  move the fuck out. 
 		Bacon And Eggs Sounds Right Good !   Fuck Vegans !   Brain Dead Morons !   Does That Twat Know That Pigs And Chickens Eat What That Bitch Ho EatS ? 
 An npc , as I understand it, has a few responses that he really never thinks about. Just a standard set of reactions without any real thoughts or reasons. Like shouting Jew every time someone disagrees. 
 	By far, charges of anti-Semitism are leveled much more often at the slightest affront to the sensibilities of Jews, than for someone to be shouting Jew everytime someone disagrees. They can't simultaneously put themselves in the lime light as it suits them, then complain that others put them in the lime light.  
 		Two wrongs don’t make a right. Wouldn’t it be better to stow the kneejerk response and use reason in both cases? 
 			When the incessant usage of the term Anti-Semitism drops, I'll be concerned.    Jews say muslims are their enemies but Jewish immigration agencies are pumping the Us and Europe full of muslims, to me that's an issue.    Trump moves the embassy to Jerusalem, is actively involved in issues concerning Israel, but Jews feel that obama was the first Jewish president and cancel a yearly meeting with rabbis started under obama because Trump said that, in Charlottesville, fault for the violence existed on both sides.   Jews protested Trump's ban on travel from certain nations to protect us from Terrorists, but other muslim nations travel was still open, but Jews didn't protest obama banning Syrian Christians, condemning them to enslavement, rape, and unspeakable tortures by the muslims Jews are so fond of.   "Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean no one is after you", an applicable saying about the term Jew.   Best regards.   
 				That’s typical. Long speeches and plugged ears. Typical nazitards 
 					Well Sir, which of us resorted to a personal slur, all the while saying we shouldn't engage in what some regard as a racial slur. I'll screen capture and add this to my list of comments that shows people tipping their hands.   Me thinkst your ears are plugged for reasons not related to my answer.   Best regards.  
 						Lol, naturally. Maybe you can put it in your gay nazitard diary too.crymore baby  
 							Fuck off faggot 
 Can someone please make this shit stop already!     
 	Kamala Harris is a Slut who slept her way into office !   She Fucked A Nigger ! 
 "The Jews, I find, are very very selfish.  When they have power, physical, financial, or political, neither Hitler or Stalin has anything on them for cruelty or mistreatment." -President Harry Truman 
 	racist  /ˈrāsəst/  noun  1.  a person who shows or feels discrimination or prejudice against people of other races, or who believes that a particular race is superior to another.  By the way, is it John Fitzgerald or Gerald Fits John? I hope you two find happiness 
 			I do stand up for my race, I'm part of this race of decent good people who love America, here's the good thing about joining my race, I don't care what your Dna is! Now give us a hug  
 			I do stand up for my race, I'm part of this race of decent good people who love America, here's the good thing about joining my race, I don't care what your Dna is! Now give us a hug  
  man threatened with  at Speakers Corner by . Police remove him from park, then  ban Him for posting about the incident.       
 	cause hes a pedo like you  
 		Silly little cunt Npc 
 	There's that kaffir mentality, they are literally retarded 
 		Di Wyte man poots di Aids into di condims ! 
 		There was a rape condom (with teeth) invented by an Sa doctor for disproportionate black on white rape,  shit you not,  they called it racist  
 			South Africa has one of the highest rape rates in the world, Human Rights Watch says on its website. A 2009 report by the nation's Medical Research Council found that 28 percent of men surveyed had raped a woman or girl, with one in 20 saying they had raped in the past year, according to Human Rights Watch. 
 				And the rape device is racist,  said Sjw 
 		I had a Boer friend who was here on a work Visa. I'm a Yankee and never really was around them, he used to play videos for me, he says,  when they swarm like locusts,  get out! 
 		He'd show me videos where they literally start swarming like locusts in the street  
 		 
 2 Farm murders in two attacks only hours apart were reported by Ian Cameron on Twitter. This comes shortly after Cyril Ramaphosa denied these killings at the U.N.    
 	Ramaphosa is a lying nigger jew. what did you expect? 
 Great Halloween Custom 
 	What are you going as this year? A low-Iq progressive fuckwad. 
 		I think I'll go as "CovfefeLukeTheDeplorable" the mental case liberal sand nigger retard that farts in his bathtub just to smell the bubbles. 
  
 	I’ve been to Bradford so I’m an expert on this,you stupid cunt. Go spend a few nights outside the east London mosque,you won’t be writing about your expertise then,in fact you’ll be getting written about as a fucking white trash cunt hospitalised by diversity.  
 With the shadow banning of conservatives on Twitter I decided to try this site.  I am fed up with the news and want to find out what is really going on in this great country of ours.  I am a Trump fan and he is the best president that we have had since Reagan and he may become the best ever.  I hope to meet some great patriots on this site as well. 
 	As a former conservative who loathes the Racist brainwashed retarded Democrats, I will tell you the best President we have had in the last 75 years is actually Jfk.  He has the balls to take on the cabal with executive order #11110 and issue money silver backed directly from the Federal Government which is exactly what is really needed.  The Fed Is the problem and the Racist Jews running media and the banks Are the problem.  You will not find that on any msm.  If you haven't pondered the Jew question, keep an open mind and listen. Please feel free to speak freely however, the Jew does not censor you here! 
 Locusts: Hero shop owner fights off 100 London youths with baseball bat   This is the shocking moment up to 100 rampaging youths swarmed like locusts into a supermarket, as terrified staff scrambled to fend them off with a baseball bat.   Scores of young men spilled out of a house party and caused mayhem on the streets of Crouch Hill.   Witnesses said they set off fireworks by a petrol station, threw missiles at cars, pushed a moped rider off his bike and hurled eggs and paint at passers-by before storming the shop.   Footage captured on the Budget Supermarket’s Cctv shows the gang rush inside and clear the shelves of sweets before being chased out by staff, one of whom grabbed a bat from under the counter.   Officers called in the Met helicopter, which kept watch as the crowd quickly dispersed.   Shop owner Hawar Bakhtear, 34, who can be seen running at the mass of youths with a baseball bat, suffered a deep cut to his hand after one attacker threw a bottle.   He said: They were like locusts, there were so many of them. The only thing I could do was protect my staff. I didn’t care about the stuff they were taking.   It was very scary and they need to be punished; if the police don’t react they will do it all over again.    
 	Nigger vermin. Safety in numbers, intimidation, threats and violence. The Islamic Protection Force (Police) will stand by and do nothing. Time to arm yourselves and fight fire with fire. The best immigrant scum are dead ones. 
 Who Is Cesar Sayoc? Social Media Shows Fixation on Gory Violence, Politics    
 	Faggot Who Used Steroids ! 
 It must be so depressing being black and knowing you have no history of your own and so must steal others .    
 	I am totally fed up with this. Wtf is "black history month"?  that would be erm. "history" Pc nonsense when a black man is trying to play James Bond.  The Bbc is constantly shoehorning Bame into every acting part. its just farcical.  "Up Next . Whoopi Goldberg in Queen Victoria goes to Spring Break." 
 		I can see that you too have a condition that I refer to as Nigger Overload!  I've had it for decades.  
 	This faggot is in the Eu . btw. 
 I am not saying the issues with the black culture vs the white is not a concern. I hate nigger trash of All hues. I have new ratchet-bro black neighbors moved in nearby. They are as niggery as it gets. Loud. Late night bonfires and drinking. Shouting. You know the drill.  I'm glad it is cold weather. Maybe I can drive them out when 6 months is up.  
 Do you understand that Nazis are extreme leftists? They want a strong centralized government with total control, socialized medicine and a single party system. Yep, extreme leftists. 
 		But true in this case. 
 		No. Nazis are definitely not leftists. That’s just stupid  
 		No. Nazis are definitely not leftists. That’s just stupid  
 "Kanye West is what happens when negros don't read" is an actual quote from Cnn today.    
 	Boy-cott,Cnn 
 		This is what happens when a plantation nigger decides to finally become an American. Cnn starts a shame campaign to get him to return to left wing slavery.  
 The Npc is immunized to all dangers. You may call them brainwashed, blind to the truth, downright stupid. It all runs off them like water does a raincoat. But call them an Npc and watch how they shrivel, step back, and say, "I've been found out." 
 	It Doesnt Bother Me At All When You CAll Me An Npc, Because You Nazis Are The Real NpcS!@$!&@ 
 		What's an Npc? 
 			Somebody’s a boomer. lol 
 				 And I called you the old grandpa happily raising his daughter’s nigger baby with that dumbass blank, the lights are on but no one’s home look you old bastards always have.  
 Rt OfficeOfMike    I watched  for a few min tonight, I honestly don't understand how this guy is even close in the polls to .  Are Florida voters that stupid?     
 	Free gibs sucks the retard contingent in every time. 
 Stupid cunt  (Pocahontas, Fauxcahontas) is about 1/1000th Indian. Maybe. Sorry, babe, that won't even get you $20 to play the slots with at the nearest Injun casino. Try again. What a lousy woman. 
 Fascist Left twat who murdered anti-Islamisation politician has conditions softened so can now move abroad    
 	Shitting on jesters like this should be illegal! 
 	Shitting on jesters like this should be illegal! 
 Never understood why they do that, retarded niggers think magic powder makes things clean. While writing it, I wish I could say I was bullshitting you but nope it's true. Have quite many times wanted to throw in some Molotov's or use some other form of fire, cleanse their apartment of the nigger stench.  
 I am sick and tired of this white supremacist, anti-jewish bullshit these fuck tards are spending on Gab. You jackasses need to wake up do something in your fucking life, stop complaining about everybody else and what they've done, and be a fucking individual. You're bunch of worthless twats. 
 		Why don't you crawl back into your hole and fuck your mother again you ignorant piece of shit. Your just another twat trying to blame everyone else in the world for your shortcomings. 
 		Why don't you crawl back into your hole and fuck your mother again you ignorant piece of shit. Your just another twat trying to blame everyone else in the world for your shortcomings. 
 Betty White passed away and willed half of her assets to the Trump campaign! Wow 
 	Talk About Winners.Rip Betty White.Thanks For Everything.   She Knows All About      
 		I think this is going around.  Dick Van Dyke supposedly died a couple of days ago and left millions to the Trump campaign.  He’s still alive.  Betty probably is, too 
 			I didn't hear about this, not that either of them dying would be a shock anyway since they're older than dirt Lol  It may be a concerted effort by Hellyweird lieberals to have these (still living?) legendary performers denounce Trump publicly.   As if they weren't unhinged enough 
 			I didn't hear about this, not that either of them dying would be a shock anyway since they're older than dirt Lol  It may be a concerted effort by Hellyweird lieberals to have these (still living?) legendary performers denounce Trump publicly.   As if they weren't unhinged enough 
 Steve Wilson insults  9/11 widow, runs when he sees her son      facebook.com/salvadorwell.wilson 
 		Bet it's all Drumpf's fault, too. Or fascists. 
 		Bet it's all Drumpf's fault, too. Or fascists. 
 Everyone loves Tommy. Everywhere he goes people stop & ask for selfies and tell him he is amazing. This is why the establishment want to shut him down. Easier to call him a far right extremism than deal with the problems he has been talking about for the last ten years. Islam is the problem not Tommy!  
 	They have been silencing people .for 1400 years.  That is how it was in the time of the most perfect role model  Lom 676 pdf 232 killing asmaa bint Marwan 
 		Gladstone for once was bang on the money. 
 		Gladstone for once was bang on the money. 
 	He was trying to be a modern day Robin Hood! I’m sure he was using the proceeds of the looted bounty to feed the starving neighborhood children! God, everyone is so quick to jump to conclusions. That old man wouldn’t have been around much longer anyhow! 
 		Exactly! I hope you know I was being sarcastic. That Nigger should have done the world a favor and jumped off a bridge, and the victim should be at home enjoying Sunday breakfast with his family right now. 
 should resign for being an ugly cunt like the rest on the view 
 Signs that bullshit is about to follow. <You fucking guys are a joke> <Your faggot butt buddy> Don't know if you're a fed or not but you talk like someone I don't trust.  Maybe tone down the calls for street violence and people might not think you're a provocateur. 
 Signs that bullshit is about to follow. <You fucking guys are a joke> <Your faggot butt buddy> Don't know if you're a fed or not but you talk like someone I don't trust.  Maybe tone down the calls for street violence and people might not think you're a provocateur. 
 Gets real interesting here friends.  When you realise Cheetah's are unique hybrids of cat and dog, making them the fastest animal in the animal kingdom.    
 	Rubbish, they are feline. They are not a hybrid of a cat and dog. Where do you get your information from? 
 		I never mentioned genetics. A literal hybrid would be fucking retarded and impossible. Just the characteristics. They do not roar like other cats. They have dog-like faces. Yes. That information is also in the video. 
  
 	Liar liar cunt not raped on fire 
 			Are you illiterate? it's apparent that your reading comprehension skills are lacking because I kinda told you already. 
 							Based on your responses it's pretty clear that you're a fucking failure bro like this is the coldest banter ever. 
 																		Faggot, who is angry now? Are you! 
  
 	Democrats So Multicultural 
 		Unfortunately it will work for monkey brain Democrats!  All Jews and Democrats are Retarded human sewage! 
 Bump stocks make your finger release & recontact the trigger repeatedly. A full-auto device that uses your finger bone as part of the firing mechanism doesn't prevent the weapon from being a machine gun. Only you & Eric Holder think it should. No judge would ever have agreed with Holder, no judge will ever disagree with Sessions on this point. 
 		You're obviously an idiot who can't hit his ass with a legal semiauto weapon. You wouldn't need an illegal machine gun if you learned how to shoot, dillweed.   Btw, you should learn how to craft an insult. You're supposed to say something you think the other person would be offended to hear, not something that only displays your own stupidity. 
 				Depends on what you do with it shitferbrains.   In case you hadn't noticed, none of your asinine comments will save you from a federal judge once you get caught with your illegal bumpstock. 
 						So you agree you're too fucking dumb to count past one. 
 								Which part of the letter is too complicated for you? You're probably envious of the guy who invented it, you could never figure out how to make yours go off more than once. Try experimenting with a paper clip, maybe you'll get the idea after awhile. 
 								Which part of the letter is too complicated for you? You're probably envious of the guy who invented it, you could never figure out how to make yours go off more than once. Try experimenting with a paper clip, maybe you'll get the idea after awhile. 
 Vote DemonRats Out! 
 		Can't talk sense to a 'Dems R Teh Real Racist' adherent. They think in cookie cutter terms, that all democrats were bad/'racist', while 'Republicans' were always virtuous and never put niggers down, nor kicked a Chinaman in the head for cooking the neighborhood dog. Another Jewish trick to alter history. 
 We need to seriously watch our Northern border  that Soy Boy commie Pm faggot probably has thousands of armed terrorists cells right now   
 "Superior multi-tasking?" Yeah that must be why women make terrible chefs?  Their 'superior multi-tasking' skills? 
 	 
 		Only woman j ever worked with that was worth a damn in the kitchen was a bull dyke lesbian.  So basically a dude with lady bits. 
 Switched Tv on last night, Casualty on Bbc, virtually all black cast apart from 3 characters.   Switched over to X Factor on ITv, virtually all black contestants, it looked more like Malcolm X Factor.   Switched off Tv and went to the pub 
 	We might as well go back to black and white tvs 
 		Cut the cord. Throw the tv out the window. You’ll feel better  
 				Then shoot  
 				Then shoot  
 White supremacists are oddly exactly like liberals.  The longer you let them talk, the more enthusiastically they come up with retarded things to say.  It's almost like they're one and the same. 
 	There was a time that Indians (the American variety) were considered savage. Now it's a badge of honor? 
 		stone age Amerinjuns had a certain something that impressed. These were some tough people. So were the pioneers but the Injuns were even tougher because much less technology.  
 		I was just pointing out how times have changed.  
 		I was just pointing out how times have changed.  
 I’m crying because your false projection of doom has created uncontrollable belly laughter. |  
 	I’m crying cause you are a fucking retard 
 no I take that back yes christINsanity  does make one makes one weak ,cause it's a sand nigger religion  
 State attorney office for Florida dropped charges against the rat who assaulted me in Boca Raton, Florida!  I have the video showing the whole assault, raw, and unedited! ? 
 	I'm a fan Patrick but.the little guy ripped up your provocative sign.  That guy punching your camera guy in Washington?  That was assault. 
 		They grounded and pounded  , stomping on his head.   They split the arm open of a bystander that tried to stop the ground and pound.   They punched me in the right side of my head a bunch of times when I pulled them all off from Mark, the camera guy.  I was able to pull them off from him, but the right side of my head took a beating while providing the cover Mark needed to get the streaming device to safety. I was taking blows the whole time, and there was a whole pack of them.  It was one blow to the head after another the whole time, struggling to stay standing, and Not Hitting Back, because a bunch of them were filming the event trying to get footage of Me Hitting Back so they could isolate the footage and use it to throw me in solitary confinement, like they did to     They would have probably killed us if they had been able to capture the streaming device.  Watch the video, Mark was able to retreat to safety while I continued to take blows against the whole gang of them.  My vest was shredded and the buttons on my suit were hanging by a thread. See minutes 44:30-45:30 . There was a huge pack of them, and three of the guys were huge.    
 				It's that bad.   At this point, I am likely going to get killed for trying to spread the truth, and the people who do it will be pardoned by the JEWdicial system.   There is no rule of law in this country.   Just a bunch of laws that are only selectively enforced.   As to those people who get all comfy sitting on the internet fantasizing about a day when 'siege' will happen, you are as bad as the hypocrite normies who virtue signal the whole time while making white flight after white flight.   Unless you are a gifted content creator like Murdoch Murdoch, or make good money and donate a lot of it to people who actually wake people up, or unless you spend 95% of your time on the internet trying to wake up normies (and not arguing with other woke guys), sitting around in a circle jerk on a server chatting makes you worse than a normie, because you are woke, and not doing anything effective to wake other people up to the jews.  The isolated prepper siege fan is worse than a normie 
 						Yep, a white guy used a racial slur.   The guy on the receiving end of the slur killed the white guy.   The jewish district attorney issued a public statement exonerating the guy who received the racial slur of murder. Literally issued him a government pardon. I believe it was in Florida. 
 							I'm ashamed to say this, but I watched that show on Netflix with the girl from the Brady Bunch who became undead and they had to eat people. There was one episode where they met some Nazis and it was just perfectly okay for them to kill and eat them. It's in their skulls that it's okay to kill Nazis. Hollywood made it that way.  
 								That's how fucking retarded and simple most people are. They are completely brainwashed by jewish Hollywood.  
 	 
 	Absolutely that’s why I’m for execution, America doesn’t mind executing corrupt leaders from other countries but won’t discipline & correct their own from destroying R greatest nation on earth ,makes U think who’s involved in this globalist anti-American Socialist agenda,Like the old republic moto  join or die either ur for Freedom or ur  against it 
 	Absolutely that’s why I’m for execution, America doesn’t mind executing corrupt leaders from other countries but won’t discipline & correct their own from destroying R greatest nation on earth ,makes U think who’s involved in this globalist anti-American Socialist agenda,Like the old republic moto  join or die either ur for Freedom or ur  against it 
 Moonbat Harpy Maxine Waters just can't keep the stupid inside. 
 	Mad Max, the Field Nigger speaks shit again ! 
 La ruins everything.   They come out here to my unique desert town in the middle of nowhere, do their bullshit music fests, make it trendy, and all the fucking faggot hipsters inundate and ruin. Came to the local bar for the 1st time in ages: all dudes and 2 ugly fuckin cows. I remember when this joint used to be a true saloon. Now its a fuckin' novelty    
 We are witnessing Niggers raping on average in the Usa 45,000 White women, with Whites raping on average in the Usa Zero Nigger women. If Nigger men were in such demand by our White bitches, why the need to rape them? 
  Lightfighter Six   Source:  
 	That faggot suicided his verified Gab account. Why is that? Also how does this inane shit end up in Popular? 
 Kanye West has got the be the dumbest fucking nigger that hasn't robbed a liquor store. 
   ok going live on gab to expose Andrew torba in part, fix my live feed or suffer cunt face bitch Gab ! This is not me asking it is me demanding ! 
 Trump During Back-And-Forth With Cbs'S Lesley Stahl Over Immigration: 'I'M President And You'Re Not'  President Donald Trump sat down for an interview with Lesley Stahl for Cbs’s 60 Minutes that aired Sunday. The interview got heated when Stahl pressed the president about immigration and children being separated from their parents at the border. Trump criticized the media’s dishonesty, noting his    via  
 	And I am glad he reminded her.she seems to have forgotten her manners during this interview. 
 		Lesley was a cunt and President Trump put her in her place. I'm sick and tired of the Fake News hammering Trump and never giving him any credit! 
 Chris Rock is a skinny ugly racist black Nigger 
 It was already in the realm of high fantasy where you pointed that out but we reached peak retard with the idea that we could ever cut a deal with the niggers that's more appealing to them than the promise of getting even with Whitey 
 Watching Hannity   He is trying to convince me to vote for the Gop because of immigration 
 	If the caravan approaches the border, surrenders, requests asylum and says let me in, and the response is to let them in and give them a court date, don't we already have open borders? 
 		But, but, but.  We need new laws according to the God Emperor. 
 			The Constitution itself says it is his job to protect the states from invasion 
 				For some reason Trump will not exert his power over national security to secure the border. According to him we must allow them to come in first and then fight the battles at the court level with new immigration laws. 
 						Peak Retard is having negresses as political commentators  
 This is why we need a big beautiful wall, and not a stupid fucking fence. 
 	.@Cantwell - this don't look like 4K people and none of them look like they're equipped with food/water/clothes to "walk" from Honduras to the border of Texas you stupid racist moron.  You have proof that this wasn't a political rally and/or a prop using many people in a given village?  
 		Shut the hell up you derelict. You sound like a retarded dickhead.   
 When Maxine Waters encouraged violence against Trump Cabinet members, it wasn’t the first time she displayed behavior unbecoming of a federal lawmaker. She's been involved in many other controversies - including abusing power to enrich family members.  
 	Yeah, I'm gonna step outside of my Southern Gentlemanly personna here, & graffiti up a post by an organization that I Greatly Respect. Fuck that Worthless-Assed Nigger Bitch & Anyone & Everyone else who is involved in her Lies, Thefts, & Treason! 
 	They prove that a soul can be saved even late in life.  
 	I’ve openly opposed graham and similar weaklings in the past.  That being said, he has  my  otal attention and admiration,  must sustain for a year or so before I truly trust.  Graham has been our best friend recently, I’ll take it over the normal thumb in the eye. 
 	I’ve openly opposed graham and similar weaklings in the past.  That being said, he has  my  otal attention and admiration,  must sustain for a year or so before I truly trust.  Graham has been our best friend recently, I’ll take it over the normal thumb in the eye. 
 Wth, Obama.  Lol!    The Muzzie Pos Lied, again! 
 I owe Blacks absolutely nothing and do not seek forgiveness. If, however, making them 'whole' consists of giving them a hand in returning to their ancestral homelands, I'm all ears!      
 	Little Nigger should have been more careful not to invade other people's space.  They always act like someone owes them something. Like they own the world. 
 "Merkel wants joint union plan for migration from Africa "   I swear this fucking cunt want to destroy germany forever, Soon the destruction of Europe will become irreversible 
 Rihanna Turns Down Super Bowl Performance For Colin Kaepernick: Woke Or Joke?   An0maly - News Analysis & Hip-hop  Published on 19 Oct 2018   Rihanna turns down Superbowl invitation to support Colin Kaepernick. What is everyone missing on all sides?    
 		funny, the bitch was beaten by a nigger so hmmm. oh yeah, another African tribe threatened the asshole if he did it again. and then you have Whitney H. drugged and abused oh, yeah was it the same nigger. didn't see none of them rioting. 
 	Very narcissistic internet personalities as of late. They need to be pointed out and mocked lol  
 	Very narcissistic internet personalities as of late. They need to be pointed out and mocked lol  
     Cops Just Made Big Arrest After Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee Passed Envelope To Ford’s Attny(Video)! 
 	Nigger ! 
 0bamba murdered Seal Team Six  - he promised his muzzie pals that he would deliver them  - and he did.  On Extortion 17  On May 9th, Obama’s Pr machine began hemorrhaging top secret information about the Bin Laden raid to Hollywood director Kathryn Bigelow (related to illuminati member Robert Bigelow?), including names of Seal Team 6 members! The plan was to have the film Zero Dark Thirty ready before the 2012 election in order to use it as a two-hour campaign commercial.  It was a sickening spectacle to watch and showed the depths Obama would stoop to get re-elected.  Al-Qaeda, within days, released an official statement, proclaiming that they would hunt down those who killed their holy warrior, Osama Bin Laden. Seal Team 6 members and their families from the day our Commander-in-Chief began spilling secrets lived in fear for their lives. 
 0bamba murdered Seal Team Six  - he promised his muzzie pals that he would deliver them  - and he did.  On Extortion 17  On May 9th, Obama’s Pr machine began hemorrhaging top secret information about the Bin Laden raid to Hollywood director Kathryn Bigelow (related to illuminati member Robert Bigelow?), including names of Seal Team 6 members! The plan was to have the film Zero Dark Thirty ready before the 2012 election in order to use it as a two-hour campaign commercial.  It was a sickening spectacle to watch and showed the depths Obama would stoop to get re-elected.  Al-Qaeda, within days, released an official statement, proclaiming that they would hunt down those who killed their holy warrior, Osama Bin Laden. Seal Team 6 members and their families from the day our Commander-in-Chief began spilling secrets lived in fear for their lives. 
 To anticipate the coming block button, (Monday I believe), I recommend everyone make a second account for viewing profiles that block you. Then you can screenshot their posts and comment about them.  
 	There’s a block button coming? I thought Torba had countersignaled that. 
 		  has confused the expanded Mute functionality with a Block feature. 
 			You’re an idiot 
 				But you did get confused, right? There is no Block feature, now or coming, right? So who's the idiot? (Being female, pretty much by default it's you.) 
 					If you're a dude, you talk like a queer. Go lift, thicken your skin, and you won't get upset so easily. faggot 
 Serious question. Why are Jewish groups using their trucks to transport invaders to our border? "Because you're antisemitic" is not an answer. Let's be adults about this. Who is funding this?  
 	Serious question: you have 1a and 2a. What are you doing about this invasion? 
 			Most of them are cum fart blow hards. They want Someone Else to do all that shit, they just wanna attach themselves to the group that does so they can post pictures of themselves with their guns and say "3%, never forget" and other such retarded jingoistic garbage. 
 Just In: Houston Chronicle endorses Beto O'Rourke in Texas Senate race      
 	The Chronicle is a leftist rag that almost nobody subscribes to. Its not worth wasting time to read. We have a nigger leftist for mayor who should never have been elected but they'll endorse a piece of shit guilty of breaking and entering and Dui. That's Robert O'Rorke 
 Spelling does matter.  Yikes. 
 	It doubles as a planned parenthood to complete the moral degeneracy!  Notice the hanger?  Luckily they only let in Retarded Democrats! 
 German father charged for protecting his daughter against sexual assault by migrant   
 	Kill the muzzie would-be rapist, kill the police who come to arrest. Whites must become absolutely addicted to killing. 
 Gab Management has been totally irresponsible in providing a forum for unabashed Nazis and antiSemites. There are limits to free speech, and a mute button is Not the answer. There’s nothing socially healthy about the free public exchange of blatant hate speech. 
 		Where do these people come from? 
 		They are born form your asshole spewing stupid shit from your face Boy. 
 		Now, see, I’m muting these haters. Then I never see their ugly comments again. Or, I can be on twitter, getting banned for saying illegal aliens while people like Farrakhan stays with his blue check after comparing Jews to termites. I prefer to decide for myself rather than have an Sjw decide for me.  
 		Also, many of these are trolls trying to make Gab look as if there are only White Supremacists on here. I assure you that isn’t true. But they do come out and attack when they see a post like yours. Now they’ll attack me, except I’m going to mute their degenerate asses first.  
 		Also, many of these are trolls trying to make Gab look as if there are only White Supremacists on here. I assure you that isn’t true. But they do come out and attack when they see a post like yours. Now they’ll attack me, except I’m going to mute their degenerate asses first.  
 *Wee Paddy is in the English class at school*  Teacher : "Paddy, I want you to give me a sentence containing the word 'contagious'  Paddy : "My Mammy says she won't let my Daddy mow the lawn anymore, because she says it takes the cunt ages" 
 *Wee Paddy is in the English class at school*  Teacher : "Paddy, I want you to give me a sentence containing the word 'contagious'  Paddy : "My Mammy says she won't let my Daddy mow the lawn anymore, because she says it takes the cunt ages" 
 One by one President Trump is undoing all the damage Obama did to America. Feels good man!   Epa Reverses Obama Era Last Minute Uranium Mining Regulations     
 		Yep, give the traitors a fair trial,and then hang them all. 
 		Yep, give the traitors a fair trial,and then hang them all. 
 Mass muting everyone who posts about their affinity for agorism.   You don't need my buy-in to put your head between your legs. Go be faggot lolbertarians somewhere else. 
 Sara A. Carter on Twitter: Mental Health Professionals Denounce Cnn and Don Lemon’s Show for Mocking and Stigmatizing Kanye West’s Hospitalization    "  
 	Don Lemon---Drunk Dumbfuck Nigger ! 
 Insult to the wolves. I'd call those niggers rabid chimpanzees. Ugly retarded violent apes. 
 Eva you whore, this ju$tin cunt has a cs go cheating aim browser bot fuck you if we catch at a lan i will break you in half and take your rig bitch  
 15 yr-old girl set on fire at McDonalds in Cologne Germany by Islamic State supporter   Good thing we beat those Nazis huh guys?   Cologne:    (((Who))) let them in:  
 	My faggot fucking grandpa wanted this for us, he's a fuckin hero and he knew it 
 It’s usually at this time that some idiot will say that somehow humans need meat or that a little protein is good for you. Watch.  
 	Why do vegetarians always have to push their lifestyle on others?   
 		Guessing they know their lifestyle is full of shit so they want to push it on others, misery loves company after all. Doesn't help that they are too retarded to understand that humans are omnivores, not herbivores. If we were purely herbivores, our digestive system would be a bit different.  
 Megyn Kelly = Cunt 
 Lol!  De Niro is such a loser.  Eastwood had the sense to mate with a woman who could give him a son who looks like him.              
 	So gross. He bred a nigger sow and ended up with that retarded nigger son 
 More monkey shines in Fl: nigger candidate is a wayciss mudduhfugguh!     
 Sweden cancels traditional Christmas concert and increases promotions for Islamic events         
 	Sweden is a muzzie shithole 
 Asshole. 
 	this Fox news Cunt smiles and says Ohh I know that the left are doing bad things but I could care less I will still advocate for them and I am complicit in all they do so Fuck you. my dad said she was some Old hag from the Mtv generation that was left then as well  
 		You know who I cannot stand to listen to is that Juan Williams, guy. Assholery level beyond the maximum.  
 		oh Hell me as well  when watters calls him out and its as plain as the nose on his face Juan will smirk and shake his head no or  change the subject to a republican that he hates and tries to demonize Hell even gregg looks at him like he is a fucking commie Bastard  
 		You know right after he leaves that studio he has to have armed guards and he's always slinking out cuz if I was him I would be 
 		You know right after he leaves that studio he has to have armed guards and he's always slinking out cuz if I was him I would be 
 You are all retarded faygets 
 Hey . In the Washington Dc city council race between a Jewish woman (Elissa SilverMan) and a Nigger woman (Dionne Reader), who would you pick? Why? 
 "When your population is made up of people who would be considered mentally retarded here in the States, yes the government needs to control them. "           
  
 	Damn. they would need to be strong though. She ain't lying. 
 		Definition of a fat nigger 
 Rt :    A legal expert says convicted Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke may end up with less than 10 years in prison for killing Laquan McDonald.  
 Rt :    A legal expert says convicted Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke may end up with less than 10 years in prison for killing Laquan McDonald.  
 Don't listen to that god damn anti white cunt. All they do is mock, insult, attack, lie, cheat and steal. The cunt downvoted you because thats all he has as an argument.  He's obviously not going to have any response to your factual statement because hes a retard coward. Its a consistent, predictable pattern, with these anti white cunts 
 Fuck Off Kikesucker Faggot 
 	That was pretty harsh language, what I meant was what kind of a faggy cocksucking faggaroo doesn't get a pre-nup? 
 Just when you thought that the Modeling Industry couldn’t get any worse, the Left finds a way. 
 	Vice, finding a new low for being retarded 
 Dave Chappelle, Who Defends Kanye, Also Got Called ‘Crazy’ For Bucking The System  Comedian Dave Chappelle is strongly defending Kanye West as an artist, even though Chappelle does not support President Donald Trump. But perhaps Dave Chappelle can relate to Kanye, considering how Chappelle was smeared for standing up to Hollywood more than a decade ago. I’m not mad at Kanye. That   via  
 	 
 		Dave Chappelle the guy that made 75million an episode on his own show glorifying Anal sex, and crack addiction.  He institutionalized himself , because he said nobody should make $75 million an episode. 
 			Fuck up Jew Cunt 
 go fuck yourself, nigger lover, I bet your family is really proud of you, cunt 
 There are two options so far as I can see them   1 The targets wanted to false flag and made the bombs intentionally retarded to try and paint the alt right as stupid, but went so far over board their entire con is obvious.   2. A retard delivered these abortions of bombs, and was in fact so super retarded that it all swung back around into genius and looks like option 1. 
 Pauli discovered another pole puffin neo nazi that's really just a leftist twat suffering an identity crisis. 
 	He is Full Of shit-! Look at This. I'D Say Threat-!  
 	Horrendo Revolver.just as relevant and sober-minded as he ever was. 
 	I guess he is too old to be on The Young Turks. 
 	Geraldo who? 
 	Fox is alive to keep the false left/right paradigm going so that we do not get together and figure out we are just pawns. 
 	Fox is alive to keep the false left/right paradigm going so that we do not get together and figure out we are just pawns. 
 James Woods   A WashingtonPost hack agrees with Rosie O’Donnell that a military insurrection against the President of the United States seems like a pretty good idea.   Folks, if you let these vermin regain power in the , you deserve everything you’ll get.    
 	Rosie O'Donnell Is A Fucking SATANIsT! Cunt 
 Jacob Rothschild is complaining that President Trump is trying to destroy the new world order that globalists have spent decades trying to build. No shit Sherlock. That's why we elected him. 
 	Ain't that the truth! Looks like Soros and his scared little chickens have every reason to fear a revolution! 
 		Soros is in his late 80s so hopefully we'll be rid of the cunt soon, his son will be more of a problem then but if he is Trump can have him put in jail.  
 I highly recommend you guys watch this amazing debate between Destiny and      
 	 watch this debate and see how badly Lauren southern gets ass raped by Destiny. 
 		Fuck you cunt 
 Wake Up America! This is who we’ll get running the country if we don’t have a Red Wave in November!      via  
 	I would just love to see some street thug smash those faggot glasses deeply into the bridge of his nose! 
 I'm convinced it is a sincere post. There's nothing retarded about it at all. It's sublime wisdom. 
 I'm convinced it is a sincere post. There's nothing retarded about it at all. It's sublime wisdom. 
     More than 402,000 children were born in Poland in 2017, the highest number in many years    
 		If you had a son under 14 would you let him go into a San Fran Public bathroom by himself? Asking for a friend   
 				Actually I can count on one hand the number of guys I have been a bottom with, so I don't have the same problems as your worn out self. I have avoided drugs because every job I had could have done testing & don't get stupid drunk so when shitlibs see my shirts or signs they say I am too young to know better.   I do use "just for men" & facial peels tho 
 					Ffs. So you have rode the 1000's of Std infested faggots with your Std infested prolapsed ass on top pretending to be a cow-girl. Obviously, you are proud of your mental illness.  And BigGayFaggotSteve  . I see what you have been trying to do. Meh. You're just some faggot having a faggoty hissy-fit because, "Why won't he accept my faggotry!" 
 Kid Rock - Redneck Paradise    
 	 
 	 
 		Well, they were actually more against heathens than all taken up about skin color.   
 			Naturalization Act of 1790 restricted citizenship to "free white people" 
 				And it should have stayed that way. No nigger is the equa lof a White person 
 I was never banned from Twitter or Facebook.    I had voluntarily deleted my accounts as a protest in support of Free Speech.    But after today's events and the blame being placed on the Gab community, I created a new Twitter account with my old Twitter handle thinking I wanted to go defend our community.    So I followed a few of my favs and read my timeline.  It made me sick what people are saying about us.  I don't even know where to start.     
 	They only have lefties who are brainwashed retarded on Twitter.  They cannot intellectually debate, only character assassinate.  They are complete Npc's and have no intelligence.  This is a Fact and none of them can actually understand what a Fact is!   
 	They only have lefties who are brainwashed retarded on Twitter.  They cannot intellectually debate, only character assassinate.  They are complete Npc's and have no intelligence.  This is a Fact and none of them can actually understand what a Fact is!   
 I’m with her  
 	or you can start identifying the Jews behind the Muslim / nigger flooding of your country, and exterminate them, you fucking stupid lames  
 Are you against intraracial relationships? If so tell me why in the replies. 
 	I've seen enough interracial couples to know it always ends in disaster.  
 		Tlo maybe before you open that mudshark loving cock sucker of yours you should look at the data how many white women get murdered by their nigger ex/lover. but you wont and continue to look stupid   
  having a bad day?  Whoa on the faggot shit.  Your ruining my sexy dude comment!   
 Rt mitchellvii    I can't believe the Democrats are doubling down on calls for public assaults against Trump supporters.  Eric Holder is a complete idiot.  They are destroying themselves with this,   
 	They know they are going to loose Bigly in the mid-terms.   They want violence in the streets the moment it is announced.   Ok. Bring It!   Ever try to intimidate a Redneck before? 
 		Announcing your intent to people with guns seems like a bad plan  
 			Have you ever know them to think it out, before they speak? 
 			Have you ever know them to think it out, before they speak? 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 This nigger can openly call for whites to be killed, but if whites even make a humorous song about niggers they get permanently banned, like Johnny Rebel. 
 Socialism has never worked, currently doesn’t work still and will never work. basically your entire ideology is retarded  
  
 		When the jew tries this kind of shit, it really is this easy to show why we hate these faggot kiddie rapers. 
 reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
 			 
 					It's really critical you understand all i heard was you twanging your lip like retard and making retard sounds, like a retard. 
 Welcome. Get your Kek "modafoka" android app here:  And never not shame name call out meme hard and mess with liberals and retarded spoiled brats who can't hit a mute button when triggered by facts.  Cause it's funny.  
 Welcome. Get your Kek "modafoka" android app here:  And never not shame name call out meme hard and mess with liberals and retarded spoiled brats who can't hit a mute button when triggered by facts.  Cause it's funny.  
 		Point taken.  When I see gang rape, I think Muzzie. 
 		I can see that. When I hear gang rape, I always think definitely not White.  
 		I can see that. When I hear gang rape, I always think definitely not White.  
 Iron Patriot & Mr. E. Edits : Silenced Voices    
 		Yep lol he is going to go mad ha ha ha  
 		Yep lol he is going to go mad ha ha ha  
   Police officer Van Dyke convicted of 2nd degree murder and 16 counts of aggravated battery in shooting of Laquan McDonald.      
   Police officer Van Dyke convicted of 2nd degree murder and 16 counts of aggravated battery in shooting of Laquan McDonald.      
 Migrants violently rob elderly disabled woman in Germany  She dies of her injuries    
 	But Merkel says the African nigger becoming the German nigger is the best thing for New Africa, errrrrr I mean Germany  
 Do people really pay for your retarded pronouncements? 
 I    
 	truman was a nigger too though 
 I go off and make some money for a while, then I come back to see you've blown up my browser phone. Seems the Pillsbury Pussy-Boy from Nigger Hills, Houston has the obsession. Funny. 
 The guy fucks nigger bitches. I take my 5 year old daughter's (who is blonde haired and blue eyed like my other 2. something gay Johann will never have made) nonsense about the monster in her bedroom closet more seriously than this Cuckenstein's view on race.  
 Boston Police Patrolmen’s Association is refusing to endorse Democratic  Elizabeth Fauxcohontas Warren in her reelection bid because of her Left-wing anti-police activism and derogatory remarks.       
 	Oh, the fragile faggot fraternity mentality of the sanctuary city Boston police has caused them butthurt, fuck them, sanctuary city police have pitted themselves against America. 
 Kavanaugh Drank Beer? He Can't Hold a Candle to Obama's Pot and Cocaine Use    
 	ovomit the muzzie faggot is a piece of shit and what about the dumbfucks who voted for this asshole Twice! 
  
 	Full On Retarded Democrat 
 Nope. Still delicious.    
 	Drink some bleach dumb cunt  
  
 	Back in the 70s they said Swine Flu was going to be an epidemic. Took the shot & was sick for 3 weeks. Never again. Every year they tell you the same old thing. Epidemic!  Ooops!  wrong virus.  Sorry! Lol cute but ain't buying it. 
 		You have to be mentally retarded to fall for the flu shot scam every year 
 		You have to be mentally retarded to fall for the flu shot scam every year 
     Another Oz Rock classic for my mate the Npc that is  seeing she is enjoying the add so much :) If he really annoys me enough, I'll start including him on his favourite Swedish bands such as Abba :)   GANGgajang - Sounds Of Then (This Is Australia)    
 	kangaroo dick sucking hippy cunt 
 I used to know a mildly retarded guy who would say that 
 Leftists think they are cute. No functional society needs these people. This guy should be deported. 
 		Or at least restraining him until the police arrived. Time to get these people into the system so we can build a case for their deportation. 
 		Or at least restraining him until the police arrived. Time to get these people into the system so we can build a case for their deportation. 
  
 	Fuck off cunt you know it was the retarded democrats who sent the pretend bombs. 
 Do you want Child Porn on Gab?   Do you want Animated Child Porn on Gab?    Are you censored? Can you have a conservative opinion? A liberal one? Other? Yes!    Is Legal Porn allowed on Gab? Yes.   Shouldn't the line be drawn Somewhere?   I draw it at child porn or facsimiles of such.  If you don't like that go put Child Porn on Twitter. They won't mind.   @a did nothing wrong 
 	I draw the line at hypocritical self-righteous virtue signaling since it correlates extremely well with crimes against humanity. 
 			Here's what is illegal And actionable: malicious defamation.  I've been defamed twice just being a relative bystander, as a mainstream anime fan with no interest in loli. 
 					No, defamation and slander are not part of "free speech".  In person they justify physical retaliation ("Fighting words doctrine").  In print they justify both lawsuits and criminal prosecutions. 
 						Go for it then Mr. Happy! 
 						I see Crybabies  
 						Why don't you go fuck a cartoon  
 						Why don't you go fuck a cartoon    
 						Yo, I'd fuck Cheetara in a heart beat. Also princess Allura from Voltron! Just point me in the right direction,to the promised land! C'mon Sad Minstrel strum your magic strings & make 2D real! 
 							Then it would appear that You'Re the one I should've told to    Go Fuck A Cartoon  
 								(Puts pinky to my lips) Probably! 
 						I have no idea what that shit is And I'M Glad  
 						Well.I do know voltron 
 						an option would be to stop arguing with the trolls and mute them from your view others can see their rants and decide for them self, this is what they mean by "free speech of gab" it means you are in control of walking away from the situation, but you chose to argue and threaten to bring law enforcement into something you already have the tools to step away from. 
 						Right. If you are "slandered" here in a conversation you chose to partake of It'S Your Own Damn Fault  
 						Right. If you are "slandered" here in a conversation you chose to partake of It'S Your Own Damn Fault  
 Premier Gladys Berejiklian wants Nsw to slash its overseas migrant intake by up to 50 per cent              
 	Not just Nsw the whole country needs to stop immigration from Nigger shitholes ! 
 	Look at the history of the church before you make rushed judgements. 
 	  "Charleston’s Emanuel Ame Church isn’t just a church. It is a historic symbol of black resistance to slavery and racism."  Don't be fooled. 
 	  "Charleston’s Emanuel Ame Church isn’t just a church. It is a historic symbol of black resistance to slavery and racism."  Don't be fooled. 
  
 		I'll tell you for free, I can't understand a word of that. 
 		I'll tell you for free, I can't understand a word of that. 
 Getting dirty looks from all of these white liberals in LaGuardia due to my maga hat but they're scared to say something because I'm black.   Alex Sage 
 	Nigger loving, subversive, propaganda. 
 Why aren't these women at Work!  I can't handle watching more than 15 seconds of Sarsour screeching but here's the link.   protestors are Not strong women, they are wannabes who fail miserably at everything they do.    Btw - if Sarsour is there again, then there has to be a shady dude with a brown manilla envelope hanging around the corner.      
 		Sends all sharia to Libya.  
 		Pick one . There are 57. 
 		Pick one . There are 57. 
 no, dont like it, you dumbass. you are pathetic.   i wash my hands of you haters. hate wont fix the white race. nor will divisions.   love and goodness win. and i have no issue with middle-fingering haters that undermine the race with extremist stupidity.   you failed your chance to lead with integrity.   Fuck. off. 
 	 Stop infighting. you ppl look retarded af. Focus on what can be changed, not what was done by misled ppl decades back. it is Wasted Energy that accomplishes nada.   
 	 Stop infighting. you ppl look retarded af. Focus on what can be changed, not what was done by misled ppl decades back. it is Wasted Energy that accomplishes nada.   
 Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch.   Stop infighting.    We must unite against our foe. 
 			Coupled with fake holocaust survivor memoirs they got money for. 
 				gross old hags  
 				 
 				 
 Fake News       Operation Mockingbird 
 	 
 		I posted this meme and some f*ckin feminist went off on me.lol   I sent her this and said the word cunt is the least of feminist worries! 
 	 Ok I am a baby boomer I paid into the Social Security system when I worked   So I’m not sure where you’re going with that? Be nice I’m just trying to figure out all of what’s going on 
 		Boomers paid into Ss.   But,   inflation has completely wiped out their entire investment.  (In Denial)   My generation has to pay for the Boomers and all the "Migrants" they imported. None of whom paid into the Ss program.  (Also In Denial). 
 				Another example of boomers that have absolutely no concern for society.    They live by a simple philosophy.  Gimmie It Its Mine! 
 					And again.spoken by the sisboy sitting in mums basement.talk about gimme gimme gimme.hey mum gimme another hot pocket 
 								Look at this demented boomer claiming that no boomers live on social security.    This is why we have to take away there Tv's.   The dementia is reaching straitjacket levels. 
 													Ohhhh.I got as far as London.nuff said.mute.another muzzie lover. 
 Yup,pages and pages of this. I mean if I was a real pedo this guy could've gathered evidence by now,went to the authorities, or exposed me with proof but instead it's the same screed verbatim,repeated to infinity. When fighting NPCs don't become one yourself. Lesson for the day! 
 		Brandon,I do have friends here but no,you do not have to give a shit about me personally. lol. 
 			Oh please introduce me to your friends   come on. You brought them up, tell them to step up and defend you and your cancer.   I doubt they will 
 				It's easy to see who follows me and who likes my posts,m8. Beyond that for not giving a shit about me why do you want to include me in this "big topic" of yours? Is this a vendetta just because I shit-posted with one of your "bros" for awhile and called em out for silly Npc behavior? I didn't take it personally. Do you? 
 						Glad you found a hobby you like!  
 							Fishing, Trolling, Video Games, shitposting, railfanning, autistic screaming, gf, you know - the Gaylor lifestyle isn't for everyone <3 
 							I'm not adverse to any of those things. Partook in quite a few of them myself! I take it Gaylor is similar to Gropher lifestyle? Enlighten! 
 							.Fuck I Hate It When This Happens gg no re good sir alright your point has been made and rendered mildly valid. 
 							 
 							Not at all. I'm guilty of the same things. Trolling,shit-posting,spreading memes,etc. If I judged you I'd be judging myself! 
 							Not at all. I'm guilty of the same things. Trolling,shit-posting,spreading memes,etc. If I judged you I'd be judging myself! 
 Get your airsickness bag ready.     
 	Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa what a bunch of sand nigger cock suckers 
 Breivik apparently killed a bunch of White children. White children are the source of disease? lol Okay, Schlomo. 
 	The youngest we're late teens, and it was an indoctrination camp. Some of those "kids" would be mps today, you know the ones that feed the nigger fire with white flesh. 
  
 	retard -moron-pathetic- inbred 
 An American Jewish Journalist Just Died After a Racist Beating, and the Washington Post Didn't Even Report It      
 	A Nigger killed a Jew? Awesome! Now the Niggers are killing their masters! My wet dream has come true! 
 New Jersey: Muslim inmate sues jail, charging discrimination against Muslims    
 	"Muslim inmate"  looks like a nigger to me 
  
 	i don't see the problem. that pile of tar and shit looks exactly like the narcissistic nigger that thought she/he was worthy of having someone draw her/him (sorry I can't tell if that's a male or female nigger, there isn't much difference in appearance of them) 
  We know. Your people are famous for this, to the tune of 45,000 White women being raped by Nigger males per year in the Usa. Yet, you claim your race is so much sought-out by our women. If such is the case, why the need to rape them? Why are Zero women raped yearly in the Usa by White males? That says it all right there. 
 hey world im not joking, embiitch be sucking some major dick to have the refs sucking him off like this, embiitch we dont play that faggot shit here in the D bitch 
 	Hey what’s the social media url link mean? It’s req. do I need an address? Like what would mine be on here 
 		try this one,    
 		What’s my gab url? I will dm you proof. I’m using my real name. Keep it to yourself, faggot! 
 		What’s my gab url? I will dm you proof. I’m using my real name. Keep it to yourself, faggot! 
 George Soros' son: Something changed in 2016       It sure did! Your daddy didn't get the election result he'd paid for! And the old feckless cunt started funding terrorism! That's what fucking changed! 
 As the creator of the most engaged with post in the News section of Gab, I was shocked to observe how many Gab users insisted how much they didn’t care about my post by choosing to care enough to actively post a comment instead of simply ignoring it.    So why did you care so much about my post, Gab? 
 	How much Nigger dick can you take in all your holes at one of your gaysex sessions? 
 	irl, NAZIs and Fascists hated (((commies))), and promoted Western culture, traditions, spirituality, and religion.   We killed Japs, Fascists and NAZIs who were killing (((commies))) - then, we imported commies to America as 'refugees.'   Then, we gave over half of white, christian, Europe to the (((Commies))) in the old Ussr.   hint: Marx was an ethnic jew. 
 		Nazi, what western culture. The Nazis are losers who were defeated in Ww 2! Wake Up! :roll: 
 			hint #1:  If all libs are liars.   If libs have been in control of education, publishing, entertainment, and the media, for over 100 years.   *Nothing* that you think you know is true or accurate.   The only part of your knowledge base you can trust, are your A, B, C's and 1, 2, 3's.   Epistemology. Ontology. Teleology.   Question everything. 
 				Nazi, you are obviously clueless with regards to who you're dealing with here! :) Lol!   +1 (Neo)           
 					hint #2:  If Fdr was a socialist, and if his Congress was socialist, and if his Supreme Court was socialist? (He was, and they were.)  Wwii wasn't about freedom.  It was about which brand of national socialism ruled the 20th Century. 
 							Hundreds of people that christians and conservatives unwittingly love to hate .are ethnic jews.   Dozens, if not hundreds, of institutions you love to hate were founded and led by ethnic jews.  (.but, conservatives can't understand why liberals call conservatives anti-semitic Nazis.)  .by your own (liberal, marxist) reasoning, you are a Nazi. ;) 
 								No, I Am not a Nazi! Wtf are you mumbling about! :roll:   Also, I Am independent not conservative.   +1 (Neo) 
 																Get off the dope faggot  
 Get a job Tuck Tuck lol 
 	get a hairline 
 		lol, true, especially by narcissists who dont have one.  good man :) 
 			And get rid of that scruffy socialist beard. Can't tell where your hairline ends and that starts :) 
 				i cant  tel where your head starts and israel arse begins but at least i can opt for a shave now and then 
 					My head is on my shoulders, not up a Nazi's arse like yours :) 
 						Lol let's see your missus clobber, nvm let me guess, shitty blue and purple retarded hair streaks,, North of 14 stone, loads of cheap piercings all over her fat face and thinks she is a bloke on any given day  
 						Lol let's see your missus clobber, nvm let me guess, shitty blue and purple retarded hair streaks,, North of 14 stone, loads of cheap piercings all over her fat face and thinks she is a bloke on any given day  
 At least they are finally admitting they are shit at games. 
 	If she wants to escape that, maybe the cunt should stick to mobile "games" and browser games. The stuff that has 0 competitive elements and requires neither skill, nor thought process to play and enjoy. Stop ruining our games cause you are a worthless shit with no skill, go play cooking mama and make me a sandwich. 
 		I'm not Angel. He's the one calling Me names. I always refer to beta males like him as cunts. Which he is.   
 		Ah, I figured Angel was a girl, plus the fact you called him a cunt. You don’t need to use language like that, stay above them. Loser, trash, pig, low-life get your point across just as well as cunt without offending women! 
 		Ah, I figured Angel was a girl, plus the fact you called him a cunt. You don’t need to use language like that, stay above them. Loser, trash, pig, low-life get your point across just as well as cunt without offending women! 
  
 	whites less than 5% of South Africa ruled that country for over 150 years.whites are much more intelligent and if they have the will could make the nigger heel and obey. 
 You are so stupid how does Jack taste? No don't tell me faggot I am sure you are a cum gurgler! 
  
 	Good one 
 		Such a twat of a singer. 
 Does this mother fucker live here now?  The former Mexican President fled Mexico too? To Texas? Why would anyone care what he thinks about a Texas election? 
 	Is it possible to dox this faggot and make life hell for him?  
 Brett Kavanaugh confirmed to the United States Supreme Court.   The left gets what they deserve as their stunts and attempts at character assassination have failed. 
 		Vote Red on November 6th 
 		Vote Red on November 6th 
 Poverty is genetic, and we're denying this to our own disadvantage    
 	Poverty is only genetic among Nigger`s because they are uneducated, overbreeding, child raping, sub human trash. The only thing a Nigger ever invented was a f*cking Stick! 
  Why are you so triggerrrrrrred? You sound like a retarded three year old who didn't get their own way. "Chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit." Roflmfao! 
 I want to lick that cunt and asshole! 
 Yes this a hate crime. They are literally trying to blow up your identity! So sorry this happened. Hugs 
 	Oh look, it's a potato battery. The potato is the electrolyte, the energy comes from the presence of two different metals, and doesn't store any electrical energy. There's also energy in the potato's starches, but to extract that, you would have to eat the potatoes. Which I don't recommend doing if you've already used them as a battery. 
 		Try vinegar, lemon juice, or muriatic acid.  Making batteries is pretty easy when you understand the physics.  Have a look at the ancient Baghdad battery for insight. 
 			Redneck Version.  Learn build adapt.  
 			Redneck Version.  Learn build adapt.  
 Donald Trump Jr., Kid Rock to campaign for Mich. senate candidate John James    
 	the million white people whose lives were ruined when niggers took over detoilet are now in nirvanna because a nigger is smiling at them hip fucking hip hurrah. and he is going to rebuild all there beautiful houses by hisself 
 So many tears. Lol! 
 	it was established in 2008 and became operational in 2012. guess who was potus then you ass sucking faggot  
 "Queen Elizabeth Claims She Is ‘Direct Descendant Of Prophet Muhammad’          Islamisation of Uk reaching a final stage, it seems.     Now is the time to rise up in the millions, otherwise . 
 	The queen is hedging her bets and selling her people out. She's sacrificing the British people to a barbaric brainwashed Middle Eastern culture, while hoping to keep her power. Isn't she precious?  
 		Why is Britain hang drool watching an inbred retard related to mohamet tell you anything?  
 Gop lawmaker tells top Dem: "Apologize to my children" after accusation of racism      
 		Niggers ,like methane, contribute to global warming 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 you are a cunt 
 Schumer: "Dr. Ford came forward and won America's hearts.   
 	You hear that? Schumer doesn't consider us Americans.  That daft bint didn't win *my* heart. 
 	You hear that? Schumer doesn't consider us Americans.  That daft bint didn't win *my* heart. 
 In fairness, the leader of Storm Troopers, Ernst Rohm, was a faggot so that's not disqualifying. 
 Awesome talk. Well done, gentlemen!   
 	I saw a video of that nigger calling a feminist racist after they asked him to leave their protest for yelling at them calling them sluts. It was hilarious.  
 Two Tennessee Men Accused of Filming, Raping 9-Month-Old Girl    
 	We used to have Jim Crow laws for a reason Then we decided it was a bad thing We went full retard 
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	Faggot 
 Lets give the Racist Jews the good Orwellian inversion that these despicable pieces of shit play on all of us! 
 	What is your definition of a Jew? 
 			Why don't you tell us how you really feel 
 					Well you didn't reference anyone and actually I think more of the guy than calling him a cunt, even if I disagree with him. So what's the hostility about? 
 Just wait till that nigger splits her head open for drankin' his grape. 
 Trump was very prescient tonight when he warned of the danger in knocking out all the chump candidates like Pocahontas and DaNang Dick early and ending up facing someone who's actually good.    Nobody mentions her.  She's laying low.   She's disgusting but Liberals will explode with enthusiasm.  Michelle Obama is a very dangerous Communist, Globalist traitor 
 	From No Balls Barry to Dancing Dick Michael?  O_o  Even  aren't that dumb 
 		They don't have to be smart. Their opposition has morons like you who ignore the threat and make retarded dick jokes. Useless dimwit muted. 
 Kamala Harris Presents Letter Claiming Kavanaugh & Friend Repeatedly Raped ‘Jane Doe’ in Car    
 	Every woman making false charges needs to be sued. For every man who was lied about this must happen. All that fo fund me money that lying cunt got, sue her for every penny! 
 Jimmy Kimmel Produces Official Document Confirming He Is Nation’s Moral Authority    
 	I wish that that wetback doorman would shank him on live Tv.  I'd tune in to see that! 
 Commie faggot 
 No she’s not. She’s a coal burning nigger lover 
 And so Confederate Avenue in Atlanta has been officially renamed United Avenue. The nigger mayor just signed the bill. And soon enough nobody will even know there was a name change. Well, Whites allowed a great city to become a crime ridden Nigger  jungle and so they begin eliminating our heritage and will be planning our elimination as well, unless. 
 	(((They))) let the faggot smashing people in the head with a bike lock off on community service. Never Forget That! This is the zionist jewdicial system if full effect.  
  
 	Why does this pencil necked bespectacled cunt still have his job? What am I missing? 
 if you own a pit bull you're a nigger 
 	:-(  i thought that was some kind of holloween march. 
 	The old saying is! You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold dead hand!  
 	The old saying is! You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold dead hand!  
 Lol Vox is garbage that follow along with garbage people can we all say Npc'S   Vox Defends Ammar Campa-Najjar by Calling 50th District Voters Racists   
 	wetback piece of shit 
 		doesn't matter 
 		as compared to central indian? 
 		As in middle east Indian if you are going to be racist at least be right in what you are saying lol. 
 		As in middle east Indian if you are going to be racist at least be right in what you are saying lol. 
 Democratic Socialist Ocasio-Cortez compares climate change to 'existential threat' of Nazi Germany.  
 	Clueless, idiotic fucking bitch needs to tell that bullshit to China and India, the biggest polluters on the planet! Just another idiotic fucking cunt who needs to get the fuck out of politics! 
 Colin Powell: Trump Is Not Acting Like a Moral Leader | Breitbart  via  
 	Wait what.this from the boy that sold arms to the enemy.  They should have put this Pos crap nigger in the hole when they had the chance. 
 	By what genetic metric are you not white? 
 		So, why are you avoiding my question, faggot? The only reason I asked is because you have bear in your handle, which I have been given to understand is faggot code for a fat guy with hair on his back. I realize that's a common mutation among Jews.  
 Mule-atto = Half-ASSed nigger = obama 
 who said redneck souljers country rap music     
 This poor lad, is worried as to why he can't get a job have you any ideas to help him? 
 	Twat  
 Black anime girls can be hot. 
 	Yes.  
 		nigger lover 
 Whilst I have nothing but contempt for those vile anti-semites/Nazis that inhabit the darker spaces here on Gab, I am disgusted at the way in which the lgacy media and big tech (hello Paypal) are using the murderous attack on a Synagogue to seek to destroy Gab. It wasn't Gab that planned and carried out the attack. Contempible opportunism from those out to strangle free speech. 
 		Hi mister i see you are in a state of aggitation i don't think it gonna help you at all you need a calm state to see the bigger picture you can't be ruled by emotion.-Sincerely someone who think you should calm down. 
 		Hi mister i see you are in a state of aggitation i don't think it gonna help you at all you need a calm state to see the bigger picture you can't be ruled by emotion.-Sincerely someone who think you should calm down. 
 Muslim admits her faith is no comfort whatsoever: 
 	More Bs Muzzie crap.Fuck off back to your own lands you Muzzie Pos. 
 It’s like I said a Nigger  gets free speech to slam America &  our national anthem ,but when a white person speaks up for it they’re fired Nike sucks burn every article of clothing you own from them if you really feel violated by these ads packing leftist fags making money in our country &  hating what we stand for 
 	Stormy Daniels will go down in history as a garbage human.   Trump will go down in history as a transformational president of the United States.   And that's today's lesson in "who bitch this is?". 
 			come on, you can air your beefs with Trump, but you can't say with a straight face that he won't be remembered. Whatever else Trump accomplishes, he will go into the history books as a paradigm-shifting larger than life President. 
 			What will historians really write about Trump that would be relevant to people born 50 years in the future?  Quips and tearing down easily forgettable current political figures such as Warren is only memorable to people currently alive.    
 			What will historians really write about Trump that would be relevant to people born 50 years in the future?  Quips and tearing down easily forgettable current political figures such as Warren is only memorable to people currently alive.    
 Are Nazis enemies of America? 
 		I used to think that leftists applied the term "nazi" to anybody that they didn't like in retarded ways, but they have been outdone by the conservitards. Fuck them both. 
 Just wondering. 
 	and Maurry Provich say;s the Dna result;s say Yes he is your father!and he gave you up for adoption b/c you were a retarded little shit, evil, $$ hungry leftist scumbag! 
 	Deport their butts back, can we do that instead?   
 		Yes, deport and ban Islam from all Western nations since the ideals of Western nations and Islam are completely incapable of coexistence with one another.  
 		Video please!  
 		Video please!  
 "Rainbow Nation" 
 		Flaying, Vivisection, Crucifixion and more are worthy ways to punish the vile nigger infestations. 
 'It's Just Chaos'  Pro-Brexit and Pro-Eu Tories All Turning on Pm May   
 	Eu commission went out for a drink didn't invite May  She's fuming silly twat  
 "I screwed my entire life up. I had fans that loved me, but I chose to backstab them and go after . I thought the left would embrace me. Now I'm stuck on  (Hell) apologizing for things that nobody should have to apologize for. Help!" -Megyn Kelly       
 	no shits given about this retarded cunt that wet herself over going to our white house to dine with the ape fambly shitbamas 
 If you meet every day with optimism  if you confront every obstacle with determination  if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride  then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach!   2:47 pm - 26 Oct 2018 
 	wonder who the Retard is who gave a down vote to this? and the President Is Right, And Right On. 
 Note that you have maybe one person on Gab who can post intelligently about evolution for every thousand young Earth creationists.   This is normal in the low end of the Gop distribution.   Gab is not attracting the best. 
 	Could not agree more brother! Many uninformed or retarded people here. Even with a mean of 100  still have 50% of whites below that number. 
 	Another example of the violent nature of the the nigger. Now they're hiding beind this faggot disguise  
 Rt :    Donald Trump Jr rips Whoopi Goldberg's 'rape-rape' Polanski defense after  rant invokes sons  via  
 	whoopi is a total retard , what really pisses me off is the crowd applauds for this skank  
 	Fuck you. I'm getting tired of the people in here that know fuck all but still insist on saying something.  
 					Lmfao I Dont make pussies sandwiches. Only real men get those. You mad?  
 						Get fucked? Lolol I get that all the time. You on the other hand, probably don't ever get none. It's pretty obvious.  In fact, it must really hurt to be you, I can smell your brain cancer all the way over here. 
 							Lol The fact that you think I care if you have sex or not just shows how ridiculously stupid you are. You actually can't argue the points being made so you try to exaggerate some inane, unimportant topic. Such a sad and weak man you are.  
 									3/ That said, I wouldn't put it past the government to stage false flag attacks (we know they have in the past).  But here, I don't see any evidence of it. 
 This is the cuckest shit I've ever seen. When I saw this I wanted to punched the screen why the fuck do we let these assholes on our Television and run our entertainment. America deserves a better class of entertainers.  
 		If your not from a different country get the fuck out anti American faggot your Jealous that America is better than the shit hole you live in. Eurofag 
 Marching all that way in sandals? I'm calling bullshit. 
 	maybe the ones in the 'green' vests can go clean up the shit and needles on the sidewalks of Democrat-run cities. Notice that fat cunt in the front row wrapping the fucken Honduren flag around her waist, but this is not an invasion. Fuck them. Destroy them like rodents. 
 Sick fuckin cunt  
  
 	wow, you nailed that dyke 
  
 	So many Nigger memes and so little time. 
 He's a libertarian so he reads (((Walter block))) (((Murray rothbard))) ((( ayn rand))) and Walter "everyone's nigger neighbor" Williams 
 Has anyone else noticed how retarded the spelling apps get, regarding memory of frequently used words & phrases like "pedophile", "pedovore", "Hillary",  "Massive Global Pedophilia Rings", etc ? That's just more evidence of creepy, Nwo programming & attempted Mk-Ultra Mind Control, to bury the Truth. 
  
 	It seems like you'd object to their ideology rather than their race:  Communist. 
 		Are you a faggot or a bob-and-vagene? 
 		I used to think the same. Then I watched a few of Earthling Carl's videos. He is a snake. 
 		Got a link to a specific one? 
 		Give me a minute. 
 		 Just listen to the guy. He does Lbc radio now, hated by the muslims but still defends muhammad to the core. 
 	Not in Britain he didn't. He got away with it.  
 		Egypt I know. The group is still legal here.  
 		Egypt I know. The group is still legal here.  
 A jew cunt and a push-start runt. I see rope in their future. 
 You make it sound like God is some sort of Indian-giver or more like this: 
 	God ended his covenant with Israel. They are wandering the wilderness until Christ's return. The racist, apartheid state of Israel has nothing to do with Israel in the Bible. If any of the descendants of Abraham, Issac and Jacob still reside in the holy land, they are to be found among the palestinians, not the Ashkenazi Khazarian Synagogue of Satan. 
 				That's fair.I just reviewed some of your stuff. We are more alike than I shot off. Please allow my characterization to be withdrawn. 
 				Its ok.We have to be vigilant. I let my quotes speak for themselves. No problem with you friend. 
 				Its ok.We have to be vigilant. I let my quotes speak for themselves. No problem with you friend. 
  
 	maybe he can go back to sucking cocks for quarters for his nigger pimp dre. 
 Should we encourage more black men to murder their current or ex white girlfriends ? 
 	while trump has a set of smiling nigger businessmen in the oval office cheering his calls to end violence in the u.s., forget how the monkeys stepped over the whites in memphis, jackson , etc with privileges granted by virtue of fossil genes and corrupt science 
 Eric Holder Questions Legitimacy of Supreme Court; Issues Menacing Call to &#8216;Use Rage to Vote to Be Rid of Republicans&#8217;  
 	Deranged muslim. 
 		Psychotic Cunt more likely. 
                   #Q 
 	Shill/Troll Alert - Pass It Around 
 		This post really brings it home to you what totally, utterly and embarrassingly retarded things the leftists have to come up with to keep the angry leftist intellectually stimulated. 
 James WoodsVerified account  23m23 minutes agoMore  So I accidentally started watching  (American Vandal) on . It is just brilliant. Totally unexpected. Trust me. Watch it. 
 	Sorry, no James. Susan Rice Michael and Sand Nigger Obama and Hillary Cunton are now on the board of directors.  
  
 	 you are propagating lies, taqqiya is not for the purpose of spreading Islam. Your post also misrepresents maruna.   
 		The Wikipedia link you shared merely confirmed what the meme I posted says. The bottom line is, Muslims are taught it's acceptable to lie to non Muslims. Everything is just blah blah, I don't give a shit for your minutiae Bs, go away. 
 			Here's your meme:    Here's the Wikipedia link:  
 				^^^ what she said. 
 					every fucking one of you sand nigger pedophile psychopaths. 
 "You Are Saying Only 1 In 1000 Women Are Raped?"   "1 in 1900."   "What!"   Fucking legend. Steven Crowder is a fucking legend.   
 		Why yous be typin in all de caps 
 			Helps da nigger man reads da font betters. 
 Click On Picture For The Real Answer 
 	Faggot 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
  
 		Do you live in the Usa? Our constitution say's you have free speech but it's still illegal to spit on a pig and threaten an oinker.  
 		Do you live in the Usa? Our constitution say's you have free speech but it's still illegal to spit on a pig and threaten an oinker.  
  
 	What a whimpering little bitch. He’s never fuck[ed] up fascist faces in his entire life. This little faggot would curl up in a fucking ball and cry if he ever stood in front of a real man. Hopefully his head gets caved in by a boot soon. 
 After this  Synagogue shooting if I see any antisemite attacks on gab I will report you to the Fbi. This is not a drill. 
 	Fuck off Faggot jackasses 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 		I'm with you, Brianna! 
 			He's a tranny faggot Just Like You Brianna! 
 This asshole assaulted her! He belongs in jail! Help push this video to go viral! He must be prosecuted, stop letting violent liberals get away with crimes!    
 	That Faggot Bastard Wouldn'T Try That On Rufio Panman  
 No. No he doesn't. People pay for his music not a lecture. His music should do All the talking, not his out-of-touch-with-real-Britons gob.       
 	Become Islamic you twat  
 What happened to Bradley Manning was likely a warning shot to anyone else who was considering leaking information against the government's wishes. 
 		he got busted talking to some other faggot on some faggot site. if he didnt do that no one would have ever known who he was. 
 	Before I take the time to guess, is there such a capital city? Or are you just wasting our time to play a joke? 
 		Perhaps Warsaw, Budapest, Vienna, Prague or Moscow? 
 	ok but what about the people in madagascar 
 		I don't think you can call them people.  
 	Good post. 
 	Exterminationism****** 
 	Exterminationism****** 
 Sanders is a Jew.   And some kind of hypocrite yowsa Mr third house. 
 	How much is it these days to have some faggot commie preach to me about the magical 50 gozillion genders? 
 	The only thing worse than a nigger is another fucking nigger 
 What do you get when a nigger breeds with a  kike ?    a White Californian. 
 Raving Lunatic   Watch: Topless Female Communist With a Mustache Rushes Supreme Court Steps    
 	She's more than likely one of those very women that believe in the pound me too movement, women being objectified by men, and yet, they are the one's putting all out there on display! Can't get any more retarded than a female whore who doesn't want you objectifying her! 
 We already knew this, but.leftist women are the most hateful, childish, violent scum to walk the earth. Being a conservative woman, I am automatically called "a self-internalized misogynist" "a pumpkin" "a retarded blonde". My latest response, "Character defamation is not an argument. Keep an eye on those salt levels." 
  
 	Oh look two dog Toto at the bottom up witch cunt up top whoof whoof  
 		 
 		 
 See   I called him a faggot back and now he gets all teary. If reporting hurty feelings worked here he'd be on to @a like a ferret up your trouser leg. Just like the Left on Twitter lol 
 Ark at it. He bangs on about how much he hates pedos. Would you save a Jewish child from a pedophile. Fucking wait for it should be in africa. Faggot can't say yes or no. Pedo  
 This is getting more and more bizarre now. "Alien Dna". Fan of the X Files? We have some Neanderthal Dna if that's what you mean? What your parents had to create you is between you and them son. Can't help you there. Live long and prosper :) 
 	I think this is his mother 
 			Lol Getting educated by someone else now sunshine. Not your day is it ;) 
 			Lol Getting educated by someone else now sunshine. Not your day is it ;) 
 4000 years of medicine.    
 	.Best thing to do is not break 's laws in Leviticus 11 and Leviticus 18.    People are too stupid to figure out what makes them sick in our day & age!    
 			Fuck that sand nigger Dijin 
 Writer for the Colbert Show wrote this Tweet yesterday.  She deleted it and locked her account right afterwards.   We will make sure this vile Tweet gets around so the American people know where to place their vote in November! 
 	ariel.at least he has one. selling your twat for money is not a life. 
 I just "muted forever" 6 Nazis. I have no regrets at doing so. If you are a Nazi feel free to let me know, I'd hate to miss you. 
 	7 now. I do notice that the majority have some sexual disfunction. They hope I'm gay like them. Sorry boys, I'm straight as an arrow. 
 		you need to be gassed, that would mute you forever you grandkid raping Jew faggot 
    No Childporn Following Faggot Is Following Me   You think it is cute to drool over hentai that renders a clearly underage child in a sexual manner? Displaying a child's vagina? Fuck You, You DIsGUSTING Freak 
 	Full on retard alert!  
 	Full on retard alert!  
 	this is a retarded cunt 
 If England stays on it's current downward trajectory becoming Englandistan,  they Will be ruled over by a Judeo-Quadroon Kang! Yo Harry, gib dat boi an apostrophe fo a nigga's name     
 	Rigger.Royal Nigger 
 Ford thinks President Trump was harsh she should come check out Gab! 
 	Boo Hoo! I found the unethical attorney and her perjury committing, lying cunt client to be very hurtful 
      your not a noob like this guy we might like you! Lmfao  chettoes Dick faggot democrats!  
 At least it's the retards who explain retarded stuff. 
 California has had hundreds of guns stolen from cops before, just like the singular story Trump covered of the wetback killing a woman on a pier. #2nd Ca cops lost 944 guns from 2010-2016   
  
 	If you vote Democrat you’re given up everything that you worked for unless you’re free loader and take what’s not yours   when getting the piece of the pie you work for it       it’s not given to you!    Maybe you should listen to the   Opening song on the Jeffersons 
 		retarded reasoning. How do they know the man not voting shitlib too? lol 
 		retarded reasoning. How do they know the man not voting shitlib too? lol 
 	Crocodile smile. 
 	Crocodile smile. 
 The meltdown begins.   Make sure you get your whole head in front of the shotgun. 
 	>do a flip, faggot 
  
 	Fuck off, retarded feminist morons. 
 Another absolutley retarded thing this guy says is that laws like private property will be respected in a nation of atoms. What power does the atom have ensure his rights are enforced? It is only with collectivism that you have protection from outside threats. Everything else is a pipedream. 
 100+ arrested as Kavanaugh confirmed & sworn in as Us Supreme Court justice   Rt News    
 	 They're getting paid to go to jail.  Bail will be paid.  Just a misdemeanor.  No clue what they're fighting for or against.  What a wake up call they'll get when Soros is done with them and they face the real world. I pity the future. 
 		I'm waiting for 45-year old Muzzie to self-identify as a 12-year old boy and fuck up what's left of Ginsberg's mind. (learn from experience) We wouldn't be having this conversation if we enforced existing laws. 
 		I'm waiting for 45-year old Muzzie to self-identify as a 12-year old boy and fuck up what's left of Ginsberg's mind. (learn from experience) We wouldn't be having this conversation if we enforced existing laws. 
 Muslim Cop Shoots Innocent Autistic Teen from his Vehicle in a Drive-By Shooting  
 		I would like to invite this commenter to spend some time in a locale that doesn’t have the quality of officers that the Usa does. No better lesson learned than the school of hard knocks.  
 			So Says A Twat  
 			So Says A Twat  
 Great lie you faggot piece of sh*t jew.     We have been receiving your trannie porn, your poo porn, because you don't want the truth to be known about evil degenerate Satan worshipping jews 
 Cayenne system restore. Heart attack? One full dropper will work miracles.   im gonna keep by my side and eat 10 ribs, 6 beers and a half a sheet cake!   Ok I’m lying but seriously great stuff in an emergency and sure beats baby aspirin. 
 	Where’s the data? What the fuck is this? aspirin helps because it inhibits platlet aggregation. Don’t take chances. If fucking Cayenne pepper worked they would isolate the active ingredient, make $$$ like they do everything.  If chest pain, 3 81mg ASAs, call 911. They give O2, morphine until you can get Ekg, then Nitro (vasodilator). You may need a cath done 
 		Ah faggot hoe very liberal if you. If you acted like a fucking grown-up we wouldn’t have a problem here I’m guessing your white brothers are mostly inbred. Thanks for showing your true genius  
 Obama Campaign Manager Says Warren’s Dna Results Hurts Democrats In 2018      
 	ovomit the half nigger muzzie faggot and warren aka Fauxcahontas. hahahahahaha 
 		Why ლ(ಥಥლ) 
 		More like GaymerGay lmao *dabs* 
 		More like GaymerGay lmao *dabs* 
 New York socialist candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is already mulling over her presidential ambitions, despite not even being elected to Congress yet.    
 	The cunt will never be president. We the People will make sure of that. 
 I wonder what it feels like being the token nigger that opens every advert on T.V. in the Islamic Republic of the once Great Britain. 
 This dirty dishrag whore Lana Del Rey has no right to question Kanye West since she is an untalented hack. Look, I don't like Kanye's music, but I respect Kanye the person. Him calling for the repeal of the 13th Amendment makes me respect him more.    
 	Do you want the 13th amendment abolished? 
 		You do know there's a link to beating your kids and them growing up to be violent to their wifes and shit right? But what do I know, I'm just a retarded liberal that worships Gandhi 
  
 	Ftfy bro                       
 		And Hello Fresh and Blue Apron. Apparently coal burners and Mudshark like meal kits according to their commercials. They should offer free Mudshark sunglasses With every meal kit.  Like a Not So Happy Meal. 
 			yeah I saw that one with the nigger waifu and white cucksband. 
 I would love to find the german historic etymology I saw on facebook about this folk lure boogie man goblin thing that gathered children in his faggot bag for some reason hahaha 
 Queer Mohammedan obama executive order to not discriminate against insane psycho queer transgender.Is Mohammedan obama Jewish?Queer nigger Mohammedan obama is not Jewish  
 "Hello fellow White people! It's me, fellow White man, Jan Lamprecht.  Sure, I used to be a Hebrew Roots teacher, but now I've seen the light! Dylan Storm Roof and Breivik are totally Aryan heroes! It was Not a psy op to make Whites looks bad.  If you think that, you're a jew!" 
 	imagine being this retarded 
 	imagine being this retarded 
 The fuk is this shit? 
 	Hex your way into Jenny Craig. 
 		It should say Cunt instead ! 
 Bernie Sanders and other Leftists screeched and cried until Amazon agreed to raise their minimum wage . by removing employee bonuses.   As always, Leftists don’t understand basic economics. Money doesn’t just magically appear - it’s going to come from somewhere. 
 	"Money doesn’t just magically appear - it’s going to come from somewhere." It should come from Amazon's profits. Amazon's business model provides no benefit to the American economy or the American retail industry. It's a parasitical entity and we should treat it as such 
 		In fact, we can easily look because their income is posted online. Under your retarded fiscal outline, all 566K jobs would be lost as the whole business would fold  
 Linda Sarsour also promotes Sharia Law. 
 	Raghead pig. Move to Iran. 
 	are you suggesting he was right to murder participants in a baby-naming ceremony? 
 		Only a full-blown retard could equate the two.  That damns you and it means I am wasting my time with you, you’ve already had too much of my time and so you will gain no more responses from me.  You may fill in your own blanks from now on.  Please consider poison as a means for you to curl up and die as it’s usually painful and that will be most satisfying for me and humanity.  All good?  Bye just now! 
 Totalitarian reports Fraser Anning to Stalintwatt 
 		Aye! 
 		Aye! 
 Can you smell the Betrayal, treacherous double dealing  is not even trying to hide it anymore.  stop sitting on the fence.                 
 	Twat ! 
 	Good news, the Black Doctor that character is based on is Bill Cosby from the cosby show, which turned out ot be a women drugging rapist. 
 	the simpsons, family guy, south park. all anti white propaganda  
 	the simpsons, family guy, south park. all anti white propaganda  
 Ok here I will make it easy even for a retard like you, what makes you think I am a boomer?  
 These Dem, white, elite Globalist groupies are only displaying how they’re allowed to say & do what they like, yet the rest of us can’t even speak freely. Young people are just trying to make it and live their lives, they don’t care about what these mummified shills have to say.    
 	Her disloyalty to America is legendary. What a despicable Cunt 
  
 	This is retarded  
 	This is retarded  
 Mitch McConnell Receives Standing Ovation Ahead of Kavanaugh Swearing-in Ceremony (Video)  
 	McConnell Says Kavanaugh Circus 'Fired Up' Republicans 
 		Dr Ford, won the hearts of America. Sen Chuck Schumer (D-Ny) Us Senate Minority Leader 
 			 sure did but I see the best part of you ran out your mother cunt ran down her leg 
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 		Human body not intended to handle consuming alcohol but we do it anyway.  
 		Alcohol has been used throughout history because fresh water was often riddled with bacteria. German kids drank beer to avoid cholera outbreaks, and stronger alcohol is a disinfectant. How does that compare with prolapsed ass and death from Aids before you hit 35? 
 		Well, neither of those conditions are guaranteed to happen if you’re gay, so. what does death from Aids and prolapsed ass have to do with being gay? I thought the argument was purely biological function based. Unless you want to switch it up.  
 		Well, neither of those conditions are guaranteed to happen if you’re gay, so. what does death from Aids and prolapsed ass have to do with being gay? I thought the argument was purely biological function based. Unless you want to switch it up.  
 The Fake Alien Invasion   They Want You To Believe       
 	Aliens is just an other word for demonic entities.  
 		Nah my dyslexia effectively makes me retarded lol.  
 		Nah my dyslexia effectively makes me retarded lol.  
 		'' Serbia is chock full of gypsies ''  Gypsies are 2%  of population in Serbia.  You mad, bro because Miss Croatia in 2017 was a jungle monster nigger? Here is Miss Serbia 2017. Beautiful Serb.  Not Gypsy, and  no freaking nigger Lol.   
 It just never ends. 
 	Boycott Any Nigger Superman 
 An attention-starved thot felt stressed, so she stripped naked and smeared period blood all over herself before posting pictures online to feel empowered. 
 	There is no doubt she's a nigger lover. 
 	You know you can be pro white and proud of your race and not a Nazi right? You don't have to hate all other races. 
 		Spot on mate. Decent people are proud of their own race and happy that other people are proud of theirs. That way we all get on much better together and achieve more as humans. 
 			So true, lost on some though.  
 				Only a minority mate. Imagine if Nazism or Marxism were global and the norm. We'd be thrust back into the Dark Ages. Science would be pushed back 1000 years as religion did to it after the Romans left. It's estimated that if religion hadn't dominated then we'd be 1000 years more scientifically advanced now. 
 					You never know we may just find out in a few years time 
 						Very doubtful. Most humans of all races are centre, centre-left and centre-right politically. Hate and extremism simply isn't human nature. Most folk just want to work and get on and make sure their kids have better lives. Why communism has to be forced with gulags and walls. Why Nazism has only been tried once and kicked up the arse :) 
 							 
 								Good. Vote in my pinned poll then.  is desperately hoping you're black so he doesn't look such a twat lol 
 											Antifa: "B-b-b-but we don't hate White people - we hate "racists" and "fascists!"  "Cater": "B-b-b-but I don't hate White people - I hate "racists" and "nazis!"   Yep. Totally different.   Uh huh.   Your continued inability to resist the compulsion to publicly exhibit your love of feces is again noted. 
 Nailed it! I am sick of telling a bunch of faggot traitors Scotland is run by Jews. 
 	Nigger war wohl gemeint ? 
 	Soros and the Demoncrats are paying these useful Idiots to annoy and intimidate True Patriotic Americans hoping that someone will eventually shoot them so they can go after our 2 Amendment! If one of them has a club or a knife protect yourself if you have to shoot them so be it! 
 		i can still protect myself from a Fuckin skinny jeans faggot with my bear hands!   
 I can only imagine how much this wedding cake cost . the level of artistic craftsmanship in this is stunning. 
 	can't wait for the little half breed to get shit out of that nigger slag. I hope it's a genetic throwback and comes out dark as a piece of coal! fucking niggers can bleach their skin and straighten their hair, dye it and add weaves to look more white but when the Dna hits the fan, their Real color comes out! 
  
 	Commie Pinko Corrupt Sjw Cunt ! 
 	    - Oct. 18, Killeen Texas- A 20-year-old man remains jailed after he was charged with an attack on 'man' he arranged to meet through Grindr (networking app for bi, trans, and queer 'people'.) [Good samaritan] told an officer he struck the victim two to three times with a piece of pipe". 
 		Nothing about it being a "hate crime" is that handle reserved just for whitey. 
 Crack dyke  
 endless boomers 
 	Kill yourself faggot  
 That's not actually how it works.    
 	You don't have to actually be retarded to believe this.oh wait yes you do 
 Local meth addict finds one weird trick to btfo the optics cucks epic style. 
 	Heard this faggot voted for Bernie. This is surreal. lol 
  
 		do you people ever get sick of calling every last person on the planet either a jew or agent of jews? You are worse than the leftists calling people nazis 
 			they're not calling, its the truth 
 				retard you faggots say every last person is a Jew or working covertly for jews .you folks are more annoying than the leftists calling evy one nazis. You folks are peas in a pod  
      genes are among the best in the world.    There are of course other peoples with excellent genetics as well.   Let's not start another pointless North vs South squabble. 
 	 '' Nordic genes are among the best in the world ''  And, also,  it is sad that you feel inferior to someone else who is your equal. Nordic genes are not better than yours, or mine. They are better than nigger and paki genes, that is true but then your and mine are also better than nigger and paki genes. Among Europeans, Nords are not better, they are not worse.   
 Mad Dogs & Englishmen - Cry Me A River    
 	faggot 
 If you are White then you have no business believing in the Jewish faggot man/god. Christian churches are helping the Jews import millions of Muslims and nignogs into the West. Idiot evangelicals want WW3. Behold the fool John Hagee. 
 Joe Rogan reveals that  kept illegally holding Nurmagomedov's gloves in the third round, and that Herb Dean kept letting him do it despite Nurmagomedov's complaints. Rogan believes that may have been why  was so wound-up by the time he submitted McGregor.     
 		It's the current year, and some whiggers don't know what a potato nigger is. 
 Soros is a Nazi. He has even publicly stated he was proud of the work he did with the Nazi's 
 	his brown pets.burning the flag.  
 		And the point is? 
 				Soros Is "white" as you like to call it. 
 					really?   did Whites die in "camps" in Wwii?   were Whites kicked out in pogroms?   why isn't the Adl and Splc called Kkk?  are Africans the same as Indians because of skin tone?  why do Jews have to show Dna to get in Israel?    
 						If you are referring to the people of India as Indians they are actually Caucasian according to 200 years of science. 
 									 
 									 
 In a Christian marriage there is a Bride and Groom.   In a Muslim marriage it's Bride and Groomer. 
 	and in a Nigger marriage there is a bucket of Kfc in the corner along with a pack of Kool crush and a two liter of grape soda 
  
 	Simply dumb. Nonsense screaming and disturbing ladies 
 		eat shit faggot 
 Bernie Sanders and other Leftists screeched and cried until Amazon agreed to raise their minimum wage . by removing employee bonuses.   As always, Leftists don’t understand basic economics. Money doesn’t just magically appear - it’s going to come from somewhere. 
 	"Money doesn’t just magically appear - it’s going to come from somewhere." It should come from Amazon's profits. Amazon's business model provides no benefit to the American economy or the American retail industry. It's a parasitical entity and we should treat it as such 
 		"Under your retarded fiscal outline" I haven't presented one, but since you're a brainwashed simpleton, it's not surprising that you imagine I did 
 	Wow. 
 	Blacks were easy prey for the left deep state to harvest?  
 This senile, corrupt, lying, old drunken twat is in charge of the Eu.    
 Am I the only one who thinks John Kasich is a snake in the  grass?   "Kasich: Kavanaugh Confirmation Only 'Short-Term' Win For Trump, Gop"    
 		Somebody that still has a twitter plz send that to his campaign i bet they wanna put that on bumper stickers Pronto  
 			John Kasich no solo se sienta, sino que, cuando termina, levanta el asiento para recoger a su negro  
 el spic tips   spanish footy, lower divisions this weekend   3rd group 7  =  Parla double chance @ evens  + Parla Draw no bet @ 2/1   3rd group 5 = Terrassa double chance @ evens   3rd group 10 = Balompie Draw no bet @ evens  * Double chance is draw or win 
 el spic tips   spanish footy, lower divisions this weekend   3rd group 7  =  Parla double chance @ evens  + Parla Draw no bet @ 2/1   3rd group 5 = Terrassa double chance @ evens   3rd group 10 = Balompie Draw no bet @ evens  * Double chance is draw or win 
 	A Faggot He Truly Is. 
 Christine Blasey Ford still unable to live at home due to death threats: lawyers      
 	if that pic doesn't make you want to punch a cunt in throat nothing will 
 	Fucking dumb cunt infected with syphilis and crabs 
  i have to disagree about Anime with wee lassies being aimed primarily at teen school boys.  Ive never met a teen lad who didnt dream of large breasted women.  Conversely, i dont know how many men who wanted to date me because i looked  15 when i was 20.  And they always wanted the schoolgirl outfit.  I think its fairly obviously aimed at the older adult males with wee willies that want someone young and inexperienced because they themselves never emotionally grew beyond primary school.  Just my thoughts. 
 	you sound like an angry, insecure roastie who can’t handle the fact that men like youthfulness in women. how the hell did you even find gab? twitter is perfect for you. 
 		Stop flirting with me!  I found Gab partially due to Paul Joseph Watson.  Im 23 and far more keenly aware of what men like than you could hope to be. Its ok if you like anime.  Its ok if youve a small penis.  All im saying yer a sick fuck if you like seeing young girls raped by alien tentacles and weird monsters.  Im also saying yer a silly boy and ive about 1200 followers in 3 months who can attest that im extremely right wing.  Finally my statement in the group was not aimed at one person but towards Japanese in general, and emotionally retarded older white guys specifically.   You attacked me personally instead of  the argument in my post.  This is actually right out of the Sjw playbook, snowflake. 
 Jesus is a Jew & judges your life, were you an antisemite hater or did you live a life according to God's laws? 
 	Jesus tossed the jews out of the temple.he gave up Judaism right there  
 		Jesus wasn't a Jew. You're theologically retarded to believe so. 
 Stfu, Rino Pos!    
 	coming from this faggot Flake Dc 202-224-4521.  He Is Out!   
 Jd has clear mental health issues.  
 	Anyone who doesn't think people rise from the dead must be nuts. 
 				Like I said, clear mental issues.  
 						 
 							Fuck off asshole. I served in the Us Navy for 7 years & took on people bigger than me. I never made it to sea but, I still kicked ass & surprised my division officers proving it.  The only good part of you is the fluid that trickled down your momma’s thigh. God damned keyboard warriors make me sick. & by the way. Boot camp for me was a fricking cake walk.  
 							I rest my case, fucker.   
 							 
 							 
 							Jesus Is Lord 
 							I  am a fool and I repent of this blasphemy 
 				I  am a fool and I repent of this blasphemy 
 				I  am a fool and I repent of this blasphemy 
  
 		A Child Bride The Hadith Bukhari Vol. V, No. 234: Narrated Aisha: The Prophet was engaged to me when I was a girl six years old. I was playing in a swing with some of my girl friends. Unexpectedly Allah’s Apostle came to me in the afternoon and my mother handed me over to him.   
 		A Child Bride The Hadith Bukhari Vol. V, No. 234: . At that time I was a girl of nine years of age. Bukhari Vol. V, No. 236: The Prophet  married Aisha when she was a girl of six years of age and consummated that marriage when she was nine years old.  
 		A Child Bride The Hadith Bukhari Vol. V, No. 234: . At that time I was a girl of nine years of age. Bukhari Vol. V, No. 236: The Prophet  married Aisha when she was a girl of six years of age and consummated that marriage when she was nine years old.  
 Wtf? 
 	That quantum physics quote is perhaps even more retarded than the clown.  
  
 		Get it all out  
 		 
 		Thanks. I Do feel better. Lol!  
 		Thanks. I Do feel better. Lol!  
 Of course "It's" confused, he's still trying to decide whether to get his ding-a-ling cut off or not & can't figure out yet what bathroom to use.    
 		'That's Entertainment' .Lol. After they blow through another $200-$300 million or so, I think the studio bosses will figure it out. 
 		'That's Entertainment' .Lol. After they blow through another $200-$300 million or so, I think the studio bosses will figure it out. 
 View host suggests Melania was Trump's mistress. Later talks about her faith! This isn't the faith I know!        Jesus' name for this. White.Washed. Sepulcher! 
 	Why do they put these retarded overweight women on the view all the time.  Oh, right, their audience is retarded overweight women.   
 lol this young lass hands him his ass  
 	Owen Jones is a complete twat  
 		yes.yes he is 
 		yes.yes he is 
 saw this on Reddit 
 	This is such a terrible boomer meme. Merkel is a communist. National Socialism fights communism. Jfc I can’t.   wtf!  
 		qtards think hitlers sperm was frozen and later used to spawn merkel  
 			If anyone is inbred it's you ugly, borderline retarded jews.  
 At 98% Black High School in Jackson, Ms - Near City Where Two White Cops Were Just Murdered by Black Male - Halftime Band Performance Depicts Executing Cops   
 	I would call that a nigger high school. they aren't black they are niggers.  Real black people have class and would never lower themselves to that behavior.  
 this uglier than shit, lying cunt needed a second front door because she had google interns staying there and the second door was for them 
 Over 100 White women are raped or sexually assaulted by Black men every day in the United States.     Source:  
 	Numbers don't lie. The nigger is unable to control its animalistic impulses. The nigger has always been a threat to our White women. 
 Mike Allen:  Home Invasion Thug Stabs 75-Year-Old Man, 80-Year-Old Wife Blows Thug Away - should she get a Medal?    
 		They sure picked a strange-looking grandma for this article. 
 		They sure picked a strange-looking grandma for this article. 
 Traitor in Gop!     
 	He's a "Good Man" But Not The Right Man At This Time. How Do You Understand Logic Like That. There Are Few Good Men In Dc And His Qualifications For The Bench Are Beyond Reproach.She Walks Like A Liberal, Talks Like A Liberal, and Votes Like A Liberal. Murkowski Must Be Primaried At The Next Opportunity To Insure Republican Objectives Are Met. 
 		This is why!  
 			This Is Called Consorting With The Enemy. Doesn't Look Like Negotiating To Me! 
 					Sounds Like A Good Idea 2 me! 
 					Sounds Like A Good Idea 2 me! 
 		stop it  please with your sand nigger we was joosensheeit 
  
 	It is time We get offended!   Burn all copies of the Koran   Bulldoze down all mosques   Start deportation 
 		So easy to insult a Muzzie on his level of intelligence But for my satisfaction of Insulting Them there is no Full Satisfaction I just cant Insult Them enough to satisfy myself. 
 		So easy to insult a Muzzie on his level of intelligence But for my satisfaction of Insulting Them there is no Full Satisfaction I just cant Insult Them enough to satisfy myself. 
 Oct.2.2018   Us ambassador to Nato says it may be necessary to "take out" the new Russian intermediate missiles of the type Iskander, which Russia has tested in Kaliningrad. "Russia is breaking the Inf Agreement on medium-range missiles ," said Kay Bailey Hutchison "If diplomacy doesn't work it may it be necessary to deter", she added. 
 	Russia-China keeps pushing its aggression on Western Europe.   This is not to the benefit of either Russia or the West, but China surely benefits.   Did Putin get played? 
 		Maybe stop believing globalist liars.  Nato surrounds Russia with missiles, military bases, war games. but Russia putting stuff on their own territory to defend itself is aggression.  
 			Stupid globalist cunt 
 People should over piss taking cunt alec Baldwin and pedos cunt a Hillary Clinton gang should all should be short dead  
 Beto Big crowds.  
 	Beto drew "big crowds" in Austin, not Texas. Austin is the faggot blue center of a very red state  Always has been. They once called themselves, "The Lesbian Capital of the Country" and pride themselves on being "weird" which, now, just means hypocriticaly arrogant and smug with high taxes. O'Rourke doesn't have a prayer to beat the Zodiac Killer. 
 Test 3 for censorship:  Oh this I'll believe.   You fucking cunt kike bitch, you think it's cute to mock us as "brave" when we can't even defend ourselves without catching an Adl inspired Federal case in prison for 10-20 years for self defense?   Do you know what's going to happen to you once we don't have to fear this anymore?   .keep fucking talking jew 
  
 	And what is the Christian God all about?    Romans 2:11   Leviticus 19:33-34   Acts 10:34-35   Colossians 3:10-11   Galatians 3:23-29 
 		Since you seem keen to embarrass yourself in matters you don't understand please do go on. 
 			I was a devout Christian for almost 20y. My understanding is fine.  
 				Have the courage of your *convictions* faggot.  You take a steaming dump in my timeline and when I challenge you to back it up you literally pull the "I made you angry I win the debate?". Perhaps the most faggots homo thing ever.  But sure faggot you *Are* a real boy! 
 Just curious.how many of you lovely ladies get retarded DMs from men that have jack shit to say but try to initiate lame bantz Bs?   Attention, dear newly arrived gentlemen.   We arent awaiting your rescue or dick.   please behave accordingly.   Thank you.          
 Fido : What He Taught Mary Rodgers About Love    
 	damn nigger i didn't know you were a nazi. 14/88 
 Michigan female student accused male student of rape has been sentenced to jail for lying     
 	Another carpet munching dyke that wishes she had real sex. 
 After Tiny beat the shit out of the Antifa in Portland, he reportedly spontaneously broke out into the Cupid Shuffle    
 	So sad seeing white ethnomasochists listen to and even dance to nigger music.  
 Trump fully supports Italy's anti-migration policy: I agree with their stance 100%    
 	Trump’s a retard and the people that follow him are retarded sheep.   
 When they were giving you all that shit on Voat even threatening to kill you I stood up for you many times. Even though you were never in danger because you are still anonymous on the internet. Saying they will kill "Empress" is just so much hot air and you know it. I put up with non stop slander and defamation for over a year and never dreamed of contacting the Fbi, but when he started linking to my real life Linkedin account, which could endanger my professional life, and even my Facebook page, which could endanger myself and my family In Real Life, then and only then did I try to contact the Fbi to see if I had any legal options to make him stop. I did not even expect the Fbi to do anything and of course they never even got back with me. You are acting like even if they did look into it I was going to be endangering the entire Voat website somehow. As if the overburdened underpaid Fbi field agents would have had the desire to to sift through the millions upon millions of posts to look for "troublemakers" Voat is not some untouchable holy grail and the guy stalking me is an evil little cunt that does not deserve your defense. Just stop Empress. Do not lower yourself to this level of petty vindictive bullshit. Stay focused on what truly matters. What we are both fighting for everyday. We used to be allies. We could be again.     
 When they were giving you all that shit on Voat even threatening to kill you I stood up for you many times. Even though you were never in danger because you are still anonymous on the internet. Saying they will kill "Empress" is just so much hot air and you know it. I put up with non stop slander and defamation for over a year and never dreamed of contacting the Fbi, but when he started linking to my real life Linkedin account, which could endanger my professional life, and even my Facebook page, which could endanger myself and my family In Real Life, then and only then did I try to contact the Fbi to see if I had any legal options to make him stop. I did not even expect the Fbi to do anything and of course they never even got back with me. You are acting like even if they did look into it I was going to be endangering the entire Voat website somehow. As if the overburdened underpaid Fbi field agents would have had the desire to to sift through the millions upon millions of posts to look for "troublemakers" Voat is not some untouchable holy grail and the guy stalking me is an evil little cunt that does not deserve your defense. Just stop Empress. Do not lower yourself to this level of petty vindictive bullshit. Stay focused on what truly matters. What we are both fighting for everyday. We used to be allies. We could be again.     
 No you gap toothed cunt it's because of nato there are no wars in Europe  
  
 	Black women are retarded 
 Enjoying the freedom that the British Army have fought for is not allowed. Is it even British any more? They give holidays to people in enemy uniform.       Soldier in Tommy Robinson video to be discharged from army  
 	Good luck with the future recruiting Army. How do you say army strong, bring your own machete in Arabic? Pretty sad when the recruits know right from wrong and their superiors have their heads stuck up the left's arse. Since when does the army condone rape grooming gangs? Clearly the Ba needs it's own Joan of Arc. 
 		This is belonging advert.all very nice indeed, esp the muzzy bit! I was thinking, when that cunt want,s to drop to his knee,s n pray!  In the middle of a firefight, when the shit is real & chunk,s of ground flying through the air to the whiz of bullit,s and screams of your mates!  Do,es every1 just say hang on a minute chap,s. While Abdul finish,s. Or what 
 Rt :    If he was wearing a yarmulke and she was holding a Talmud, this would be considered a hate crime.  
 	Hey but it's ok for jews to make fun and belittle whites as if they were retarded inbred hicks. They basically do it all the time.  
 Self-Hating White Cucks On Parade 
 	How about we give black people real education/training/jobs. Show them they can be proud of American life, that they don't need "thug life". How about we call just them Americans, brothers and sisters, and people who don't need a plantation. They don't need you if they have freedom. We will end the poverty and ignorance, and we will help those in the black community with real potential to become real leaders without race bating. We're gonna give that too them and You Democrats Cannot Stop Us. 
 			No. /r/The_Donald is genuinely offended by the word nigger no matter what context it is used in.  /r/The_Donald is a little slow to catch on. Murdoch has been trying to teach him for a long time that no amount of appeasing will ever stop the double standards and excuses, but /r/The_Donald just doesn't seem to have the mental fortitude to accept it. 
 I really don't understand it when people are like, "Oh yeah well look at this it proves you're wrong!" and I look at it and it actually proves I'm right. I always have to look twice to be sure it isn't some sort of trick or something but no, just a failure in comprehension. 
 	Nazis are not your friends. 
 			If Trump won't sabe you, Granny, who's your big messiah? 
 			If Trump won't sabe you, Granny, who's your big messiah? 
 Personally, I think loli posters should move their loli posting to Gnu/Smug, and just use Gab to argue the politics of it. That way you won't get banned and can continue to argue your point. 
 		If it has nothing sexual, I don't see how it can break the rules. Seriously. If there is no nudity and nothing sexual, what is their problem? 
 		Is a person considered nude if they're covered in fur? 
 		Good question. 
 		Good question. 
 Trying to remember .  Aren’t you the former advisor to a former President who empowered our Enemies, like Iran, and used all elements of power, from the Irs to the Fbi, as political weapons against fellow Americans?  Asking for someone who isn’t a raving liar and subversive.  
 	Just who is Valerie Jarrett?  And what should be done about her?          .                                                                                                                              @     
 			But obamasshole is a communist muslum faggot and she is a communist muslum dyke.both corrupt through and through.then she worked for killary.another verrry corrupt commie dyke  Are you starting to see the big picture ? 
 Man who helps she-boon gets a blast of nigger gratitude in the face from boon's grand-apes.     Posthumous lesson: never help a nigger. Let them rot.    
 Everyone is mad at Don Lemon and I don't blame them, but who are the ones that still allow Don Lemon to continue to do what he does? 
 	nigger lemon head. who cares? Lol 
 In next week's episode of "As The Wn Turns" we see Richard Spencer form the tripartite retard pact with Andew Anglin and (((Weev))).  Featuring a cliffhanger ending involving (((Weev))), a few Splc and Fbi agents, and photoshopped copies of Spencer's tax records. 
 In next week's episode of "As The Wn Turns" we see Richard Spencer form the tripartite retard pact with Andew Anglin and (((Weev))).  Featuring a cliffhanger ending involving (((Weev))), a few Splc and Fbi agents, and photoshopped copies of Spencer's tax records. 
 Pocahontas is just a dumb cunt      
 The Maga bomber was on Twitter. Should Twitter be banned? 
 	No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2.0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros  
 Who needs photoshop with all the nigger lovers in the world.  
 it's white women's turn for the 2min hate 
 	This type of subversive propaganda and agitation is the same technique the Jewish Bolsheviks used to stir up the Russian populace and convinced them to go along with them (in anticipation of a "workers paradise" these Jews promised) and overthrew the Czar of Russia in 1917. Boy, did these Russians live to regret it. Same build-up here. 
 			She's a Jewess. Do a Google image search. 
 		 
 		Behind his surgically altered face resides a creepy brain. 
 			 
 		 
 			That's not my flag and frankly I don't want a bunch of filthy arabic semites using our Aryan symbol. The enemy of my enemy is not my friend.  
 				I think I could make the exception, especially to the concept of a Syrian occupied Jerusalem. That would be worth it  
 				Agreed actually these 2 had a discord link I cropped off. Don't trust discord. 
 Serious question. Why are Jewish groups using their trucks to transport invaders to our border? "Because you're antisemitic" is not an answer. Let's be adults about this. Who is funding this?  
 	For those who think this is fake, here is the same clip used on Cbc (Fox has since edited this shot out of their B-roll pool)  
 		Bullshit. I didn't see a single Jewish star on a vehicle in the Cbc video. If there is message me back with the time on the video.  And by the way, both the muzzie hugging Canadian media and that refugee hugging "freelance journalist" can bite all the collective asses of the American taxpayers. 
 Since 1973 15,000,000 black babies have been aborted, it was intentional by Democrats.  
 		Ok faggot ass nigger lover. You want millions of extra niggers move to africa 
 "Not being dramatic."  
 	Awesome! I hope the suicide goes wrong, and this degenerate lowlife is left a retarded cripple, shitting themselves for the rest of their pathetic life. 
 	Mudsharks just never learn.  
 . Like vbox for example is another one that tends to screw things up a bit if it messes up on install or if you upgrade the kernel after installing it. (sometimes)  It's best to Try using the apt, sometimes you don't have a choice (if you have to mod the driver for the kernel, which I've had to do twice).  It's a freakin' retarded pain sometimes, even with some exp. 
 Did your wife's nigger son teach you the word "Neophyte"?    It seems to be another one of those "big words" that you clearly do not understand how to use 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger Apologizes for Using the Phrase ‘Girlie Men’  via  
 	Faggot 
 New story on Anp! Mob Attacks, Outing Sexual Assault Victims & Threatening Business Owners Are All Just 'Collateral Damage' In Liberals Quest For Power As Dem Leaders Says 'So Be It'           
 	Count me as a mortal enemy then, you ancient dried up cunt 
 What a dumb fucking question I'm not here to entertain the converted and I'm not here so you can keep nodding your head unironically to hippedy hop music.  Faggot nigger. 
 this is gonna hurt the  commission check this month: $1.4M in Meth Seized 38 pounds   at Texas Border Checkpoint, K-9 agent alerted to the possible presence of drug or human cargo in the truck  
 		The wall will never be built. 
 			The wall is currently under construction contrary to what the Lsm is saying:   
 				A token effort when you consider the enormity of the project. It will never be built. 
 					It’s Already being built moron!  Typical libtard logic:  A small token of the wall is being built but the wall will never be built   
 						Well, if you meant some of the wall will be built,  then I agree. Will it be finished? No, it never will. It’s an animal farm windmill. It’s idiot bait for rednecks . 
 							I supposed you consulted your crystal ball to conclude that the wall will never be finished!  Got it. Guess what, the San Francisco bridge has never been finished. They are constantly upgrading, painting and conducting preventative maintenance on it. So I guess technically you could be right.  
 								Yes, I am right on this. You will never get your wall. Trump never intended to keep his promises. The wall is just idiot bait for election. 
 									We'll see, i hope for the sake of America that they do build it. 
 										Isn’t it funny that I hope they don’t for the same reason? 
 											because all of those gun wielders body cutters and drug dealers are good for society?  
 												how about the guy that cuts my lawn and turns my garden? Is he good for society? 
 													do it yourself you lazy fuck, no wonder americans are dying of diabetes.  
 														lol. Naturally you can’t answer because you don’t know. 
 															This is the Democrats view of nationalism. This is the way they operate so this is the way they think everyone operates. 
 																No, this is what nationalism is about. 
 																	Nationalism holds that a nation should govern itself, free from unwanted outside interference, & is linked to the concept of self-determination. Nationalism is further oriented towards developing and maintaining a national identity. 
 																		No, nationalism is cowards begging Uncle Sam to build them a cage. 
 																			Nationalism is taxpayers not wanting to pay $8000 a month per Somali  on Aids meds, 1/2 a million on per wetback with Tb, & having little white girls raped to death by shitskins. Also less 5 day old collapsed bridges built by Obama's 2015 Champion Of Change 
 As opposed to what? Wtf do white nationalists & natsocs, offer white men?  Over 2 years of failure following trump, no vanguard, no white nationalist troops, or white nationalist forces  No white nationalist death squads  Just pussified male feminists, who post pics of white women, you white men are so thirsty for white women, you'll fuck anything 
 	Jared Wyand wasn't wrong when he said the problem with most men is they need a fight and fuck to straighten their thinking out.  
 			Intelligence is knowing not all women are like that.   Wisdom is knowing enough women are like that. 
 				Intelligence is knowing white women, are biologically designed to be some of the most destructive women on the planet   In stark contrast to asian women, who literally live to serve men 
 						Not if its true .  
 						Not if its true .  
 Gab nazis like buttsex. 
 	Nope, def don't like Tom of Finland either, sick faggot 
 I really really fucking hate you goddamned nazis.  May you all burn in hell forever. 
 	If only you hatred Jews this much for what they’ve done to the West. Have you even tried to understand the positions of the Far Right? Of course not. Youre just another faggot Cuckservative with Stockholm syndrome.  
 Soros is not a nazi. I will eat my dog's hat the day conservatives figure out the difference between nationalists and globalists. 
 	It's total rubbish. Alex Jones tier rubbish. "Soros is a nazi!".   Speaking of that will someone tell Alex Jones what eugenics actually is. When he says that vaccinations are turning kids into retards, he says that is "eugenics" and eugenics is why the nazis were bad. 
 		Thats dysgenic, like paying for nigger babies but subsidizing birth control for whites.   pay nigger women 10k to get sterelized, they aint thinking of the future and its cheaper than paying for the care/welfare in under a year 
 jews   israel 
 	So why don't you threaten to put him in a Joo body bag like you do in private messages? 
 		Who says I do? Simply unmasking muzzie trolls 
 Rt :    Only 44% of Italians would now vote to Remain in Eu. Lowest level of support in whole of Europe. Astonishing. Cc   
 	"Only 44% of Italians would now vote to Remain in Eu"    Only? That means 44% of Italy's population is already composed of a mix of Muslims and mentally retarded white natives.     Solution: everyone in Europe who votes to remain in Eu should be deported to Mideast, there they can realise the very agenda Eu exists for, to create a mixed race in an area they call Eurabia. 
 	Not around here  dick breath.  Besides asshole the meme was about a muzzie nigger saying he was superior . I don't and will not tolerate that shit. 
 	Like Andrew said in previous posts, Report, Mute, Move on. I give them No interaction, that seems to help to keep their shit down to a minimum. 
 		I do that and I still get hit with the fairy gay faggot shit.  
 Zuckerworm backs down again. This is the jew who keeps reporting me like a snubbed little girl:    
 	When the Truth is spoken, the Jew does not like it!  The Truth makes it a Fact that Jews are Liars, Murderers, and Theives! Patently Retarded also! 
 Nine women sexually assaulted by the same person over the last five weeks in London.   "The suspect is a black male, around six foot tall and of a heavy build."    
 		It's a bit of a joke isn't it considering we are the most watched  state in the world with Cctv everywhere. They can't be arsed to do their jobs. 
 		Mm, better just sit in the office the whole day on social media. Them there tweets ain't gonna monitor themselves. Almost feels like all those cameras are just for show, can't imagine the trouble of having to watch all the photage for something that could even be vaguely helpful. 
 		Mm, better just sit in the office the whole day on social media. Them there tweets ain't gonna monitor themselves. Almost feels like all those cameras are just for show, can't imagine the trouble of having to watch all the photage for something that could even be vaguely helpful. 
 Max tries to stop the inevitable: electoral extermination of the Democrats.    "Conservative columnist Max Boot called out President Donald Trump and Fox News for 'demagoguery,' 'racism' and 'nativism' in their comments about the caravan of refugees that recently crossed the Mexico-Guatemala border."         He conveniently ignores the photo in the addendum. 
 		If Max  is a "conservative", then I'm old Abe 's granddaddy!  Rotflmao!  :) 
 		HuffPo.  That’s should tell you All you ever wanted to know.  
 		HuffPo.  That’s should tell you All you ever wanted to know.  
 We need an Fbi investigation and warrant to seize the lawyer's computers.   Yes, all Feinstein and Ford lawyers computers need to be taken by the Department of Justice to find the leaker of the Kavanaugh accusation. We need to expose the collusion between Feinstein & the lawyers of Ford. 
 	Nigger pahleez! 
 		Exactly how does anyone ever believe Dumbass David Ross?    
 			Exactly how do you tie your own shoes? 
 				with my fingers, in a manner far too complicated for a moron like you to comprehend 
 					It was meant clearly as a euphemism but that would be double meaning would be a little over what your shallow little brain could handle.  I was hoping your head cracked open on one of your dives into the intellectual children's pool.  Have you ever thought of doing a high dive into one?   
 						I don't swim in children's pools, oh ye who projects his own weaknesses 
 								I'm not Jewish, don't you mean Goy? 
 											Ah, you describe yourself well!  But you have the cognition of more like a 2 year old.  You are not even close to an 8 year old.  2 year old or like a Jew, same difference. 
 Why are you hiding behind anonymity anyway? Ashamed of yourself? 
 	He should be,he's obviously unhappy and self loathing and probably white and hates white people  
 		Sounds like a right twat Bernard. British too by the look of it. Left wing benefit's bandit quite likely lol 
 Let me be perfectly clear.   Republicans don't want any harm to come to President Obama or Hillary Clinton.   We want them to go to jail for a very long time. 
 	Balls. Stop Being A Faggot Weakling. I Want The Commie Vermin Removed From Existence.  
 Little nazi faggot can't take what he dishes out.   Maybe if you weren't always fucking with other people, them other people would leave you alone?   Is that too complicated for your retarded ass to figure out? 
 Random British Poll #1   Opinions on the Royal Family? 
 	After the Queen dies we should become a Republic.  
 		I agree, I think it's the only thing I agree with them on.  Charles is a twat and then the kardashian type youngers.   Fuck em off 
  
 	I miss 0bama 
 		probably a nigger 
 That dachshund of mine has been a right cunt today. I'll get my own back though, I'm going to give him a viagra half an hour before his walk. 
 That dachshund of mine has been a right cunt today. I'll get my own back though, I'm going to give him a viagra half an hour before his walk. 
 I'm afraid the rinos are going to stick it to Trump one more time on Saturday. Hope I am wrong. (Murkowski,Flake,Collins) 
 	The vote was supposed to be yesterday.  Oh well. Cheer up. Today is Free Range Bacon herding day. 
 		We could work that in.  Kam going down on some stripper and jealous blue hair dyke mows her down, with entourage, in a rented escalade? 
 		We could work that in.  Kam going down on some stripper and jealous blue hair dyke mows her down, with entourage, in a rented escalade? 
 Another retard destined for the mute list.  
 Is it? Cause I don't believe we are the ones whining like bitches about "unity" while spewing retarded shit like "Da west is built on christianity"     We simply slap you have, a laugh, and move on. We are not concerned with unity, why should we tie ourselves to human anchors? 
 	 
 	 
 This is the left     
 	    
 		Jew cunt alert in Dallas. 
  
 	Retard!  Isn't it assault to throw things at ppl?  Young white boys are so faggot filled.  Go get 'em Alex! 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
      Fuck Nazis!   Obama Did 2008   Follow If You Support America!   Im Back 
 				Jews are retarded. This is a simple fact. But how did they get this way? Contrary to populate belief, Jews are actually not smart at all! In fact they are brainwashed retarded monkeys and are easily manipulated and in reality, they have no intelligence at all. This does not include the Fake Jew elite but your average Jew or at least a person who thinks they are a Jew but are really not. A Jew is completely programmed just like a brainwashed retarded Democrat but with a twist.  Democrats are merely a software program, and so are Jews.  If looking at the average Iq of Israel being 95, that means the vast majority of Jews are just simply retarded and easily manipulated. The higher Iq Jews are the ones who have been manipulated tremendously.  There may be a few Jews that actually have intelligence, but they probably go along with the ruse that they are superior.  Their lack of ethical behavior overall precludes them from stopping all the misdeeds that they perpetuate on humanity. Since the masses literally have no intelligence, this includes the Jew also. Jews are vastly overrepresented in academia, and when that is the case, pretty much they all are retarded.  Doctors, Lawyers and obviously University professors are complete blithering idiots where all they can do is memorize, not think.  Jews are very good at memorization, but not thinking.  Intelligence is not regurgitation. Never has been, Never will be. What makes the difference for when a Jew is programmed, they are programmed to think they are superior. This makes them extremely confident.  They are also programmed to be the nicest individuals as they are gregarious and appear to be totally in control.  They will lie incessantly without remorse which is no different than a Democrat.  They will not actually know they are lying either. But they are programmed to take advantage to all gentiles because They are the chosen ones Thus, it is not a problem nor is it a sin to make sure Gentiles are pushed down.  Gentiles are programmed to take it and the vast majority do unless they are awake. The programming states that gentiles are lessor beings and should be slaves to their superior being.  They are not, as this is just their programming. Thus, just like Democrats, Jews are controlled entirely, and if they are controlled, you can twist their minds just like a Democrat. It just requires a different set of rules. Rules: They are simple. Include the cult phrases that are typical of Democrats, but apply them to organizations they support.  This will stump them and they will not have a response.   Remember, they do not have intelligence, but the programming is extremely confident coupled with the inalienable right of deceit.  This is what makes a Jew a Jew or should a say fake Jew. None of them are really Jewish, they are merely programmed to believe they are.  
 What sort of retarded question is that? 
 		Well, hollow is tolerable.I guess it's better than flat earth.  
 		That doesn't piss me off nearly as bad as flat earth. 
 		Never Go To Mammoth Cave! I warned you.lul 
 		Ok. I do believe in magnetic gateways.  The strongest force in the universe is electro magnetism and I do believe something might be a little creepy about a cave or other spots. Ie Bermuda triangle,  that's an electro magnetic anomaly  
 		No magnetic gateways, but there's a waterhole in there they go under and into a cave you cant get to otherwise that was never mapped, that one of the ways down. They harvest the eyeless fish and kidnap people sometimes. lmao  
 		No magnetic gateways, but there's a waterhole in there they go under and into a cave you cant get to otherwise that was never mapped, that one of the ways down. They harvest the eyeless fish and kidnap people sometimes. lmao  
 	The word twat is widely used as a derogatory epithet, especially in British English, referring to a person considered obnoxious or stupid. 
 	The word twat is widely used as a derogatory epithet, especially in British English, referring to a person considered obnoxious or stupid. 
 Wentworth by-election: Kerryn Phelps declares refugees first priority as vote narrows   Kerryn announces detention centres and half way houses accommodating thousands of asylum seekers in Double Bay and Bondi. You didn’t know that when you voted did you!   Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard - H. L. Mencken             
 	She won that election too. Welcome to cuckville. 
 		Postal votes are still coming in. The Abc jumped the gun when they announced that she won. 
 			Oh fucking beauty.   I barely follow Aussie politics now lol, I just went off the search results. 
 				From what I know, theres about 4000 postal votes? Not 100% sure.  Also read that there are 2000 postal votes from Aussies overseas.  Sharma has jumped from 46% of the vote to 49% last time I checked about 6 hours ago. Heard that he is now at 50% with Phelps. 
 					How wonderful.   While I "don't care" about Aussie politics as far as my own time and effort was concerned - It really fucking pissed me off to hear a lesbian that's spouting "Refugee's come first" and "muh Climate Change" had won that. 
 						it is not over yet, maybe that lesbian cunt has yelped a bit too early  
 	I Guess She'Ll Be Seeing Leathernecks In Her Nightmares Then.  
 	I Guess She'Ll Be Seeing Leathernecks In Her Nightmares Then.  
 Hmmm  
 	Probably because they’ll burn the country down if they don’t get their way.  Democracy is not in their blood.  They need to be ruled by Saddam or Assad’s iron fist.  But the west thinks that’s cruel. 
 		You cannot have democracy in a country where they give a 1400 year old Book and some retarded clerics overall control! 
 		You cannot have democracy in a country where they give a 1400 year old Book and some retarded clerics overall control! 
 Rt :    Just In: Suspect in connection with the mail bombs identified as 56-year old Cesar Sayoc Jr., of Aventura, Florida. The suspect had a criminal record dating back to 1991 including 3rd degree theft & battery, Domestic violence, Controlled substance charges & petty theft - Pm News    
 	fake news is gonna spin this as a white supremacist Trump supporter 
 		That’s funny’cause his cousin, (quoting Msnbc 26th Oct,2018), said he thought he was always more of a DemocRAT so what does that tell ya? 
 				Can’t watch that alien. 
 				Can’t watch that alien. 
 you're right I'm an a faggot pretending to be an alpha male. 
 	Hey I found a real picture of Gee whizzz 
 	Hey I found a real picture of Gee whizzz 
 As I go to bed the faggot nazi gets brave. Good night goy toy :) 
 									Sessions recused like a faggot on anything clinton related, rosenstien refused which is great optics for jq redpilling.   Sessions came up with family separations and fixed the admin judges letting illegals stay.   Rosenstien is running show on Cville charges 
 Because apparntly people believe the man who made his fame and fortune building things, can't get something built when he's President. I present to you The Wall under construction.    
 	It's not the wall we were promised, it's just more of the same old shitty border fencing that has been used for years.  
 		This nigger is wearing his blinders and posted the wrong wall.  This is the wall that's been promised by the last few Israeli Governors and it was built to safeguard Israel.  That's the American tax dollars at work. 
 	1-descendants of europe just spent a century bonded together in usa building the greatest kingdom earths history , all the while conducting ourselves In A More Civilized Manner Than Any Other Nation On Earth ! now some how in thee insane idiot nigger mind The Most Civilized People On Earth are earths biggest problem , Wtf ! 
 Wow  
 	Yeah, nobody cares. Grow up. 
 		Say"S A Mixed Multitude  Num 11:1-4 kjv  And when the people complained, it displeased the Lord: and the Lord heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the Lord burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.   2 And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the Lord, the fire was quenched.   3 And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the Lord burnt among them.   4 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat? 
 			Bob Marley - Selassie is the Chapel    
 				He is a jew  
 					both  
 						lol their the true Israelites. A debate between Identity Christians and Rastafarians might be in order.   
 							modern jews have a some real jew still in them  
 								yea cause you fucked up their sand nigger shit ,i would be pissed off to 
 Yea, I know the feeling, I am banned/quit Twatter/Fb, I wish I could reply, But I can't. They need a mental retard check.  
 retard 
 Arraignments set for three of four arrested during open-carry walk  via  
 	Antifa recruited homeless nigger crackheads for their protest. 
 Here's an answer to that faggot kike. Because eventually someone will get pushed too hard after being doxxed and then blow up or shoot up a packed synagogue full of kikes. I bet that's exactly what this kikesss wants to keep up with the jewish victim mentality. 
 	You are so dumb. I have to question, do you really believe this shit? Are you fucking joking?   This is a textbook case of poe's law 
 					Ironic as fuck, you guys sided with communism in WW2, not to mention most of communist russia's leaders were in fact ethnic jews. 
 					Ironic as fuck, you guys sided with communism in WW2, not to mention most of communist russia's leaders were in fact ethnic jews. 
 The fake pipe bomb events we all witnessed today are nothing more than Democrats mailing fake pipe bombs to other Democrats.  This is their last, desperate ploy to try to control the outcome of a mid-term election they’re terrified of losing. And with that loss will come the implosion of the Democrat party, 
 	you are retarded 
 So once again a funny world.a bloke gets 12 months for throwing bacon at a mosque, "the world is horrified" that someone wrote bacon on a mosque wall. Yet No One is horrified this joker gets a smack on the wrist for child abduction!    
 		Fubar and Biased "justice" system. 
 		Fubar and Biased "justice" system. 
 Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke testifies in Laquan McDonald murder trial   
 Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke testifies in Laquan McDonald murder trial   
 "Justin the long-haired mac daddy Trudeau gave 10 million dollars to a terrorist who killed two soldiers. Justin Trudeau loves to protect murderers!"   ~ Arana Nation 
 	Stop voting that faggot muslum cockroach dick licker into office ! 
 I am seeing lots of powerful Jewish oligarchs chirping about the Proud Boys.     In other words, an Fbi raid is imminent.     Gavin will be pressured to disband the proud boys, or he could choose to fight, but he will be dealing with Zog for the first time in his life.    They know the PBs aren't criminals, but the Fbi is just the American Kgb: political police. 
 		Lmao at close the borders. What you gonna do about the literal millions of foreigners here now? 
 		Hol'up  What will happen if we start air-dropping guns and Pcp into the ghetto?  88d chess confirmed. 
 		Id invest in fencepost stocks first.  
 		i agree with everything he said cept the drug one. i would just add a few more very important rules. the fag thing he went too far though and i dont bother speaking about the guy cause it starts and ends right there usually. somewhat basic bitch libertarian rant anyway though  
 They tell us this is what Middle Eastern babies looked like in the 1st century and wipepo be like, "seems legit."  
 	 
 		but this is what he looked like, do you know the demographics of the middle east before the islamic invasions? 
 			look all sand nigger to me ok 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 					See, if you actually came with a legit argument, like being gay is a chemical imbalance in the brain, I could tolerate you. Gay genes? Nope, not so much. To keep harping on such ignorance isn’t helping your cause. You may want to do some research and get back to me. Until then, feel free to fuck off  
 						No, they are not born that way Studies of identical twins proves that. It’s a preference. Plenty of homosexuals have been deprogrammed by therapy and leave the homosexual lifestyle. 
 							Identical twins studies proved nothing of the sort. Stupid  christ-insanity perverts promote that lie. News flash - "Identical twins" are Not identical in all ways retard. Different personalities, Iq, tastes etc.  Google what term means. Faggots can't be fixed anymore than u can turn a nigger White. Can be helped to control their innate faggot urges.  
 How many of you think people on the Left are also making the same retarded excuse we do for our psychos: We don't really mean this shit, it's just what triggers the other side? All the while knowing many of them could not be more serious, because people are retarded? 
 	These names sound like your porn name we had in jr high. Taking your middle name and the street you grew up on, ex: Thomas Sunset  
 	These names sound like your porn name we had in jr high. Taking your middle name and the street you grew up on, ex: Thomas Sunset  
      Will Turn Your State Into    Vote!   Vote Red! 
 		Or maybe think of an argument instead of constantly repeating the same phrase like the brain dead autistic retard that you are? Oh, wait, you can't, because you don't have one.  
     German father charged for protecting his daughter against sexual assault by migrant 
 	You let the Jews run your country, you let the nigger animals in. this is your reward. 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 		Yikes    Yes, I saw, and he was dressed in women's clothes with a hippie bead necklace. 
 		Yikes    Yes, I saw, and he was dressed in women's clothes with a hippie bead necklace. 
 Shockingly, Chris Wallace tries to smack some sense into Shepard Smith - Heated Debate on Fox News  
 	faggot on the left.acorn on the right 
  surrendered her security clearance August 30, which was reported yesterday for the first time for what primary reason? 
 	the primary reason is she’s an evil cunt  
 Democrat candidate for Governor states that illegals will help get her elected.   
 	another loud mouthed nigger bitch, it needs knocked in it's head 
 Pope Francis is saying some crazy stuff. Look at this endorsement for populism, fucking based. 
 	I hate this guy so fucking much.   Right before mid-terms. 
 		This faggot Pope could be assassinated by anyone, and the people he's trying to appeal to would cheer and applaud it 
 What's wrong with "racism"? Why shouldn't White people be as "racist" as the Japanese or the Israelis? 
 	You really need to do your homework. Bag lady is the most racist cunt on the planet. 
 nigger 
 And that nigger promised to get paid by us for reparations 
 I don't believe you are an American, what town and in what state do you live and tell me your representative to prove it 
 	Why? Cuz they're racist? I'm openly racist, I live in Dc and my face is out there (you can verify this with minimum effort if you wish to check for yourself). We don't have representatives here in Dc but I do have a non voting delegate. She's a nigger named Elenor Holmes Norton and like all of our nigger politicians, she's retarded. 
 Donald J. Trump:    The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the Fbi, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Secret Service.    
 	Reading the replies on that twat feed. have all of Trump’s supporters been shadow banned or kicked off ?  
 		They suspended me and I walked away 
 		 I can’t even delete my account, because i’m Locked out! 
 		Pretty much.   They don’t like people that can think  
 		Me too. I’d love to delete it 
 		Me too. I’d love to delete it 
 They tell us this is what Middle Eastern babies looked like in the 1st century and wipepo be like, "seems legit."  
 	 
 		but this is what he looked like, do you know the demographics of the middle east before the islamic invasions? 
 			fuck those sand nigger fucks all of them  
        
 	A "British" Sheboon 
 		Okay, now you know ! 
 			The other sheboon is touring with harry 
 				Seriously ? 
 						Wow ! I’m shocked, seriously. Are you joking or what ? 
 							She's half black.a nigger in the royal woodpile 
  that time when all the retarded nazis on gab thought hitler and the nazis were right wing conservatives.     see's how they dropped a lot of the nazi logos.  But we still see you cult commies pretending to be patriots. 
 So twitter locked me out bc I was sharing a pic of Kavanaugh getting sworn in to liberals.they said I broke the rules, really.just an excuse.thank goodness for Gab 
 	Welcome to Gab,,,, 
 		Thank you so much 
 				that's awesome.I just sent a pic to liberals.I guess they didn't like it 
 				that's awesome.I just sent a pic to liberals.I guess they didn't like it 
 Lena Dunham’s crappy feminist newsletter and its website are shutting down due to slow growth and lack of ad revenues associated with with being a crappy feminist newsletter.   This, despite Jen Lawrence and Michelle O as contributors. Telling     
 	Fuck This Racist Jewish Cunt Who Said She'S Looking For To The Deaths Of All White People! 
 The man who allegedly assaulted an anti-abortion protester on video in Toronto, Jordan Hunt, has been charged with nine counts of assault and seven counts of mischief following two separate incidents, police say. Lock him up. 
 	Good Put That Faggot Bitch In Jail 
 Kavanaugh Lynching a Paid Dirty Trick from    Share this report:    
 	Why is this cunt still Alive? 
 	Ohhh, i love Owen! 
 		  hahahah 
 		hehe. i know 
 		you probably know this one lol  
 		bwahhhh. no. I've only seen him on Louder with Crowder and INfowars. Thanks!  
 		oh well enjoy the tune . Fyi he streams on youtube most everyday 
 		yah, had no idea. thanks. I've bookmarked him! 
 		cool enjoy  
 		cool enjoy  
 	There are specific categories of white youth that are alienated by the system. Certainly this cohort will grow over time. The problem is that by the time this sense of alienation is fully manifested we may not have the numbers to effect the necessary change.   Even if balkanization happens and we concentrate into a specific area where we are sovereign, the enemy will still have its bolthole in the middle east and the enemy will surround us with hostile forces.   We need a sense of urgency, and we've got to ditch Trump who has turned out to be the Great Deceiver. 
 		Hey  who would you replace Trump with? 
 			   It's a sad tribute to the failure of the Trump administration that I think that Jeb! would be fairer to us.   
 				You should have picked Hillary  , I'd respect you for being a zealot.   Endorsing Jeb . you've surrendered all claims to intelligence. 
 					Lol. I'm not really picking Jeb. What I am saying is that it couldn't be worse under Jeb.  
 						Probably. The tax cuts were Paul Ryan's "Better Way" initiative. Look it up.  As for Nk/Sk, that was the initiative of the South Korean president.  
 							Sorry  , you're not willing to give Trump any credit, so you've become a leftist joker.   Paul Ryan?   Pfffft, he and Jeb are birds of a feather and Hillary is their queen. 
 									I can only hope that Ryan has a cell near 0bama so that they can plot their escape together. And each one will stab the other in the groin. 
 	Well that should not exist.Wafu pedos  
 	its kinda a slippery slope in both directions.  
 		I'm comfortable on this slope. 
 		but as i posted yesterday, pippi longstocking is basically a loli 
 		We can write a loophole. 
 		We can write a loophole. 
 I think he's just a little faggot running his cock locker on the internet, but still.    
 San Francisco to vote on taxing rich businesses for the homeless                          News -     - 
 	The more handouts/drugs they give to the homeless, the more homeless they are going to have and the more money they will need from these "rich" businesses, and the more these "rich" businesses are going to go somewhere else. Even a retard can figure this out. 
 The child refugee in the middle won the race. The trauma of escaping war makes him look like he is 36 years old.      
 	He's going bald ffs ! If he's a child, I'm a Chinaman 
 	He's going bald ffs ! If he's a child, I'm a Chinaman 
 Nigger.tv, where all of the new worldstar videos get posted but instead they yell Nigger while filming so it just looks like a normal video shot of blacks by blacks 
 Nigger.tv, where all of the new worldstar videos get posted but instead they yell Nigger while filming so it just looks like a normal video shot of blacks by blacks 
 Welcome to Gab if you are new or curious.    Once you mute the Nazis this is a good platform. Pay no attention to those asshats.   There are lots of good people here.    You have freedom of speech here.   Doesn't mean I or anyone else have to read racist nonsense. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 		Spoken like a man that knows Hitler came from Jewish descent.  Good grief man.  .  
 		The Human Race. I'd bet if you did a Dna you'd find more then white in you. 
 		Ow Maw Gawd i have 1 percent black in me im not white whatever  
 		 You sound like a mud shark  
 		And you sound like an A$$ Hole.  
 		I mute racist ass hole. Bye Bye  
 		I mute racist ass hole. Bye Bye  
  
 	Why publish this crap & waste time looking 4 a "Runaway".   More cunt stupidity in the Usa.   R we now going to see every runaway in the news?   Wth? 
 		If they were all published, perhaps the number of children that end up in human trafficking operations in the Us would plummet.  Help might be on the way! 
 			Omg   Then don't call em Runaways call em Kidnapped by Mexicans.   U diminish the problem.   Its like a girl who goes out witha guy to get screwed & decides she doesn't like   the guy & calls it daterape. 
 			Omg   Then don't call em Runaways call em Kidnapped by Mexicans.   U diminish the problem.   Its like a girl who goes out witha guy to get screwed & decides she doesn't like   the guy & calls it daterape. 
 who the hell wants to live in a nigger shit hole? do you dopey old bag? 
 	  here is cantwell saying it again.  is this really the stuff you condone with your association with Cantwell? If not, then why associate with him?  
 		I'm not lying. I do an open phones radio show where literally anyone can ask me anything. You're a fucking bitch who will never accomplish anything, so you run around tone policing nationalists on Gab. It's nigger tier behavior and you should be ashamed of yourself.  
 "It's a tribalistic, supremacist race ." huh?   sounds like.Nazis to me 
 	"t's not a religion.    It's a tribalistic, supremacist race with an insular culture that relies on dividing its host on order to survive.  "  What you are describing is a the filthy despicable Jew Pigs!  Jews are subversive Liars and whatever they accuse others of they are guilty!  Jews are parasitical cancer and have been expelled from 1030 countries for a Reason!  Do you still belive the Holohoax like this Retard Jay? Jews are Scum and you are a brainwashed Retard! 
 Quite appropriate name for my city. Our murder rate is higher than that of New York's, yet we have a fraction of the population. All murders perpetrated by our Nigger population. 
 And they want to legalise this shit.    
 		if you are opposed to cannabis legalization, it's true that you're already retarded.  but if you are opposed to cannabis legalization And you drink a single goddamn drop of alcohol, or accept it is 'just part of the culture', then that is just about as retarded as any human being can ever be (without being required to wear a mandatory helmet) 
 Listening to the lyrics of songs gives you an idea of how retarded a lot of them are. And these retarded songs give people checks bigger than 10 years worth of work for the majority of whites. 
 	Demographics=ultimate decider but credit Catholics credit for : Magna Carta, University & Hospital System, Ban On Usury for centuries, science and health achievements, International Law & Jurisprudence, individual human rights, pro Life,      
 	The Catholic faith didn't vote in Socialism, the pple did. Catholicism is against socialism but you wouldn't know that. It violates the tenets and doctrines of the faith. You wouldn't know that it forbids usury. No, you wouldn't know that. It's ignorance and laziness that brings the fall of a nation, not Catholicism. 
 		Correct ! 
 		Catholic certainly has an omnipotence quality, yeah this is bcoz of catholic. Human, economic practice and Sanctions is not involved on this destruction, Believe Me It'S Only Catholic Capable To Do This!  lmao  
 		You stick to your bias and I will stick with the truth.  
 		That's not an argument. That's an whine.  
 		That's not an argument. That's an whine.  
 How about you just fuck off back  to whatever 3rd world shit hole of a country you come from ?   Problem solved   I'm a problem solver   Ok   You're welcome 
 	To the idiots who sent this retarded mess who’s allowed to keep living and breathing on U.S. soil. you need to be shot. Just send this idiot back to where she came from. I need a donation page to collect donations for therapy just reading about idiots like this 
 	Stupid cunt 
 Awww    
 		Her Daddy Should Have Pulled Out Of The That Diseased Whore Hole  And Shot On The Dirt Floor     Cunt Trashy Scum 
 		Her Daddy Should Have Pulled Out Of The That Diseased Whore Hole  And Shot On The Dirt Floor     Cunt Trashy Scum 
 Bash all white women.   Bash all men.   Bash all white people for their "whiteness."   Got it.    
 	Any white women still on the communist left are fucking retarded 
 Antifa harassed and attacked random motorists in Portland, Or last weekend. Watch them scream at this guy and call him a "white supremacist" for having a North Carolina license plate    
 	If police is not going to arrest those  faggots, you need to make sure Portland's police chief head rolls like a bowling ball. I dont live there so there is nothing I can do but you can. Take that cunt down! 
 Rt :    Democrat Mayor of Portland stands by , believes in the mob, not the rule of law. Only matter of time before someone is going to get killed if you continue to allow anarchy like this to thrive in the streets.  
 	DemoKKKrats are Nazis  
 		Wrong. The Nazis were Good Men that would have Shot these low life nigger lover democrats. Idiot Twat.  
 Chevy Chase Rips Saturday Night Live - "Worst F*cking Humor in the World"     
 	Nigger you can swear here. Jesus fucking Christ. 
  
 	That's just all kinds of fucked up.  Serial killing cunt is funding the Communist Party with baby parts and proud of it. 
     Fuck! Fuck! Noo!   The Conservative Demonc Hitler Regime Is Now A Reality In The United States Of America!  Fuck You Demons For VOTInG In A Serial RAPIsT InTO The Supreme Court!  You Will All Be Given A "Deal You Cannot Refuse" For YouR Attempted FASCHIsT Dictatorship Trumpervites!  And You All FuckInG Deserve It 
 	Coward fuck. 
 		Go suck a cock faggot 
 Tatverdächtig = in dubio pro Nigger 
 Remember  Sikhs Are Not muslims !   Sikhs are of Indian Origin   They joined the British Army & fought in Both world wars With Us   Sikh girls are being raped by muslims too    
 	Uk Judge sentenced Moslem rapist  to a longer sentence because the children he raped were Muslim the piece of shit judge valued Muslim girls greater value than both British & Sikh!   That racist piece of shit Judge is still working the cunt should be in a cell with the rapist cunt  he sentenced, all for longer sentences but not Islamophile shit Judges! 
 		We all know judges are corruptable & non human 
 		We all know judges are corruptable & non human 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	Went full retard 
 	Went full retard 
 Too experienced to be triggered over a post from a faggot fuck like you. Any generation that despises their elders ( like You Do ) is a generation that needs to be ( and will be ) sidelined like the worthless trash that they are. 
 Remember Kids . the Name the Jew Bullshit . is a counter intelligence program . This is why is Only serves the system.   Try breathing through your nose. 
 	Prove us wrong. You can't and you won't, because we are right. But like any leftist, you'll cry about the truth and dig in your heels and name call.  
 		Exactly. You have nothing to dispute that Jews are behind every immigration push in White countries, every push for degeneracy, every weapons grab, every anti-White movement. We are right and you are wrong.  
 			You are a loser. Loser. Keep being a Bitch or Win . Simple Choice really. You are a Cunt who uses words -- you will be ass fucked in Prison because you are Bitch. 
 				Downvote harder. Cunt 
 					Failure. Your failure is internal -- to you.  
 					Failure. Your failure is internal -- to you.  
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	The enemy of freedom: Brianna Wu    > Candidate for Us House of Representatives in Ma District 8.    Ma Gabbers should know how to vote on this one. 
 			This person had a dick at one point fyi 
 			Not my kitchen! 
 			So a freak as well as a slope. 
 			So a freak as well as a slope. 
 Don't cry too hard.bitch. Lol! 
 	Imagine my surprise when I found this Twat Begging for Bucks. Her books are highly rated also 2.5 on a 5 point scale, ha!   
 I have a serious question. How does Andrew Anglin/Ds still have readers and followers? 
 	There are many good men involved in the preservation of our White race, of course.   But I get the impression the unironic "alt-right" has a large contingent of extremely immature young boys. There's no other way Ds could still exist. 
 			In a better world, yes, they should be capable of figuring this out. But I've stopped underestimating the stupidity and power of an online circle jerk. 
 			True story  
 			True story  
 		I credit the coal burner and mud shark with that. 
 		I credit the coal burner and mud shark with that. 
 Hillary Clinton snipes at Theresa May’s Tories: ‘A long way from the party of Churchill and Thatcher’  The Old Dyke Must Be Getting Ready To Make A Run Again In 2020. 
 	It is a sad realization isn't it?  
 		Big time. When I lost my union coverage after 10 my cobra went to $1300/month. So since aca wasn't done yet, I bought private 4 me n the boy (divorced). $110/m.  Next year, only day labor work, wasn't eligible for the subsidies. 
 		So a Cpl yrs ago was working day labor again and bought an aca complient $70/m policy.   No pre care, no x-ray coverage, no prescription benis, completely useless, cept to save on the taxes.  When I filed, I still got wacked w the fine. Outrageous.  And the Kevin Brady's and McCarthy's are doing it to trump and us again.  Same prob, 0 solution. 
 		I hear ya, same thing happened to me. So I figured if I was gonna get the fine anyways I was just going to take the fine and nothing else.  Luckily I have dodged any health problems for the most part. I voted Trump for two things a Wall and to see Obamacare scrapped. Let down so far. 
 		Same here.  
 		Same here.  
 Peace and love. 
 	loopy cunt 
 Lol,  stupid nigger likes to go online. 
 Eric Holder rejects civility in call for violence: "When they go low, we kick 'em. That's what this new Democratic Party is about."    
 	Lynch the cunt 
 Now here is a story that would not be shown on  because it’s about real race hatred . Gang attacked strangers because they were white non-Muslims   
 	These pig turds were punching a Dude and his Girlfriend tried to protect him. Fuck's sake Brit guys, you are so cucked and passive these days that you need your girlfriends to protect you from pencilneck retard Muzzies (or Any other dork, for that matter).   Hit Back Goddamnit! Stand up for  Yourselves. It is past time. No more mambypamby sissyassed passivity waiting for Big Brother to come along and save you. Protect Yourselves!  A man shouldn't have to explain this shit to other "men". 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock.    
 Whites have two choices:  (1) Stand up and advocate for our racial interests, as all other races do; or (2) do nothing and go extinct.   In order to survive long-term, we Whites will need our own ethno-states.                #Q    
 	Why do I give a shit about my color? Talking about color like it means anything is a waste of life. What means something is knowledge and culture. Skin tone? Come on now, that's some ignorant shit. Why don't you go found an ethno-state for people with tiny brains? 
 		fuck off anti white retard 
 	Xd Nigger niggER Nigger NNigger Nigger Hahahahah Im So Funny Im 13 Btw pls Like My Posts And Orbit Me im Not Like The OTheR Girls 
 	 
 	Odumba just won't shut the fuck up! He's a mouthy libtard socialist piece of crap! He needs to be eliminated from the public forum. Method? Whatever works!  
 	Odumba just won't shut the fuck up! He's a mouthy libtard socialist piece of crap! He needs to be eliminated from the public forum. Method? Whatever works!  
 	camp load of upstate muzzie jihadi's on a field trip 
 Indian troops martyr eight more youths in Occupied Kashmir      "youths" 
 		large groups of women tend to syncronize- we found that out with the Womens Army Corp and other military units- Mohamed kept promising virgins- and having 72 in a sociable mood may have been interesting- but the other 26 days of the cycle? poor-poor-poor simple minds- 
 		large groups of women tend to syncronize- we found that out with the Womens Army Corp and other military units- Mohamed kept promising virgins- and having 72 in a sociable mood may have been interesting- but the other 26 days of the cycle? poor-poor-poor simple minds- 
 "You and your racist Nazi friends!"    (Projectile vomits pea soup)    
 	Some real truth of ww2. 
 		Allied assholes and baboon butt faggot jews can fuck off and die  
 If you live in metropolitan/downtown of large cities, please make sure you Vote Early, have a few weeks food/water stored. Not trying to be a concernfag or cause panic, just be ready <3 Potus is in complete control and looks like proofs coming 11/3. God bless the Usa! 2018 Will be Glorious!   #Q        
 	There is no way in Hell I would give Brenda Snipes 12 days to find my Ballot and toss it out. She was caught doing that to 150K ballots in 2016 and got a pass for it.   I'm going to the Poll on November 6th to stump against that filthy Liberal Cunt Debbie Wasserman Shultz and try to get our Republican Strawman candidate elected against his wishes.  As that sorry bastards has been more Awol than Jeff Sessions on the campaign trail this election season.   Dws has to go, I hope we can hang the Gop candidate and get him out early with a provision vote after he's locked up for being as crooked as he Must be.   I'm fighting the biggest corrupt political system in the Country The Broward County Elections.   I will stare them down with stink eye on election day.  
 After this  Synagogue shooting if I see any antisemite attacks on gab I will report you to the Fbi. This is not a drill. 
 	Fuck you.Jews are opening our borders to foreign invaders you faggot  because of that, a million white girls in Britain have been raped   we have lost cities to Muslims   they are Emptying the 3rd world and bringing them into the West 
 Donald J. Trump Retweeted   The White House       1:38 pm - 12 Oct 2018 
 	Great thing there is No liberal twat to waste the water, food and $$$!  Also these are typically conservatives so they will pitch in and get things running again.  No hidden evil agenda.  Are you watching Pr? 
    
 	Poor Alyssa, so old and fat now you can't make sex tapes anymore? So Stfu and pay your taxes, you useless twat 
 Stop referring to "Leftists" as "Liberals." 
 		The fuhrer had complete/total control of the Nazi government. On a scale from 0-10, 0 being no government control (anarchy) & 10 being complete/total government control[ the Nazi system ran on a 10 or complete/total government control system. 
 		ok, but Anarchy isn't "Right" nor is National Socialism or Fascism "Left", Italian Fascism was still subservient to the Monarchy, Victor Emmanuel appointed Mussolini as Prime Minister and equally revoked him of that power, Jewish Communism sought to destroy all Monarchy's to put in place Communism or "Democracy" (diet Communism), do you define Monarchy as "Left Wing", if your answer is yes, then go ahead and hang yourself for being a stupid idiot. 
 		Depending on the parameters of the spectrum/chart. If merely a 0-10 scale, as I previously noted, I think it is a fair graphic. I understand your point, and appreciate you articulating your beliefs. Just to clarify I am not suggesting that National Socialism, Fascism, and Monarchy are the same ideologically.  
 		the chart should strictly state authoritarian vs. absolute freedom (anarchy & chaos) - Not a misleading Left and Right spectrum, as Fascism is the ideological opposite of Communism, one is Nationalist pro-tradition and ultra-patriotic, the other is international, anti-Religion, anti-tradition, anti-culture and Jewish. 
 		Fair enough. 
 		Fair enough. 
 "John James is ahead because he is a good man with the best intentions for us Michiganders." Commit suicide you brain dead nigger lover.  
 	How dare you use this culture to justify you racism and xenophobia. If you desend from Celtic blood and hold these racist view you are spiting on your ancestors graves 
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 When someone talks about vaccination, or 'anti-vaxxers', all I hear is.   "I'm from the government, and I'm here to help."   I'm not anti-vax, per se.   However, if you keep me ignorant wrt the potential side effects of vaccines, you're not helping me . at all.   "I'm a doctor! Trust me!" simply isn't good enough. 
 			Nb: the energy vortex in the Mesopotamian region was damaged. But Europe has hidden vortex power points and cheqy board and pentagram signs in strategic points - when used wisely will protect Europe from the negative spirit/energy from the Middle East 
 				imho, I think aspects of catastrophism come into play, here.   Velikovsky, Graham, Carlson, Thornhill, etc.   e.g.   An alternate view of pre-history   Symbols of an Alien Sky       At some level, I also think all of this ties into quantum physics. 
 					I will rely on the Us Air Force to protect Europe from radical muzzie energy.  
 						The Us military is having severe problems with Or rates and pilot retention. 
 							Sure, but that does not mean that there aren't enough to bomb Europe And islam into oblivion, remember American methods are based on overkill.  
 								Have a nice life, 'ski'.   Go hijack someone else's conversation. ;) 
 									Do you actually think what passes for your "culture" is going to save you? Lol! 
 									This is hardly a hijack.when I want to hijack your thread you'll know it. Energy vortexes, no wonder the muzzies are eating your lunches.they are coming on planes train and automobiles and ships.So these vortexes, based on bloody eurotrash history, have they ever saved you? 
 									This is hardly a hijack.when I want to hijack your thread you'll know it. Energy vortexes, no wonder the muzzies are eating your lunches.they are coming on planes train and automobiles and ships.So these vortexes, based on bloody eurotrash history, have they ever saved you? 
 Nigger is because we need to keep all filth under the same name. 
 I thought it was the same guy in both pix! So many of them now that even their victims are other Mexicans. If Whites had a Fraction as many kids as they do, we wouldn't be in decline. It's always "father of Six" -- while white guys all went "Mgtow" etc.    
 	How can these guys manage to father kids. So obese their dicks must be inverted. On white population decline-Remember back in the 60's & the lefty  propoganda. Must have less kids or the future world population would be too great for humans to survive. Only the white folk  did something about it.  
 		I remember in the 70s being told that overpopulation would be our downfall. Stop breeding. Then they took food and modern medicine to Africa and told them breed like there's no tomorrow. Suddenly population control is "rayciss"! 
 			The policy was called Zpg.  Now look at Mad Merkel's (Ger) solution, invite no-skill Muzzies from Syria and other Shit-hole countries into Germany to perpetuate the Ponzi-Scheme Socialist Retirement System.  Do the think these rats will work in a factory?  lol.  Merkel Cultural Enhancement. 
 				Love it. That is absolutely correct. Someone has been doin' their Muzzie  Homework. The Germans also overlooked Taqiyya (lying for Islam) Pedophilia (Mohammed raped his 6 year old child 'bride' a costume enthusiastically followed today) and they still practice slavery. 
 				Love it. That is absolutely correct. Someone has been doin' their Muzzie  Homework. The Germans also overlooked Taqiyya (lying for Islam) Pedophilia (Mohammed raped his 6 year old child 'bride' a costume enthusiastically followed today) and they still practice slavery. 
 A mudshark's love story.    She told him she was breaking up but let him stay the night (read fuck her again) and borrow her car. Then she wanted her car back. Now she's dead. The end.     
 	thats what you get for being a mud shark, you worthless cunt 
 		It is. But I bet she was never taught a thing about it. Not taught it was even ok to have in group prefrence. I saw what was said to be her mothers posts on diversity. She probably was never told a single positive thing about but plenty of negitive.  
 		Thats the tragic part idnt it? But I'm not sure 
 		Thats the tragic part idnt it? But I'm not sure 
 Extreme views, Ukip are not extreme?   Mep Bill Etheridge Quits Ukip over ‘Extreme’ Views   
 	Etheridge was a Tory b4 & always undermining Ukip cos he wanted to be leader His disabled ex Wife worked tirelessly to get him elected as Mep then the cunt did the dirty on her & fucked off Bill is scum not to be trusted 
 		That's why I don't trust Ukip, too many Tory's with too much influence & donors that we don't know about. 
 		I don't trust any politicians Worked as Policy Advisor for Defra for c.8yrs & worked with Ministers 
 		I agree with you there I don't trust any of them either, they all come across as very two faced. I've met with Liam Fox a couple of times & he gives me the creeps, holds onto my hand a little too long etc. That must have been a good insight to what goes on working with Defra? Do you think they will ever do anything about un-stunned Halal meat? 
 		Your right there it's gotten too out of control. The Rothschilds/globalists need to go too along with their army they've imported. 
 		Your right there it's gotten too out of control. The Rothschilds/globalists need to go too along with their army they've imported. 
 News flash I don't like Niggers, Jews, or any non white sub human scum. If you have a problem with that feel free to unfollow or block me. I don't like nigger lovers. I'm not brainwashed by Zog thanks. 
 Florida   - Police union endorses Republican Ron DeSantis  four years after endorsing Democrat    
 	don't let that commie nigger into the Guv's office! hell no! 
 Disgusting Muslim justice. India: 18-year-old Muslim girl tied to tree for five hours and caned for relationship with Hindu boy India: 18-year-old Muslim girl tied to tree for five hours and caned for relationship with Hindu boy    
 	This is the kind of bullshit Linda Sarsour, demon crats, Cair, Muzzie Bro Hood, and muzzies in general want in the Usa and elsewhere!  Fuck That!  Savage Bastards! 
  
 	Time to charge these traitors with violating their oath of office! 
 		The Constitution is the "supreme law of the land" but this nigger don't like it dat way. It "manipulates" people, don't you know. Like giving them 10 specific Rights. This monkey knows all this but he needs to shade the truth to rally his D mobs. This turd needs flushing! 
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 		The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right," therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites.   Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 						if you're telling us you cant Id a white person just by looking at them, you must actually be retarded but, we know you're lying. you know damn well what a white person is  you're just using that classic marxist deconstruction tactic  next you'll try and tell us its nothing more than a social construct  you 'people' are so intellectually dishonest, it makes me sick  
 Idiot.tip according to your need to be generous no matter what color.being an Idiot is not much of a strategy. Try being Tipped.making below Minimum wage and depending on kissing your hairy ass perfectly. You are an Idiot,I'll give you the tip of my Cock! 
 	You mean get tipped like the lazy servers did when i worked in kitchens  500-1000 bucks a night carrying what i sweat balls n burned myself to make? Sure thing you got a deal. 
 				The Cook.special orders don't upset her.  Maybe she will make a point soon? 
 				Chicago. We will pick you up at O'Hare Airport.in a Limo. We will have weed like you never seen before and we will tour you through the White North Side.then?  We will beat your ass and drop you off as a Naked White Boy on the South Side. You will learn that there are people that hate you worse than Jews. 
    Pixies - Here Comes Your Man 
 	faggot 
 Place your bets on the outcome, once the Shtf. 
 		i bet on the faggot ! because the fat dude will deflate without his 5000 calories a day while suffering without a Pct 
 Peaceful town votes in a perfect pc profile mayor and gets a predictable result: a bunch of snowflake ordinances that drive people batshit    
 	fuck this nigger 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 My favorite part of tonight's Trump speech:   "we're not really supposed to use that word, but you know what I am? I am a Nationalist"    
 	>nationalist >sells out to zion lol 
 		you thought wrong, kike faggot 
 Gabs getting shut down cause some faggot hates jews and had an account. How about all those mass shooters that had Facebook and Twitter. Are those sites gonna shut down now too. Fucking bullshit.  
 2020: Avenatti: Cory Booker Too Soft to Challenge Trump | Breitbart    
 	The only thing this dumb as s half breed nigger has going, is he is black, dumber than hell, and democrat.he is an enigma. 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 													No, you are a complete retard like most people.  You are a walking zombie but not that you would know it! 
 	Does she have 1/1024th retard ancestry?  
     Keeps getting deeper and deeper    
 	this is boffo box office. I love it. If a cunt wants to smear a good man, she'd best be ready to get smeared in return. Live by the slander, die by the slander. 
 Because Q is a narcissist faggot and a larp. 
  is a retarded asshole and an ignorant slut. Making false accusations is a way of life for her, as it is for most liberal women. 
 Just a reminder that The New York Times hired this vile, racist Pos even after reviewing her hate-filled social media posts. 
 	Every time I see a dead fucking commie, Sjw cunt I do my own little happy dance. 
 Awful!   Classless Barry Obama Continues Midterm Campaigning - Compares Trump to "Tin-pot Dictatorship".    
 		obamy Has Millions Of Dollars Lmmfao    But You Can'T Buy Class Period    He'Ll Always Be A Trashy Diseased Degenerate Hood Rat Thug That Lives With A Diseased Yetti Cunt 
     Are you aware of this bill that just past the house.    
 	H.R.1911 - Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism Act of 2018   To learn who rules over you, find out who you’re not allowed to criticise.     
 		Lol, white supremacists claiming they can't criticize Jews while criticizing Jews.  Retard power! 
 If we catch them throwing blood and red paint on our statues dump it on their head. If the government won't punish these nigger miscreants we will. 
 Marie-Claire Bissonnette, 27, is the beautiful young woman who was round house Kicked by a f*ucking Coward, ( now unemployed ) 'Hair Stylist' Jordan Hunt .        Police investigating, she Will press charges  --------------------------------------------------------------     Pray 4  <  >                                                     @1776Ninja             
 	Fucking cunt assaulted a woman because his feelings were hurt. He is a bucket of slime.  
 	Fucking cunt assaulted a woman because his feelings were hurt. He is a bucket of slime.  
 "indoctrinating encroachment" would be more appropriate.  You just sound like a nigger using google translate. 
 For the same reason that boat niggers who Invade Europe are all military aged men.  Except, South Americans aren't half as bad as retarded african savages who sow death and destruction in my continent. 
 	Black Pilled just released a video about this today:   No White Guilt for Blackface       
 			Give them a simple choice: You can allow us to send you to Africa alive, or you can stay in a mass grave. Won't take long before most choose the former without hesitation.  
 			Give them a simple choice: You can allow us to send you to Africa alive, or you can stay in a mass grave. Won't take long before most choose the former without hesitation.  
 Rt :    Democrat Mayor of Portland stands by , believes in the mob, not the rule of law. Only matter of time before someone is going to get killed if you continue to allow anarchy like this to thrive in the streets.  
 				You are a weakling Nigger lover.  
 They parrot the last conspiracy-theory retard that liked their stupid fkn comment last month. 
 Talks about "Mdma" "Galt" /ourside/ "my fellow white women" and retorts with "You ain't special or even useful bud".  Are white women of birthing age any good if they're banging niggers, banging low life wigger Mdma guru pieces of shit like you, or compromising their children's safety?   
 Mmmmmm nigger baby 
 It's totally insane.   I'd have found me a black women with a gay brother who killed himself and sworn he killed himself because Kav kept picking on him calling a worthless nigger faggot, and put this baby to bed once and for all.  
 A favourite nigger stereotype against Whites is the claim that all serial killers are White.     This is the story of one of the worst serial killers in Us history, and the coverup perpetrated by the jews media because of his race. Guess which race? That's why you've probably never heard of him.    He worked in an abortion clinic, where he murdered hundreds of newborn babies, and jars full of their body parts were found in his office at an abortion clinic.   A movie was recently made about this murderer. The jews media are already muzzling any promotion or news about it. Covering up for niggers runs deep.     
 How fucking retarded do you have to be to know what Trump stood for since day 1 and not like him and his policies from day 1. He was legit from the day he started talking policy. But now you like him? Fuck atta here 
  
 		 Says the retard who doesn't understand history. The Nazis were evil, you fucking retard. 
 This one may actually explode, folks. Keep a safe distance! 
 		Um no honey. 
 		Um no honey. 
    transgender jew back in court   another mortgage fraud thing 18 months   what will he come back next as the great  soprendo 
 		lol, well i am a cunt so thats nice recognition 
 Twitter Ceo Jack Dorsey says:  "Freedom of expression was never a mission of the company".    
 	That's cuz he's a retarded fgt 
     Sweden to expel 6-year-old orphan to Ukraine while granting amnesty to 9,000 Afghans    
 	That kid has the wrong complexion for nigger loving Swedes. 
 This Scandal Will Destroy Cory Booker    
 	been a sleazebag faggot for years 
 	Looks like . is abouts to to get squeezed. 
 	I would rather drive nails into my head than listen to Kanye West's "music", but his oval office press conference with President Trump and Jim Brown today was brilliant. He understands how much harm has been done to African-Americans by Democrat policies in his lifetime, he grew up in southside Chicago. 
 	I would rather drive nails into my head than listen to Kanye West's "music", but his oval office press conference with President Trump and Jim Brown today was brilliant. He understands how much harm has been done to African-Americans by Democrat policies in his lifetime, he grew up in southside Chicago. 
 Tucker on the Adam Carolla Show:       -   To subscribe to , reply to this post with  - (If you're already receiving notifications, there's no need to re-subscribe)  cc:                                           @22calgal                                                                                         Don't wanna see these? Then mute:  
 	If you've listened to the interview and liked the short clip Adam played of him destroying Gavin Newsom(D), here's the full interview:  
 		Adam Carolla nukes  gavin newsome- on video 
 			what minute? 
 				come on jase- 1 hr 6min ish 
 					I'm looking for this you twat   'destroying Gavin Newsom'   Your supplement intake  to hide your dysfunction does turn me on one bit  
 						lol- he just questions gavin- and does not let up- ya bastard--- where's ol floppy hiding? 
 							fucken tick 100 of my posts  
 							there's hoppy 
 							giphy no longer has it. Too many complaints I suspect lol 
 							he was everywhere for awhile there 
 							he was everywhere for awhile there 
 One of the questions asked regarding the White Ethnostate is, what kind of policy will it have to prevent diversity? Who gets let in and who is kept out? I'll tell you from my point of view as someone who's in a town that had been 99% white until about a year ago, you cannot let in a single black or brown person. 5 years ago, the only blacks around here were lower income degenerate junkies but they kept to themselves. Then, black families started moving into town and it took a population change of less than 50 people to noticeably increase the violent crime rate. One black dude robbed, at gun point, 3 businesses on Main Street and 2 in the next town over before he was caught by the police. Just one person over the course of a few months robbed multiple businesses. That's all it takes, just one nigger and there goes the neighborhood. A shooting over a domestic housing disagreement occurred a few months later, the perpetrator a mulatto. The crrime and drugs have gotten so bad here that the police department has hired 8 new cops in the last 2 years.    Looking at all of the available data, showing the demographics, property values and crime rates over the last 30 years here, there is an evident relation between an increase of blacks and an increase in crime. Even a minor increase of 20 blacks results in arrests increasing by an average of 20%.   I don't need anymore convincing that diversity is a problem, do you? 
 Imagine being so weak that you sob about politics to your therapist every week. 
 	Another twatter faggot  
  
 	I think you mean, after the nigger invasion 
 A 68-year-old man in Turnhout, Antwerp had his face broken in 11 places after receiving a vicious beating from migrants who were offended by how the victim’s dog smelled.    
 	.Ah yes. Paul Joseph Watson is a flaming faggot who don't agree with some of the laws which muslims follow which is part of the same laws that  put in motion through Mosheh & Aaron in the days of old! 
 We made it Maga Doent Slow Down     
 	Hey Everyone!  We're not racist! This nigger agrees with us!  We're not racist! 
 	I've known that the feminists were messing things up since I was a child. 
 		Omg I can't stand them chicks. One smirk from them at me with their snarky attitude they'd wake up in an Er somewhere! 
 	Dannett, tell us how you really feel! 
 		 
 		 
 	Look, I'm a  that even believes in the  of , and  .  As a Christian I do not believe the Secular state of Israel is a fulfillment of Judain repentance, and Messianic Zionism. But they deserve a Nation as we do.  
 	I think it's ignorant of indoctrinated  to think modern Israel is the fulfillment of what is in scripture .they have fags, pagans, blasphemers, and sinners in huge number among them. After Jesus returns Judah will repent and be accepted, and biblical Israel will be for the body of Christ 
 Please show it to all the Fucking Jews and Democrats!  They are all Retarded Racist pieces of Shit! 
 Fucking looney 
 	Israel shills can never answer. Always parasitizing on each other. "Friends". 
 			Go hide, treacherous (((paedophile))) loyalist. 
 				says the slug . 
 					Sticks and stones, rapist friend. Or tell us, why call the jewish nation "Israel"?    
 					That's what I thought. As long it is not you, anything goes. Right, mo-scam?  
 			Israel would not last a week without support from the west. They are terrorist, and every supporter should answer for their crimes as well. 
 			Israel would not last a week without support from the west. They are terrorist, and every supporter should answer for their crimes as well. 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 					Ffs  
 						Man,  doesn’t know when to quit.   Round 2.   Rekt without breaking a sweat .    You kick-ass well Miss Pix and they keep coming back for more.  Jameson’s on me.  
 							 cheers, Tam  this was light work. I was hoping for a challenge, but was sadly disappointed. I’ll still drink to it, though!  
 								I agree! Better than you faggot fool you!  tf is that? 
 A migrant is being prosecuted for Torturing two young Swedish boys.   The children were burned with cigarettes and their hair set on fire.   They were ordered to kiss the shoes of the attacker, who then kicked them.   This Has Got To SToP    Share!    
 		She had a good heart but poor critical thought upon the consequences of her fundraising.  
 		She had a good heart but poor critical thought upon the consequences of her fundraising.  
 The pagan movement makes no distinction between Christians who work with other faiths for leftist goals like open borders and diversity (Christian Hindus) and Christians.  Remember, Jews hate Christianity because the Word. Never associate with a racial alien.drive them out of your lands before you. based af.  Also Pagans =CryptoFeminism 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					You heard it here first folks lol.  Please stop messaging my account. Thanks. 
 						Mute it. It's a White nigger of the kikenvermin.  
 The Stranglers - Hanging Around    As good as the late 70's had to offer.    
 	faggot 
 He is a nigger 
 I just wrote my chapter on family planning, saying that for entirely too long we have submitted to the emotional blackmail for subsidizing children who should not have been had and the mothers who manipulate a broken system.    A system overhaul which does not incentivize the wrong people to have children is utterly essential, as important as immigration. 
 	Abortion laws & welfare need careful examination, reality had we kept the prohibitions on the first and never instituted the second we wouldn't have such dysgenic societies. Trouble now is, remove abortion & you'll likely get more (proportionally) non-White births. Remove welfare & crime will go through the roof, & Whites will also have less children. 
 		Why? Are you suggesting that homosexuality and misogyny prevent white males coupling with white women. or are you just another self aggrandized scientist indoctrinated with faux science? 
 			I very much believe homosexuality has proven destructive to the family by distracting from the fact marriage exists to enshrine the family to protect and raise children, and allow people independence from the state, and that feminism has hurt both genders immensely by artificially conflating men and women to meet social goals of a certain progressive faction at the cost of hurting both genders deeply. 
 				I mean, what Nami says is true.  What somebody else is doing isn't preventing you from doing what you think you should be doing. 
 					They spread disease and more likely to molest children. Children who are molested are far more likely to be homosexual or have gender identity issues.   Everything about the homosexual community is detrimental to society and the rate of mental health issues is astounding. Pretending they aren't hurting anyone is fucking dishonest. 
 						Heterosexuals spread just as much, if not more, diseases than gays.  Do the gays molest more children?  I see a lot of people making those claims but no real data.  Do you have any data? 
 							you're fucking retarded 
 He's a nigger (in case you didnt know) who's greatest achievement as a nigger is bagging a mudshark. Funny how niggers always define their self worth by their ability to compete with Whitey on some miniscule level. 
 NatSocs! Why capitalism works if you make an effort. My mate Jane's son. 26. Left school at 18. No uni. Learnt web development from 14. Now earning 60,000 in London as web developer for major luxury holiday firm. Now on secondment to Delhi for 10 days training Indian It lads. Top hotel, great food, all expenses paid. And he's gay, just to piss you off more lol 
 		And.here we go. The jealousy arrives. He didn't go to public school. He went to a State school. All his gay mates are very successful too. Why don't you get out of bed and make an effort? Then you could be happy like him :) 
 			I’m happy with my life, as demonstrated by the fact that I can make an argument and submit a rebuttal. You on the other hand argue with fallacies and weak insults. You’re so stupid you didn’t even get that the state school comment was directed at you and how ignorant you are. 
 				No you aren't lad. Happy people don't feel the need to spend all day on social media slagging other people off for what they can't help being. Sad acts can make desperate arguments too. And I went to grammar school. The best schools in Britain ;) 
 					People who went to the best schools make intelligent arguments relevant to the topic being discussed.    The fact that you didn’t make one and went directly to talking about how I feel is evidence that you’re afraid to even try.   which makes sense since you spend the majority of your time being humiliated by your betters here. 
 						I've slapped you and your inane aruments around many times. The time for bothering to debate you is over. It's time for making you look the thick twat you are now. Do stop with your hurty feelings. Bloody snowflake socialists! 
 							I can’t imagine being your age and talking like you do. What a tremendous failure. 
 								What strikes me is that you do not understand that you are a member of the greatest mass murdering death cult in human existence. After all Socialism has murdered over 600 million in just over 100 years that's faster than Islam!   
 								What strikes me is that you do not understand that you are a member of the greatest mass murdering death cult in human existence. After all Socialism has murdered over 600 million in just over 100 years that's faster than Islam!   
 The real agenda,,British gloablast common purpose civil servants,,, working against the British People 
 	What a cunt 
 I wonder who runs the Atlanta Antifa account. Maybe the moron who is wearing the t-shirt? 
 	Jeremy sitting on his couch wearing his Atlanta Antifa t-shirt 
 		grab his lip ring, rip it out,  and watch him drop and cry like a little bitch 
 			Jeremy's mugshot   More to come on Jeremy. Notice the arrest for possession of heroin in Atlanta on July 20, 2016. He is still a junkie    
 				Antifa amuses me to no end. I was trained in actual revolutionary violence and would love to show them what a revolution looks like.  
 					Punks. Drug addicts. Mentally ill people. Homeless people. Petty criminals. Transsexuals suffering from gender dysphoria. That's their base. Sometimes these people come to Antifa from multiple pathways.   Jeremy has a mental illness. He has been homeless. He was a heroin addict. Eddie is a mentally ill transsexual like Scout Schultz 
 						The former head of the Lawrence Redneck Revolt had to resign because his "gender dysphoria" was rendering him nonfunctional. 
 						The former head of the Lawrence Redneck Revolt had to resign because his "gender dysphoria" was rendering him nonfunctional. 
  If you like stability and civilization you should support monogamy. Is it not obvious that one of the reasons we had social stability is due to monogamy? Polygamy destabilizes the nation. Look at the Arab countries and terrorism. With chimps, the betas gang up on/kill the alpha.  The Nap goes out the window if people aren't invested in the society. 
 	the most "stable" American society - Mormonism - was founded upon polygyny   no, it can't be maintained indefinitely, but it is a means to overcome present adversities 
 		Well I don't think Mormonism is a "American society", it's like a religion or cult within a society.  Mormonism works well in a host nation for a few reasons.  1. Most mormons aren't polygamous. 2. It's not all consuming like Islam (i.e. there are secular and women of other religions to feed on) 
 			while I empathize with your opinion, Mormonism is a religion, a culture, and a society   it is without doubt derived from American civilization even if we describe it as a descendant of American civilization and not a part of America   despite mainstream Mormonism's rejection of polygyny, the fundamentalist branches use polygyny to grow   that's a lesson for us 
 				2/  Usually people that promote polygamy like Chris Cantwell think they are going to be one of the guys with like 4 girlfriends.  This is obviously not the case (just look at him), serious self-delusion.  They are going to be alone jerking off while people like the Golden One has harems of like 20 chicks. 
 					Ive been that guy with >1 gf/date [note: money isnt a limit]   I understand that makes other men angry   it's not hard to spin plates in this modern (post-1960's) era   but. polygyny (>1 woman marriage) requires women officially share a husband - most wont do that even if facing crushing loneliness   & many women wont share male attention b4 marriage 
 						2/  It should be somewhat obvious this is parallel to Arab societies and the causes for the terrorism is similar.  Like. who the fuck wants to live in a society like that? It's really nigger tier shit. 
 What this all amounts to, the ire and anger over  by christians, is that they are all so ass blasted that a woman is standing for something and leading by example. 
 		get the fuck over it ,really  
 		get the fuck over it ,really  
 remember, the only reason Oj is free is jury "payback" for beating a crazy nigger high on pcp 
 : The Daily Caller has confirmed Nikki Haley has resigned from her post as Us Ambassador to the Un.    
 	Bye globalist cunt 
 If that's not an in your face, threatening bully pose, I don't know what is. Feinstein has no feminine graces whatsoever.   No real woman would hold that type of stance; her expression says it all. 
 	dyke 
  
 	If this little spic hasn't been caged and thrown over the Rio Grande, Trump is not doing his job 
 Never forget just how much these people hate you and want to see you suffer. 
 		Maybe you are more sunshine than me, I'm just waiting for someone to post her, "Hey Fellow White People, here's what we need to do."  tweet. 
 		Maybe you are more sunshine than me, I'm just waiting for someone to post her, "Hey Fellow White People, here's what we need to do."  tweet. 
 		Mike you sound like you are scared. You better let the Men handle this. 
 			I understand physics. I also notice that most bad guys are short dudes. 
 				Then you can’t shoot. 
 					Your comment is nonsensical. 
 						Lol Nice attempt to deflect.  
 							Your comment is still nonsensical. My ability to shoot has nothing to do with the problems posed by shooting at someone who is either much taller or much shorter than the assumed height. 
 								If you could shoot the size of the target makes no difference. You are clueless about marksmanship obviously. 
 												See that sounds stupid also. Who taught you how to shoot Donald Duck? 
 	They still don't get that poor people don't care if Trump was born with silver spoons in every orifice and shits gold coins. It just doesn't matter to people who are starving if the person that feeds them didn't grow the food themselves or fucking stole it. He's feeding them. 
 		I'm talking about, what would our dollar be worth if we went back to 150 mil Americans America. Our dollar would be worth >90% more. What happens when it's 100%? 
 		I'm talking about, what would our dollar be worth if we went back to 150 mil Americans America. Our dollar would be worth >90% more. What happens when it's 100%? 
       The New & Improved Faggot Jack    Sjw  SjwNPC 
 	I read basically everything you said   And its as simple as this, If you don't want to see it "Mute it"   If you start banning Anything, then leftists twist it into a way to ban everything conservatives say   Mute button works great. If they ever want me to ready any opinion in the future, then they better keep there account reasonable or they are getting muted forever 
 			It seems like its never ending at first, but after you mute enough, you just never see that shit again. 
 			Ok, but consider this, too: everyone keeps saying Gab will become popular and mainstream.  If You mute white supremacists and meanwhile all around you they're talking about how the Holocaust is fake and saying we need to kill the Jews, do you think Gab will grow as a platform? 
 			Yeah a new one pops up every now and again. And your right it is very likely someone you already muted on another account. But once you've got a good 200 people muted. it really isn't much of an issue to me anymore. 
 			That's again falling back to the false view of "if I even restrict one person for any reason, then I'm like the Nazis when they were executing ppl."  If you buy into that type of moral equivalence -- which is how liberals argue to prevent their ideas from being challenged -- then I can't help you. 
 I am starting a church and we are called the Elect, even though we may not live in the same area this is exactly what the Apostle Paul did by communicating in writing to the churches he established what they needed to know.  Please let me know what you think    
 	No mother fucker. The 'Chosen People' isn't selective Dna based on Creed But But but.   It'S about, right here, right now . for everyone, from everywhere, living in these End Times & more importantly based on our individual Choice/Direction/Belief - Got it motherfucker?   God is real therefore he is looking for his Real people. Not some preachy cunt like you -  
  
 	It reminds me of the "Redneck Revolt" contingent of Antifa. They should probably change their name to Redneck Surrender. 
 	It reminds me of the "Redneck Revolt" contingent of Antifa. They should probably change their name to Redneck Surrender. 
 This is why we need a big beautiful wall, and not a stupid fucking fence. 
 	this is why we need the average American down at the border with their guns honing their moving target skills. 
 		Thousands of people are flooding through Mexico to invade the Usa. Did you tell Trump? Did you see the videos today? They're also mailing ballots to Mexicans in Spanish, all over America to get more Democratic votes for the Midterms 2018.   
 			Federal judges all over the country are ordering elections boards to provide ballots in spanish.  It happened here in Ga for the primaries.  I was fucking shocked.  My state rep from my district is a mexican immigration lawyer, first spic in Ga. legislature.  How the fuck does she represent Me, a white guy. 
 			Federal judges all over the country are ordering elections boards to provide ballots in spanish.  It happened here in Ga for the primaries.  I was fucking shocked.  My state rep from my district is a mexican immigration lawyer, first spic in Ga. legislature.  How the fuck does she represent Me, a white guy. 
 Danny Trejo is the most annoying spic ever. Until Elizabeth Warrens Dna teas came back showing she's a spic. Spicahontas. 
 I still like their old stuff. Before Bozo became the cunt he is now. 
 Transsexuals infiltrate Judaism    
 	This cunt needs shooting   
 Anyone know what Bahamian hollering is? 
 	I would do all that for half the price. Except it would be hillbilly holleren  
 		 
 		Capitalism . I love it! 
 		Capitalism . I love it! 
  man threatened with  at Speakers Corner by . Police remove him from park, then  ban Him for posting about the incident.       
 	he's a faggot and a secret bacon eater. 
 Sadly, Jason Van Dyke has been found guilty of 2nd Degree Murder. This monster had the audacity to defend himself against an armed, black teen advancing on him and fellow officers. To expect justice in a nation obsessed with diversity is unrealistic. Check out my site to learn more.    
 	"U Lie!" Well, ur Constitution does consider Blks "3/5ths human." Pray that the Blk bourgeoise eventually gets the Haganh nerve to ReSegregate/Repatriate.   
 These online wanna-be "Nazi's" have more in common with Antifa than the true right. both are leftist groups! 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 In light of Gab's upcoming downtime, you can find me at my own website. Feel free to stop by and drop some comments.    
 	Just be aware that this snowflake faggot censors and bans people like his name was Zuckerberg. 
 Clinton in Englandistan spreading more lies and subterfuge. The tribunals need to get underway pronto. 
 	Queen Cunt is only Embarrassing Herself.The Entire World Knows how Great America is doing and How Much Greater It'S Going To Become.Hillary, Obama and the likes Have To Go Overseas in order to get a Crowd Gathered Big Enough to make it worth their while.Or perhaps it's just a Simple Ploy to sell her asinine Book. 
 Wow! Chris Wallace called out Shep Smith fn big time! 
 		Shep was strutting a We Got Trump hard on, and Wallace slapped his peepee! 
 		Shep tried to pin it on Trump, and Wallace shut him down! 
 		Trap set,  game, set, match. Shep Smith is neck deep in all the shit.   
 		Trap set,  game, set, match. Shep Smith is neck deep in all the shit.   
  
 	Nigger privilege 
 Yeah there are seemingly a lot of racist nazis on Gab but there's really not that many. They are so fun to troll just tell them there is no such thing as race, you can get them fired up for hours. Every nazi on Gab will way in mostly calling me Jew. 
 		I am, the human race. 
 		I am, the human race. 
 Ive already been in one of those situations. A nigger bitch chimped out at the grocery store accusing a White cashier of overcharging her. A nigger cashier showed her there was no error but that didn't stop her. She picked up her tote bag full of canned goods and ran around the store screaming racial insults and hitting every Yt she could find with it. I got hit in the back. Nobody called the cops, or filmed her much less stop her, and she eventually left. She would never have tried it if she didn't know she'd get away with it. 
 Should we encourage more black men to murder their current or ex white girlfriends ? 
 	while fats radio and crew crow about the smiling nigger running for the senate in michigan; he is wonderful and glorious and it only cost the disruption or destruction of one million white denizens of detroit, each and everyone of who could replace the nigger and exceed or equal his achievements without aid 
 Illegal Aliens Caravan Grows to Thousands, as it Moves Towards the Us Border!   * Patriot's called "Racist" if standing up for Boader Wall!    
 	A Racist Democrat calling anyone Racist is an oxymoron!  All Democrats are Retarded Npc's!  That is a Fact! 
 ought to string you up by your entrails cunt 
 obama is a useless nigger 
 The "jew haters" have been banned from most other platforms, so they came here.   They are basically folks that struggle to understand what's happening in society, so to simplify things for their minds they resort to "apophenia", "affect heuristic", and "confirmation bias" to process their world view.  In a nutshell, resort to the favorite tactic of the left and blame a race for the world's problems. 
 	Sad, but so true.  Jew haters are a sad lot, there is much they need to learn.  No group is better or worse; its all about the values that individuals have & live by. Charles Manson was white, but I doubt that many hold him up as a model of the value of "white supremacism"   It works both ways. 
 		"No group is better or worse"  One of the most retarded statements Ever made.  So a Group of Pedophiles is not worse than a Group of Nurses?  muslims, for example, are followers of a sick set of rules by definition They Are Worse.   Be Smarter 
 Omgosh For All Morons This Is A Repost From A Liberal! Geez!   Kavanaugh was nominated by a candidate who lost the popular vote by 3 million+ votes. The 49 Senators who voted 'No' on Kavanaugh represent 181.8 million Americans. The 51 Senators who voted 'Yes' represent 143.2 million. Our political system is broken. 
 	I get it - you framed the Gab ambiguously not least because you don't know how to use quote marks.   
 		You are simply Retarded and a Jerk! 
 		You are simply Retarded and a Jerk! 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 Patton Oswalt: Global Warming a ‘Meteor,’ Will Strike ‘in Our Lifetimes’    
 	Tell him I heard that "Meteors" only strike small deranged liberal retarded men who think they are actors and play liberal hacks. 
 Jordan Peterson’s Tweets About Brett Kavanaugh    
 	O for Christ's sakes, I'm supposed to throw Dr. Peterson under the conservative-intellectual-bus because he wrote a foolish tweet once?  Thanks, but no thanks, Mr. Cullen.  I'll look at his entire body of work, & judge him accordingly . just as I'll judge your entire body of work, & likely find you innocent, even if I think you someday write or say something dumb. 
 		"look at his entire body of work, & judge him accordingly "   I do - and due to him throwing Faith Goldy under the bus, repeatedly attacking White identity, cucking Hard on freedom of association, bragging about "saving" young men from the "far-right" and saying that using retard pronouns should be dictated by societal consensus, my opinion is not favorable. 
 slut cunt 
 Look what we have here. Not a Trump supporter. 
 	That won't stop the  and retarded leftists from blaming our president anyway. 
 	Hollywood  
 	 Pro  Refused to see the first one because of the filth. The second one sounds Sh*Ttier than the first one. Thanks for the info. I feel vindicated for boycotting that crap. 
 		I'm one for a good laugh and the first one was really decent. Full of sexual innuendos, vulgarity notwithstanding, it Was a good movie. Now that it was such a popular success. the kikes just Had to degrade it even more. It even has a plot similar to "The Terminator" as Josh Brolins character comes back in time to kill a fat kid who killed his family in the future. Going to try to get my $5.99 back from amazon too. yeah, it was That bad. 
 		 Let me know if you manage to get a refund from Jeff Bozo. I'll be amazed if you do. 
 		 - Yes. Similarly, I was amazed when Andrew Torba refunded me the admission cost to gab. Interestingly, it was my vociferous complaints about david that convinced him to be so generous. He acknowledged I should never have to be exposed to filth like his. So you should try to get a refund too. 
 		  What.what are you talking about? 
 		 - Since Mr Guini said he was going to try to get a refund from amazon, and then you replied with pessimism, I posted my story about having gotten a refund from gab by its owner A.Torba. 
 		 - Since Mr Guini said he was going to try to get a refund from amazon, and then you replied with pessimism, I posted my story about having gotten a refund from gab by its owner A.Torba. 
 This video needs to reach the masses.   Voters need to look at this and see if the people in this video represent them and their values.           
 	Fuck that nigger. I'd rather see a gaping cunt than this soy bitch. 
 Pro-Abortion Professor Who Said White Republican Men Should Be Castrated Placed on Research Leave  
 	Typical. Just a free vacation for this worthless soulless cunt until things blow over. 
 fucking hollywitz kikes! The new dyke batwoman emerges from the slime:    
 What'S The Deal, Is Qanon A Hoax Or What? 
 	Is Truth And The Evidence To Prove It  Real Enough Or Would You Like In On The Ground FLOOr Of And AMAZInG MOnEY MAKInG RealESTATE Venture In The FLOrIDA PANHAndLE ?  Would You? 
 		Dude You Are Obviously A Stupid Fucking Nigger That Is Also Too Fucking Lazy Or Lack The Ability To Go To "Qanon.Pub" Scum 
 NPCs get wrecked 
 	Next, he should have pounded the bastard into the ground. What’s with the cucky mercy shown to Antifa scum? Last night I saw one getting pounded, but then I heard cucky cries of let him go. Yet these evil scumbags need severe, prolonged, repeated, and public beatings.  
 		If he stomped his ass into a mud hole the "msm" would have flashed that as lead story of Trump supporting racist attacks poor weak faggot. They would 100% not show the faggot tried to throw the first punch. I like how the little homo waited for the guy to turn away and then attempt to punch him. His time is coming have no doubt.  
 When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
 The toll is higher for some than for others. 
 		Joe N, call a spade a spade, but I do not buy that everyone is the same. 
 		Joe N, call a spade a spade, but I do not buy that everyone is the same. 
 	twitter will suspend you if you even talk to a black superior in their words. lol  
 	twitter will suspend you if you even talk to a black superior in their words. lol  
 You know what kills more than guns each year? Obesity. Yet instead of doing something about it, the left wants to tell overweight people there's nothing wrong with it. If you're serious about saving lives, you'll encourage them to lose weight. 
 	You can not tell me this is healthy & Ok. 
 			Think Harambe would have shot himself on seeing that.  
 			They let their ancestors down.prob smells like boiled grease 
 			They let their ancestors down.prob smells like boiled grease 
 A protester yells "shame" as  casts his final confirmation vote on Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.  
 	"a retard man hating cunt yells shame".  Fixed it 
 Because Gab lets All of us Cosmic Assholes in, including Me & Thomas Hellbound Faggot Wictor! That's Why! 
 East German Nazi Angela Merkel just released a 9-11 conspirator & flew him back home to Morocco to plan more attacks in America. He should have faced Military Tribunal & Executed, but Our Head Muslim, Democrat Party & the U.N. said No. 
 	 
 		If ya thought Op's post was the most retarded thing ever posted on Gab, a Challenger approaches 
 Tucker Carlson Vs Cenk Uygur from the Young Turks Debate of the Century at Politicon   Golden State Times    
 	Junk Wigger is a TurkEY. 
 	Junk Wigger is a TurkEY. 
 Hahaha shit why change who you are if you are one bad motherfucker, like my cousin before he pushed out his lip kids he was rolling all hard and shit wit da demuborger and shit and entombed and now he all like a bitch wit his panties in his cunt  
 Passengers aboard a Turkish Airlines flight at Heathrow Airport aided a convicted Somali gang rapist in avoiding imminent deportation.   Via:     
 	fucking faggot cucks 
 This is quite a stunning performance from Amsterdam, featuring Janine Jansen on the violin backed by a fine orchestra. Vivaldi's Four Seasons. Not only was the performance impeccable, but the obvious emotion and love that went into the work was on full display. I hope you enjoy this.   Note: Starting at about the 0:40 mark, it's during the Spring season part, and you can actually hear her violin imitating the birds singing, so enjoy!    
 		I think many would be stunned if they did just exactly as you said - just sit down, have no distractions, and Really listen to some of these pieces. The different melodies and parts all interacting and complimenting each other sometimes defies belief. I'm really glad you enjoyed it as much as I did! 
 		I think many would be stunned if they did just exactly as you said - just sit down, have no distractions, and Really listen to some of these pieces. The different melodies and parts all interacting and complimenting each other sometimes defies belief. I'm really glad you enjoyed it as much as I did! 
 The Democrats have either won every special election (so far), or severely cut Trump's margin of victory in '16. This doesn't bode well for the midterms.    Imagine the Republicans defied all odds and won a super-majority in both chambers of Congress. What would change for us? Virtually nothing. They'll privatize social security and send our troops to Iran. 
 	The only thing the Gop can hope for is 3-4 senate seats gained and keeping the house. It may happen because the Dems made a big mistake with how they handled the K situation. They angered Gop suburb cucks and got nothing out of it because he will be confirmed anyway.  
 		Yeah I thought so too. But turnout is even lower in weird elections that happen in the middle of August or whatever. Trump is getting his ass kicked.   I can't wait until his orange ass becomes a lame duck and he cries himself to sleep on twitter every night. He has the worst traits of a jew and a nigger combined. 
 Border crossings plummeted to historic lows immediately after Trump took office, then steadily rebounded as the illiterate and malnourished wretches learned something that your average altrighter isn't quite smart enough to grasp: Trump is full of shit and the border remains wide open. 
 	Another lib twatter troll  
 		Faggot genxer alert 
 Dems are straight up commies! 
 	Some faggot downvoted this.  Unreal. 
    I just received this from one of my channels.  Translated: It's my brother who was attacked by 3 Blacks this morning  I'm taking this sword now, I've had enough of their shit  They kill as they want and nobody does anything  I will be those first ears then 
 	I'll see your racism and raise you a culture. If given the time and money, I can cause your own children to turn on you. Skin color is irrelevant. Culture is paramount. 
 		You can turn a man's children against him through godless propaganda, but you can never turn a nigger white. Race matters. 
  .I am brand new, today is my first day so I'm still learning and discovering. If anyone has any tips, tricks, or advice please let me know. 
 	I'm quite new, but it's the  same as Twitter, only you can say Nigger 
 Feminism Btfo.     
 	70% of divorces r initiated by females.   Why bc they get Pg then get Gov Aid, free rent, school, food.   Why stay F'n married when they can play withthere cunt friends. 
 		He can be only a tool. he is not brightest bulb in the box. If he was, would he marry nigger hooker? 
 		He can be only a tool. he is not brightest bulb in the box. If he was, would he marry nigger hooker? 
 Muzzie scum.    
  
 	Yes, eat this garbage every morning elevate your blood sugar levels, feed the  cancer cells gain your weight, and prepare yourself ready for that hospital bed. 
 					I forgive you 
 						That's not what God said to your mother, faggot  
 	The real question that needs to be asked, is are you pissed. You can say what you want about Nazis, but considering circumstances, then and now, you can see how it comes about ! Then you can ask were our Founding Fathers Nazis ! 
 		No, I Am not pissed.   The question is are you a Nazi. Wake Up!   .and No, the Usa founding fathers were not Nazi.   Also the Usa fought against the lousy Nazis and beat/defeated them.   Wake The Fuck Up! 
 			Oh shit Neo you took the God damned blue pill? 
 				good point zilla!         This is the Alternate version of the Matrix, where Neo took the Blue pill, went back to sleep, and just called all the people who took the red pill "Nazi" 
 					Freak, I Am not calling anyone a Nazi.   I asked if you are a Nazi in a poll and you have the Free Will to choose your own vote (if you are a Nazi or not)!   Wake The Fuck Up!   Are you stupid?             
 						You are using Nazi as a derogatory term.  you took the Blue Pill Neo. It is Ok, I am sure in the Alternate timeline of the Matrix, a different person was assigned the Player character position of "The One" and saved Zion in your place.  You can go back to sleep now Mr Bluepill    -1(Neo) 
 								"The Nazi's lost world war 2 - Point for me"   Congratulations you get an Npc meme. 
 													Exactly 
 When you say that anyone who hates a mudshark is a drug user, living in their basement, it implies that you are okay with race mixers. dumbass. Now use your mute button like the faggot that you are. Now I can kick the shit out of all your posts and you can’t do anything back. 
 Anyone else notice a bunch of new retard liberals on Gab ? negative scores and nothing to say but the same old mockingbird narrative crap, mental hostpitals are going to be needed after disclosure.  
 Churchill was a cunt . 400,000 in debt paid up by rothschilds. they owned his ass 
 Tomahawk-Wielding Elizabeth Warren Vows To Take Land Back From The Pale Faces    
 		Yea, along side of creepy porn lawyer. 2020 should be fun! 
 		I sure hope she does. What a present that would be to the Republicans. 
 		I sure hope she does. What a present that would be to the Republicans. 
 French hero, who sacrificed himself to save a hostage from an Islamist, won't have a place named after him as 'it may offend Muslims'  
 	Screw the Cult Muzzies  When will Europe stand up for their countries  One day soon the Muzzie Scum will take over and you will still be saying, Oh  We don’t want to offend European Pc Spineless Dumbasses  Fight back 
 The Republicans arre trying hard to convince blacks and legal mexicans to vote for them and then stupid posts appear that do their best to turn them away.   And you think you are doing good?  This is called Sabotage! 
 	Alex is obviously a Neo-con Zionist. Either willingly or through his own ignorance. I mean, anyone that would choose Twitty-Bird for their avitar tells me he's just another faggot neo-con! 
 Democrat New Jersey Senator Cory Booker Accused Of Sexually Assaulting A Man          #1A #2A                        vs      
 		I would ask that you not call him 'Spartacus', the name of a White Scythian hero, not some lowly Nigger faggot. 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 		  Your addiction to nigger cock knows no limits, does it? 
  
 	Looks like a typical butch dyke mongoloid.  
 I know they are different but they are similar enough to be considered.  Gabapentin is like the precursor to lyrica i believe.  I think i was made temporarily retarded by it.  I started trying to heal my brain since stopping.  Been much better since.    
 I know they are different but they are similar enough to be considered.  Gabapentin is like the precursor to lyrica i believe.  I think i was made temporarily retarded by it.  I started trying to heal my brain since stopping.  Been much better since.    
 	 J. S.   You claimed to be Byzantine Catholic and you parsed gays and liberals from the rest, yet you whitewashed Jews as "almost 100%" liberal when the reality is closer to 60% and mostly disaffected or non-practicing. I posted citations on these stats on Gab less than a month ago. I am neither Jewish nor Catholic.  
 		Did you tell your "fellow Catholics" that you are an Aspie (High Functioning Autism) before you tried selling them on your Aspie fake Nazi Jew Hatred?   Your brain disorder makes you incapable of truly being a Catholic or understanding politics of any kind.  You Know you are severely socially retarded yet you hoped to find some sap who doesn't realize that? 
 Nigger  
 It's like dealing with children, but with adult consequences.  These are emotionally retarded adults which makes them extremely dangerous.   
 	 
 	 
 			I know. I hate them with such a passion. 
 			I know. I hate them with such a passion. 
 This is a student march against brazil's right wing presidential candidate. Meme magic is real. beep boop     
 	A performance only art fags would appreciate. They look like retarded zombies to me. 
 Thanks for fixing the fairy gay faggot tranny porn problem @a.  None after over 24 hours. :) 
 British politician is about to be sent to prison for criticizing Islam in public - her last video before being jailed  
 	The Democratic Party in the Usa want's to take away your Freedom of Speech, Freedom of Religion, and Right to Bear Arms. We are just an Election Away from becoming a Totalitarian State Like the Uk is. The Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy has not existed since 9/11. Muslim terrorists attack us- then We have to give up our 4th Amendment Right to Privacy. 
 		My draft Number was 11 in 1971, I just went down & Enlisted. I was a High School Drop Out from a Redneck poor White Family. I was gonna go for sure so I just went and faced the inevitable. 
 		My draft Number was 11 in 1971, I just went down & Enlisted. I was a High School Drop Out from a Redneck poor White Family. I was gonna go for sure so I just went and faced the inevitable. 
 did you say you were a pasta nigger ,stop that i know christINsanity can make you have  all kinds of guilt and shit but please ,stop jewsus was a sand nigger just be happy about that ok 
 They’re trying everything they can to attack what it means to be a man. 
 	"A Professor of Social Work and the current Jack Layton Chair of Social Justice at Ryerson University in Toronto" A Canadian professor of Social Justice; knock me over with a feather.  This is the lazy-eyed faggot teaching us about masculinity. You can't make this shit up. 
 What A Hypocritical Idiot!   Eric Holder Questions Legitimacy of Supreme Court;   Issues Menacing Call to ‘Use Rage to Vote to Be Rid of Republicans’    
 	NIgger please! Just shut the fuck up! 
 Let’s up the ante,   If you bring  with you us token negroes will raise $100,000 to have you debate your ideas.   Spoiler alert: you won’t bc you guys are puppets that have been lying to the black community, and your facade is finally eroding.     
 	Dumbshit motherfucker wtf Bakari is this ignoroid trying to invoke the name of the great Muslim scholar Sahih al-Bukhari? My guess is yes and it just proves how stoopid professional Negroes are, the type who name girl children Kadijah not realizing that cunt was instrumental in creating the Qur'an that oppresses women on theological grounds. 
 	Dumbshit motherfucker wtf Bakari is this ignoroid trying to invoke the name of the great Muslim scholar Sahih al-Bukhari? My guess is yes and it just proves how stoopid professional Negroes are, the type who name girl children Kadijah not realizing that cunt was instrumental in creating the Qur'an that oppresses women on theological grounds. 
 Eh? You are getting very confused again Tuck Tuck. The gay guy is the son of Jane, the white girl I was seeing for 8 years. She has only been a friend since 2010. The black girl I'm seeing is 23 and has no kids. The other black girl 3 years ago is now 22 and she has no kids either. Neither of them claim any welfare either, unlike you matey :) 
 	Why can you only define your fake girlfriends by colour? 
 			Wait, are you alluding to the possibility of discussing her breast size?  That's not a topic for gentlemen, but who am I to stifle your free speech? 
 				Lol Honestly. This True_Brit twat is even thicker than the NatSocs here. 
 					They're pretty dense.  
 					They're pretty dense.  
 Yeah, calling people stupid and faggot etc. is the best way to respond to a point.  it's not ad hominem at all.  classic 
 Yeah, calling people stupid and faggot etc. is the best way to respond to a point.  it's not ad hominem at all.  classic 
 		Suck my fat dick, you kike monster Jew scum slut fuck dyke cocsucking piece of shit!  
 	Trojan horse that shit. The mask has slipped, Ben. 
 		It amazes me that anyone follows that little bitch Ben. He is an Israel first anti-American neocon, smartass shill.  
 		It amazes me that anyone follows that little bitch Ben. He is an Israel first anti-American neocon, smartass shill.  
 What's the point of nihilism? 
 	 
 		I'm making the mistake of actually reading Evola. 
 			i have read ride the tiger and yoga of power and didnt get a word of it, i found him pretty anal and boring. but then i read recognitions and that was really enjoyable. *some parts of ride the tiger are interesting though,, his thoughts on music etc,, very adornoish. 
 				You were not the target audience. It's only for aristocrats of the soul :^) 
 					evola was a literal faggot who would post on reddit, was he alive today. 
 Ya know what else is Illegal in many countries? Hate speech lmao fix video features and stop talking you chubby bitch. 
 	 It looks like we have the winner of the Hate speech and moral degeracy prize!  Ever notice how the people accuse others of Hate speech are the ones who are spewing the Hate? Take your despicable moral sewage somewhere else you hypocritical piece of excrement!  Andrew is Right!  Thx Mr. Torba!   
 		Low Iq boomer scum I peel off of my boot, no one is accusing anyone of hate speech. Please pass away already. 
 			How cute!  Same thing again!  The Retards accusing me of what they are guilty!  It is a Fact that you accused Torba of Hate speech!  But your mind cannot comprehend FactS can it?  Please kill yourself as you suggested! 
 				No idiot he used that as one of his justifications for bans and so I gave him an example of another thing he could ban under that same premise. Just stfu. Stop breathing my oxygen you non person. 
 						Oh I am so afraid!  When you can't intellectually debate then character assassinate!  What the fuck does a safe space have to do with stopping moral degeneracy? There are plenty filthy Jew porn sites if you want that shit!  This Is Not A Porn Site you fucking moron!  Take your Retarded comment and shove your head of your Ass where it belongs!  I guarantee your still won't smell you shit though! 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	piss on shonterjigho williams another overpaid underqualified retarded hoodrat Cunt! 
 Google Translate censors obscene insult of Muhammad, allows it for Jesus     
 		Lol, and even that is too mild to describe this character. According to latest science Mo didn't even exist, lucky for him. He would be the number-1 roasted pig in hell. 
 		Muslims refuse eating pigs probably because they would consider it cannibalism. They fail to realise that pigs are far above Muslims. Pigs are benevolent creatures, while the Islamic plague is the vilest form of inhumanity and prehistoric barbarism this planet ever witnessed - let alone to be allowed in post-modern West. 
 	 
 		I used to get really fucked when called a faggot, I related it to ''I'd punch a faggot'' ''We went out to beat faggots when I was younger'' (my dad.), only thing that works is exposure therapy, so I'm grateful for all the people that called me a faggot until I didn't care. Tl;Dr: Don't be a faggot. 
 Rt :    The West would’ve literally been a non-fiction version of Man in the High Castle without Churchill you freaking spineless nitwit.  
 	After reading the post I have a public service announcement.   Dear God everyone. Come down off your crosses. Stop apologizing for everything. Just stop. It isn't noble -- it's as retarded as the people throwing dirt about the past! There isn't a single great man in history that Never did anything wrong. Unless you try to throw Jesus or other religious figures surround by mythos into the mix -- And Even Then -- you still have droves of folks that will "find the straw in their eye (while having a wooden beam in their own)." They would probably lose their minds that I said straw. Who cares what butthurt idiots think about you? Seriously, just stop worrying about it and reject their sideways programming. We are lowering ourselves to position lower than butthurt idiots -- this isn't humility, it is aggressively forced mental retardation. Neither Jesus nor any of the saints would approve, nor would any of the great men of history.   "You have enemies, good, that means you at least stood for something in your life." ~Churchill   
 You're just a nigger with an 85 iq 
 I see it every day. 
 	Wigger style  
 I used to like that "SavedyouAClickVidya" guy on twitter, but when he revealed himself to be a pussy "Games are art" faggot and he went all apeshit over my article, I lost all respect for the little needle dick cocksucker. 
 James O'Keefe: McCaskill's Response is Outrageous   She is a liar.    
 	Uh. like you guys, James O’Keef has zero idea what truth & honesty are. Fucking retarded cunts 
        trans like tammy 
 	idiot cunt 
 	this is what happens when you suck sand nigger cock 
 	One less cunt in congress 
 Trump’s Weak Khashoggi Response Tells Dictators They Can Get Away With Murder    
 	Everyone knows turkey did it. Trump needs to pay attention to America. This sand nigger reporter for the washington compost is Not a priority. Go fuck yourself 
 Only a faggot would be obsessed with another man.  You're out of the closet gay boy. 
 Did I mean asteroid, idk. I'm hot and confused. And I want to slap the stupid out of people, but I know it can't be done. 
 	Nah, there's meteors big enough to do some damage. I don't even know the difference between a meteor and an asteroid. I'm gonna look it up. 
 		If we slap the stupid out of retarded conservatives that think censorship is conspiracy theory, we could really make some progress.     Conservatives that think censorship in conspiracy theory have been the source of all our problems. 
 		Yeah. I've asked that Puffing Billy who he is. It isn't me and Orange is having kittens about it lol 
 			Lol  
 			Lol  
 Obama was both unqualified for the job and a hater of the Usa. Yet America elected him for not being white. Media-driven pc racism nearly destroyed law and order in Usa. 
 		I stand corrected 
 		I stand corrected 
 		Earning yourself the "egg on my face" award. Ashkenazi Jews are not true Jews! 
 			So why are they protected then?   Like you want to change terms now?   We're into this by 2000 odd years At Least and you wanna change terms.   *eyeroll* 
 				They are not a race they are an ethnicity and/or religion. Both can fall under protection.   I think that's egg in your eye.hey.egg roll. 
 					You state something with no proof.   I just showed you a study by a genetics expert and it's not even the only one of them.   You're ridiculous.   "English Lit" doesn't dictate genetics differentials sorry.   Head back to college. 
 						Sorry, but when they put it in apostrophes like that it does affect the meaning.   Until you learn something about Anthropology don't waste my time with trying to argue a commonly misused term.   By the way having a distinct Dna does not make a Race! It only makes a ethnic grouping. 
 							"By the way having a distinct Dna does not make a Race!"   Absolutely 100% it does. Feel free to explain Forensics at any time. A victim's Race can be identified merely by testing his/her bones via Dna. None too bright, are you? 
 								Sorry,  but it does not. Dna can tell you a lot of things but it is not what determines what is a race and what is not. 
 												Were there no Jedi before midi-chlorian tests? You're the Jedi master here Obiwan. 
 Horse-drawn float in the Easter Show parade, Taylor Square, Darlinghurst, 1934            
 	Now, faggot central. 
 Liberty Patriots Of Gab    It Now Seems An En Masse Effort Has BEEn INItIATED Against The EnTIRE Youtube Network Globally.   Just A Reminder.Real Media, BItCHUTE & Minds Videos Are Still Functioning. Please ADJust Accordingly.   If AnY New Information Becomes Available On The Youtube Shutdown, Please Post & SHAre For Our EnTIRE Gab Net   THAnK You,   The Counter Globalist Patriot 
 	Probably some twat sitting in mummy and daddys basement 
 Rt :    .@KevinDaleyDC: In His First Day On The Job, Kavanaugh Hired As Many Black Law Clerks As Rbg Has In Her Entire Tenure  
 		Fuck you and the nigger apes. 
 The thing about Lindsay Graham is that a pissed off faggot will be super bitchy and not give a fuck.He's a weaponized valley girl. 
 Warren: "Harvard never identified me as a minority."   Harvard: "Check out the new colored girl we hired!" 
 	Shes full of shit.its be known and widely reported.fuckin twat 
 What this faggot  doesn't grasp, is that i'm not to be found hanging around unarmed.  He can come for me any time he likes.  I'm waiting motherfuckers. 
 The Fbi arrested Michael Miselis, Ben Daly, and other members of the Rise Above movement for "conspiracy to riot", but no Antifa.     The only conspiracy here is a government one.     This is fully thanks to the Wall Street funded Pro Publica portrayal of the group.    This is a serious escalation in political repression.     The media and finance class runs the Usa 
 		A Daily Stormer nigger and a burgermutt married to a kikess. Why the fuck would I listen to them 
 Black Sabbath - Planet Caravan  via  
 		faggot 
 	This troll is kinda dumb. He thinks I don't notice his glaring lack of logic, as well as his lack of information. Of course, he has more than enough paid shill Trump propaganda to go around. 
 			Sidneys last known pic 
 			Did your momma have any kids that lived mfer? 
 			Did your momma have any kids that lived mfer? 
 nigger bomb incoming look out. 
 They are shutting down gab.   We need to flood the WhiteHouse with emails.      When you do.you can add this Imgur link in your message, to show them what has happened to us.                                                                                       n             
 	 
 		I was saddened to hear Bracken support the shut down of gab, because of the Nazi hate. Does he not understand that the majority of the Nazi trolls come directly from Media Matters? This is a classic Leftist tactic. Remember the violence at the Trump rallies, and they blamed it on Bernie? He said that since gab was privately owned, it should shut down all Nazi, Muslim, and Communist speech. Wtf? Why not then shut down all Christians? How easy would it be for the enemy to put on a Christian cross and go murder people, And We Get Blamed? What happened to innocent until proven guilty? I would have thought Bracken would see through all of that. 
 			He's a retard 
 I like Hungary all the more now!  
 	Shock news "corrupt murderous globalist cunt electric-chair dodger opposes defender of self determination" who knew? 
 	Shock news "corrupt murderous globalist cunt electric-chair dodger opposes defender of self determination" who knew? 
 Rt LionelMedia    She's as funny as a pilonidal cyst.     
 	who wants to spend money to see a dyke diss 
 All need a third pane, what happens when you import the scumolians from each place. Poland wouldn't change of course, they're not retarded ass clowns ;) 
 Sk Harv on Telegram:  It’s time for the Red wave! 
 	And Potus favorability poll is only at 50%? Half of the country is retarded enough to see that the Democrats are the Party of Crime? 
 @a  I know you're a busy man    tagged me with tranny porn   Yes, I Reported & Muted   It seems that every time I report & mute a tranny porn spammer another one pops up a day or two later tagging & spamming   If this is the same Moronic Faggot over & over again   How many times do they get to create an account B4 being Totally Banned from Gab (that is if Gab does ban)? 
 The only giant faggot here is you.  
 Invaders from third-world countries bring nothing of value to America. 
 	Crypto-Jew Conan trying to influence his "fellow whites". This faggot sold his last home low for $25M, but he'd have his fans live next to Haitians.  Fuck him.  
 The nigger zulu people are with the white african farmers.    
 Some of those pics are pre1933, also  straight guys used to pose in ways that seem gay nowadays. Personal space was smaller back then ( and still is in many parts of Europe).   If one reads there literature and speeches  it makes this claim this boomer brod absurd and ridiculous  not to mention how hypocritical it is when these  retarded boomers created the Lgbt and all the degenerate hedonism that plagues  Society today.  
 Torba is a girlboy.    Thanks for the block button, asshole.     
 		goes together like Pb & J 
 		goes together like Pb & J 
 I am all for the Trump supporters but Hannity is Imo becoming a tad too self involved .  Rehashes what has been reported and self promotes more than he promotes Trump.  Talks way too fast . Hurts to listen  
 	So don't listen. 
 		Liberals word ,triggered . So now I know I'm dealing with a retarded fuck  
 	Bitch ass little crybaby. 
 	if you wonder why i used the word nigger in this context, to invoke the emotional hatred the left has for free black people 
 		and its not just free black people, they hate anyone that is free, why you think they hate free speech so much? cause their "theories" dont support their "facts" so they have to silence people like me in hopes of winning the debate, but i have a voice that is louder than my keyboard 
 		and its not just free black people, they hate anyone that is free, why you think they hate free speech so much? cause their "theories" dont support their "facts" so they have to silence people like me in hopes of winning the debate, but i have a voice that is louder than my keyboard 
 Sinead O’’Conner converted to Sand-niggerism, I heard. Her pussy speaks louder than her neocortex. Another post-wall cunt doing anything to get a husband. Some Arab will surely chop her up.  
 The solution we need for the problem we face. 
 		Nah, more likely he orders the military to the border and they get reduced to shoveling manure and doing office tasks like in April. Not even allowed to make arrests or carry weapons.  
 		 
 		 
 Rt Golfinggary5222    The Democrats want to allow this unruly mob into our country.  We do not.  Will you join me in voting Red? Rt if yes!       pic.twitter.com/eLg16aXD4S   
 	Are the Red guys going to put the military on the border Now, and maker certain this wetback trash is refused entry into the Us? 
 Just in time for Halloween. 
 		Remember the scene in Hannibal when the bad guy's motorized wheelchair goes off the edge of a loft into the boars' pen and they eat him?  
 		Remember the scene in Hannibal when the bad guy's motorized wheelchair goes off the edge of a loft into the boars' pen and they eat him?  
 Past memories not only hurt you but retard your progress. Rhodochrosite gemstone can neutralize this and perhaps eliminate it.    
 Past memories not only hurt you but retard your progress. Rhodochrosite gemstone can neutralize this and perhaps eliminate it.    
 				Obviously anyone doing that would be immediately Shoah’d. I know who runs things, for now.  
 					What's your solution then? Read Siege? 
 					Read what? 
 			He's handsome.  
 			He's handsome.  
 Samuel L. Jackson rallies Democratic voters: "The world's on fire, let's put it out"      
 	Just another big mouthed nigger who hates whites. Fuck off with your nigger worship you sick faggots 
   The U.S. Air Force is assessing what damage more than a dozen F-22 Raptor fighters suffered when Tyndall Air Force Base sustained a direct hit from Hurricane Michael. Up to $2 billion in fighter jets were trapped on the ground. 
 	Again the Air Force proves the Grand Retard Contest it's having with the Navy is still on! Want to steal tech, wait for bad weather. And walk on in, take what you want.  Not to mention $Billions in wrecked planes, cause a weeks warning was not enough time to get the "active duty" air craft in flight worthy condition. 
 	Again the Air Force proves the Grand Retard Contest it's having with the Navy is still on! Want to steal tech, wait for bad weather. And walk on in, take what you want.  Not to mention $Billions in wrecked planes, cause a weeks warning was not enough time to get the "active duty" air craft in flight worthy condition. 
 Imagine being such a retarded troll that you call black people "muds" To A Black Person. Go fuck Hitler's skull you retarded Nazi. 
 So, as we thought, the Fbi investigation proved ***Nothing*** that lying cunt Ford said. Welcome to the facts leftists. Brett Kavanaugh Did Nothing!  Now let's get him into the supreme court. 
 So, as we thought, the Fbi investigation proved ***Nothing*** that lying cunt Ford said. Welcome to the facts leftists. Brett Kavanaugh Did Nothing!  Now let's get him into the supreme court. 
 We have not heard from Mueller lately so I tracked him down with his collusion sniffing ass checking around the oval office for any smell of a Russian. No luck!   Well, just thought I'd let you know he's ok & still spending every dime he can of your money. 
 	Hanging on like a dingleberry on a muzzie asshair 
 		Just like O'dinglebarry his brother.  
 		Just like O'dinglebarry his brother.  
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 		Speaking ones mind. like how evil the Altright and Christians are? lol. We will purge her 
 			Oh Now Try To Deny It Kike 
 				Deny what Robert? Your psychosis is really getting out of hand. I think someone is living down by the river in a white van. and his name is Robert.  Purge her of the Jezebel spirit of course.  
 					he threatened  her life you fucking cunt ,and I didn't tell no one anything but i sure would if she got hurt ,cause assholes don't like her  
 reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
 			Who will christians stand with? The converted jews, africans & refugees, or white pagans?   We all know who . 
 				Pagans present themselves as our enemies so why in the fuck would we stand with them. I know thinking hurts, but you really need to start doing that. 
 					What about the murdering and torture ,To pagan and christian's and it's  all written in the not so holy kike book as A to do list ,Fucking sickening ,Most of the not so holy koran is made up also of the kike book ,Gee I just wonder where the fucking Mock Mood sand nigger muslim's get their charm from ,humm yea ,And it's more like I am  anti Sand Nigger Demon  
 	That’s true because a democrat retard like you says so. 
  Dude antifa=nazis. If you suport white supremacy your a fucking retarded nazi. Wake the fuck up. 
 ok gab. Fuck You. Go fuck your Mama. I've reset my pass word like 4 times today. Why are you acting faggot queer liberals? What's going on. I thought this was freesom of speech and for the people. What gives Bitch! 
 If  you happen to be "between" Series or trying to decide "what next".  This    "You give in on one little thing; you compromise; you compromise;  you compromise, 'til you're a shell of a man, beaten down, and stand for nothing." - Rube 
 	Right you are. and that's one word i Truly Hate, Compromise.  
 		There's some really great quips, wisdom.great writing, great acting. 
 		There's some really great quips, wisdom.great writing, great acting. 
 Feminists promoting violence. Should've started with her Daddy? Only saying. 
 		Another High Iq white person 
 			That's retarded as Every race engages in satire, roasting, and ridicule! 
 So today we learned that you can call yourself a  based nigger but still have horrible time preference and lack critical thinking skills. Listen Tyrone, America is a white country. You and your opinions belong at the back of the fucking bus right next to those jewbags  Weev and Milo. 
 Reasons for Thomas priority #9:   There are parallels between James and Thomas not found anywhere else in the Christian Gospels. Thomas and James agree on everything (except the Christ sentences added to the beginning of a couple paragraphs, which academic scholars say was added.)   James seems to be commenting on issues using the sayings in Thomas, as we would expect from the brother of Jesus who led the Way for decades after the cross.    Often, Biblical scholars say James wasn't written by James, because it is far too cleverly written to be from the brother of a rube like Jesus. And because it disagrees with Paul.    Both are totally without merit. Jesus was no rube. He was the most sophisticated, advanced thinking human that ever walked the planet. And James/Jesus outranks Paul. 
 Reasons for Thomas priority #9:   There are parallels between James and Thomas not found anywhere else in the Christian Gospels. Thomas and James agree on everything (except the Christ sentences added to the beginning of a couple paragraphs, which academic scholars say was added.)   James seems to be commenting on issues using the sayings in Thomas, as we would expect from the brother of Jesus who led the Way for decades after the cross.    Often, Biblical scholars say James wasn't written by James, because it is far too cleverly written to be from the brother of a rube like Jesus. And because it disagrees with Paul.    Both are totally without merit. Jesus was no rube. He was the most sophisticated, advanced thinking human that ever walked the planet. And James/Jesus outranks Paul. 
 Lol genocide? Really? Where are the dead devils ? Smh they need to do what you did rape Rob and murder ! Gtfoh   -- Typical Nigger with Low Iq . He must I thought I was a Cuck who not hang his nigger ass.    Source:     - YouTube   Address :  
 	Not in South Carolina. Here they walk around with respect for the fact that if they get out of line, a whole bunch of folks with well-maintained firearms and practice using them will appear out of nowhere and blow his nigger ass back to Africa. 
  
 	This is close to blasphemy and do you have your "eternal insurance" yet Peter? What do you have against Jesus? 
 		ha ha ha  "close to blasphemy" . how about "Fuck  You . Fuck  Jesus  Christ . Fuck  God . and Fuck any other imaginary garbage imbeciles believe in" . that's a bit closer you idiotic twat ! 
 A Freudian slip by the Deep State? 
 		They realize that now. It's the main reason they are too scared to go full on Jfk with Trump.  
 		Your hostility toward older people might get you hurt someday . 
 		The older generation has already done more than hurt me, they have wrought hell upon my fellow man.  On their way out from the face of this planet, they have left the planet, specially society in worse conditions than they left it.  Our generation not only will take care of the Commies. 
 		. but is on track to repeal universal suffreage.  The betrayal of the tea party is forgotten by the Msm, but not by me.  Enjoy your social security while you can, geriatric.  I can't wait to see you make a move again. 
 		. but is on track to repeal universal suffreage.  The betrayal of the tea party is forgotten by the Msm, but not by me.  Enjoy your social security while you can, geriatric.  I can't wait to see you make a move again. 
 Sounds like a moral dilemma for leftist dingbats.   After all, the cop is a muslim.   Chicago: Muslim Off-Duty Cop shoots innocent autistic black teen from his vehicle in a drive-by shooting    
 	One can take the nigger out of the ghetto, But one cannot take the ghetto out of the nigger.  
 *New Video*   A gay, "non-binary" Muslim drag queen explains how gender and race fluidity is proven by science.   So delighted my Bbc license fee is paying for this.    
 	Queer Theory?   Race, age, and sex are all fluid constructs?   And you can have no gender or Limitless genders?   Sorry, Earth it's time Vader makes you Alderaan fairy dust. 
 		Watching this fucking retard gave me Cock Inversion Syndrome. Muslim Queer Genderfluid - yeah, Islam loves those. Just ask them. 
 Nice page!   
 	God Bless ! :) 
 		that's retarded 
 Is that the dyke from Florida? 
  
 	Eddie izzard is such a cunt 
 	Eddie izzard is such a cunt 
 Wtf man,  im tellin ya i got alot of build up anger towards you martin i will break yo fuckin face my son and your nazi balls son great a nigger or get fuckin knocked da fuck out in front of yo house old boy 
 	Every day it takes you to realize the current fake Q=Soros, your Iq score goes down.   And we're already at room temperature. 
 		Why do you give a shit about who follows Qanon or not?  What’s your crusade? 
 			Because Q/Soros will tell the glassy eyed zombies to do something horrific in President Trump's name, and 10% of them will do it. 
 				So, that’s your motive?  To save untold lives?  You should be more concerned with the shit head libtards that are Actually telling their zombies to perpetuate acts of violence and they are. Qanon has never condoned violence.  
 					And to keep Soros/Q from filling the House and Senate with Democrats and impeaching the President.   Not complicated, honest, you can do it. 
 						So, according to your theory, Q is Soros and Q (Soros) is dropping intelligence exposing all the deep state corruption that has taken place over decades, supports Trump, and has the deep state in full retreat while at the same time Soros (Q) is also funding Blm, Antifa, and anything anti-Trump?  Got it! 
 							Q/Soros isn't exposing anything. About all it's doing is saying everything is under control, no need to get all excited about voting.   As it plans the Big One. 
 								Are more people aware of the corruption that is, and has been, pervasive in our government since Qanon began dropping or are fewer aware?  Has Qanon done more to wake people up or has he/she been a phenomenon to keep people asleep? 
 										I didn't know that that moron was a cock sucking faggot pillow biter ass pirate cum chugger fruit. 
 Rosie O’Donnell Is Engaged. You’ll Never Guess Who She’s Marrying      
 	I’m guessing another butt ugly, man hating bull dyke 
  
 	Nazi jew bastard should be hanged along his faggot son! 
 3 weeks until the elections, and the dems are working hard to endear themselves with the American voter. That sucking sound you hear is the blue ebb-tide. 
 	She seems nice. 
 		Cunt face, even if she was nice, that face says I'll chew your dick off. 
 Tucker had on the woman who has accused the Dem's #2 Asshole Keith Ellison of assault.   She was credible, I believed her . . .   but on the other hand I have NØ respect for a woman who would be in a relationship with a mø'slum nigger in the first place. 
         
 	It's going to cost him a fortune for all the bullshit that spews out of his faggot mouth. 
  
 	So ugly. But so true! I lived it as a fed employee!  
 		Yup. It Is Rampant Even In The Private Sector. I Was Forced To Hire A DInDU As An ENGInEER. He Was Worthless. I THInK He Got HIs Degree At GRAMBLInG Or Tsu, Useless Nigger Colleges. He Was Next To Impossible To Fire. I Lucked Out AnD Caught Him WItH One Of Our Guards SMOKInG Dope On COMPAnY Time. SHItCAnNED Both Of TheM. 
 he 1950s are over and you no longer matter. Go sit on your couches and eat Big Macs and collect Ssi. The real workers will do the work while you rest. Don't worry, in 20 years when you need a diaper change the people you hate will still take care of you with respect. Something you do not deserve. 
 	And ur a Dirty Piece of Shit WetBack that must be run out of Us 
 	National Faggot League 
 I'm betting this lie will get half around the world before the truth even gets it's trousers on , Just what was the real provocation ?     
 	They won't show how it started, the man has mental difficulties.  However the nigger is a cripple ugly fuck sucking up my tax money.   Hope she dies soon!   
 Theres a whole story in this picture. What do you think is going on?   
 		better a watcher than a jerk off king like yourself 
 	Hypothetically, two mulattos could fuck and make a 100% European baby. Each parent only contributes half of its own Dna, which in the extreme case could be the good half or the nigger half. 
 Hillary Clinton is it retard as well. she's essentially saying that as long as we're winning we'll behave but when we're not will throw temper tantrums   
 	Trump's super power is being Awesome the kind of Awesome that can turn a Liberal into a puddle of tears it's like watching him slap books out of their hands while walking to his next class in high school or shoving them into a locker or duct taping their asses shut in gym.   I Absofuckinglutley Love It  you jerkoff retard liberal shit sniffing creeps and weirdos 
 	Trump's super power is being Awesome the kind of Awesome that can turn a Liberal into a puddle of tears it's like watching him slap books out of their hands while walking to his next class in high school or shoving them into a locker or duct taping their asses shut in gym.   I Absofuckinglutley Love It  you jerkoff retard liberal shit sniffing creeps and weirdos 
 I think Apple, Lg and Samsung will be backing Trump in 2020. 
 	If it removes liberals from the web, I'm for it. 
 		What a twat 
 		What a twat 
 Hit button to close elevator, shoot the first two and then laugh your ass off while the 3rd little nigger cowers in fear then just as the door is opening and she thinks shes getting away plug her ass in the back of the head too. 
 	I see you're a fairy gay faggot with dick on your brain. 
 		This Is The One With Dick On HIs Brain 
 		Ok Npc. 
 		Ok Npc. 
 It wouldn't surprise me if Florida elected the commie Nigger for governor because the number of assorted Retards, Freeloaders ,Welfare Parasites And Leftists  has been steadily growing in the Sunshine State. Plus that hurricane that hit Puerto Rico ending  up blowing in a bumper crop of Puerto Rican voters and we all know how they vote. 
 	What do you call a nigger at a republican event?  Keynote speaker 
 Wow you’re making nigger haikus intellectual! Love it!  
 Not only Kayne West is a Uncle Tom, he is a house nigger to his master Adolf J Trumpler. He deserves to be called a coon. 
 Popular  YouTuber  deleted his  account over the recent Loli ban.    
 	Those who defend all pedophile things are obviously themselves pedophiles. First it's loli-whatsitcrap.then it'll be actual pictures. The slippery slope is oh so real. Look at the faggot movement for God's sake! 
 	Those who defend all pedophile things are obviously themselves pedophiles. First it's loli-whatsitcrap.then it'll be actual pictures. The slippery slope is oh so real. Look at the faggot movement for God's sake! 
 Oh shut up with your incessant Jooz Retard muted 
 dont forget that the only reason the white statistic isnt 1.5% is because of the "white hispanics" that are included in the "white" stats. White Men are the least likely to rape out of all races, Period. 30k nigger on white rapes per year, Zero white on black rapes yearly.  
 .@billshortenmp: Today is because of you. Today is because of your advocates, your networks, your organisations, and your leadership.   It is you that bravely fought the long battle of justice and for recognition for your truth to be believed.   More:   
 	Then the Australians are going to get rid of their muzzie infestation? 
 	Same here. 
 		*high fives*  
 	Fuck fuckity fuck fuck.  Its such a great word. 
 		I used it daily except when the grandson is around then I use Shit. My daughters got a problem with the kid using the word Shit a lot now   
 		The absolute state of libertarianism 
 	I'm always happy when I'm fucking or I wouldn't do it! 
 	I'm always happy when I'm fucking or I wouldn't do it! 
 Go fuck a goat Maga hat, you're the fucking retard here the thinks Trump is gonna save muh America.  What a fuckwit. 
 Haaaaa haaa nope fool.traditional strong american family.you know .your bane.street shitting ignorfool.go fuck a goat.or rape a kid like your faggot proffet mo.ham.ed.haaaaaa haas.i would say blow me .but im desise free. 
 	Just saying, that picture at the top isn't ambassador Stevens. Not making any claims about the rest of the meme, but that's not where that picture comes from   The image can be found on many websites prior to Ambassador Stevens death in 2012.   For example, from 2009,  
 			Just saying, that picture at the top isn't ambassador Stevens. Not making any claims about the rest of the meme, but that's not where that picture comes from  This statement sounds like a defense? The one where I said I'm making no claims about the rest of the meme, just that the image isn't stevens?   Ok dude. Anyway, for anyone who cares, that picture of that man being tortured existed for years prior to Ambassador Stevens death in 2012.   For example, this post from 2009:      An image can't exist before it is taken so clearly this image isn't of Stevens.   Here's a larger list of search results you can look through, you'll find other posts dating before 2012 if you look hard enough.      Regardless it's not him, just a image associated with torture. 
 					It says a lot about a person who would accuse you of sympathizing with terrorists because you point out the image they claim is of one mans torture is actually several years older than the death of said person.   Either way, you claimed an image of a man being tortured was Christopher Stevens, I said it wasn't and proved it while also saying I didn't deny anything about the story of what happened to him.  How unhinged are you that you call somebody at Terrorist sympathizer  for pointing out that you made a mistake? 
 						This is the American mentality. If someone says something slightly neutral about a group like the Taliban like the fact they're banning heroin production, suddenly that person is a "terrorist sympathizer". Suddenly that person is a "muzzie supporter". In America, dissenting thought is criminalized. The regime is at Soviet levels of paranoia. 
 								This is all because I pointed out she used the wrong image. Be careful who you trust on gab, they might be nuts. 
 																Excuse me Mohumphead . You don't care if a child has her period . Muzzie troll . Keep it flowing .  
 Rt :     
 	What a retard 
 Jetzt hackt's endgültig aus.   Zusätzlich zum Einsatz von schwer geschützten Gefechtsfahrzeugen, fernsteuerbaren Waffenstationen, Maschinengewehren, Sturmgewehren und Granaten wird die deutsche Polizei, hier die Landespolizei Nrw, zukünftig standardmäßig ballistische Gefechtshelme in ihren Einsatzfahrzeugen mitführen. Der Hoplit F1100H soll Vollmantelgeschosse mit Flüssigkern vom Kaliber 7,62x39 (Kalaschnikow) aufhalten und zugleich den Träger vor einem tödlichen Trauma bewahren können.   So langsam sind wir an dem Punkt angelangt, in welchem die Polizeikräfte zumindest infanteristisch schlagkräftiger als die Streitkräfte ausgerüstet sind. Krank, nur noch krank.    
 		That little no good kike (((Anne Frank))) used a pen that wasn't even invented until after it died! It's all a hoax! (((Holocaust))) never happened! The real Holocaust is what the faggot ass (((Allies))) did to the Germans After the war.  
 The Angry Demonrat Mob That Doesn't Exist   
 	They are all very Racist Retarded human sewage! 
  
 	To be fair, she's only half wrong.  They are baby milk vending machines. Knowing that, we choose women with large breasts because, whether rightly or not, we assume they will do a good job of dispensing milk. Thus, we are sexually attracted, because the point of sex is making babies. 
 		Not if you are a Faggot? or a Pedophile. Or a Faggot Pedophile. 
 Ancient Chinese Confucius proverb:   If your cunt stinks then no one will ever love you 
 			After his head is pulled right off at the miscalculated drop at the hanging. Nigger Bastard. 
 		The real inspiration for the proud boys was the Traditionalist Worker Party.     After the Battle of Sacramento, Gavin McInnes was highly impressed with the Twp affiliated nationalists who physically defeated the numerically larger Antifa, and said that America needed a group like this except less "extreme". 
 			And by extreme you mean obese. 
 					Let me tell you the story bout two men named Matt   One a tiny runt, the other big and fat   Then one day big Matt got Miz Matt nude   What happened next could be construed as kinda crude   Cucked, that is. Walmart Box. Broken dreams. 
 						Walmart box & broken dreams was a master stroke my guy. really pulled things together  
 							Werner Herzog would be proud 
 								I don't know who that is  
 											>be a burger faggot >hate burger land >go into the wild & live near bears  >trying to become a bear >get eaten by bears   
 stupid cunt 
 Alaska Gop Leaders May Take Action Against Rino Lisa Murkowski For Opposing Brett Kavanaugh    
 	I don't think this cunt is going to run in 2022 and doesn't give a shit. She just wants to muddy the waters for Trump.  
 Remember this   A  Sikh,  will Save your life    A muslim,  will Take your life  Learn to know the difference 
 	Nigger loving jewish whore. 
 Your comments are so disjointed and retarded that I can't even tell if there's a point behind them. and I'm guessing you can't either.  
 Polosi has been Collaterally  Damaged.  
 	Ahhhh. that would explain all  the sputtering, and stammering this brain dead twat spews, daily.   .  
 faggot 
 	he deserves it for being a cunt zionist let his kike faggot ass suffer  
 Dem Senator Hirono: Kav Throwing Ice Is Proof ‘We Need An Fbi Investigation’     
 	fuck you, jap cunt 
 Just out of curiosity.  How many other Gabbers link their Gab posts to Twitter?  I kinda do it as a Fu to Twitter.         Oh.  And for some weird reason.  Twitter hasn't booted me like before.  I wounder if they just don't have a filter for that yet. 
 	I did it occasionally, but Twitter has now suspended my account. Complaint from some obnoxious faggot being called a faggot, by moi! But do I give a fuck? Sadly, no! 
 I suppose they forgot about the "Collaborated with Nazi's" "Sold out his own people to Nazi's" and the fact that Soros was proud of doing so his whole life.   It's very clear who is allied with who these days, don't let them get away with the revisionist history, vote these idiots back into obscurity where they belong.   Disgusting woman. 
 	This cunt is so stupid. The left are the ones calling for incivility and being sore losers. 
  
 	The last time I saw something so Retarded is when My neighbor tried to wire in his own electric hot tub. 
 This is a surprise.     
 	Should Feinstein of put it out in the public no matter of how vague the twat I think not its like "playground chatter" being discussed by university Dons. And basically as childish we a he said she said but more she said was listened to  
  
 		Who was his aunt again?  Cia puppet nigger sorry 
 Pelosi explains "the wrap up smear", which is exactly what the Democrats did to Kavanaugh:    
 	you dried up old cunt I hope one of your needle dik Mexican raped that dried up pussy 
 nigger  
 Fuckwad Chuck Schumer says Kavanaugh misled the Senate, when in fact it was the feckless cunt Crissy Ford who made reckless allegations in the Senate with NØ corroboration and having never filed a police report.   Chuck Schumer should die a death worse than McCain. 
 Do it. 
 		james  I am shocked! 
 		shocked, by what? The Truth Lol.  
 		 
 		 
 Collins & Flake were yes. Manchin in a yes. Murkowski is a no. 
 	Even if Manchin gets cold feet at the last minute, this can go right if there is no more defections like cunt Murkowski from Reps. How is it that states with a name that starts with a letter A just keep making problems.Alabama, Arizona and now Alaska.it seems like a curse. 
 	Even if Manchin gets cold feet at the last minute, this can go right if there is no more defections like cunt Murkowski from Reps. How is it that states with a name that starts with a letter A just keep making problems.Alabama, Arizona and now Alaska.it seems like a curse. 
 	Don't even get me started on Bill Clinton or Barry Soetoro (aka Barack Obama).  We need to close military bases that make no sense to still operate. China is what we need to be worrying about. I watch what they are doing with their navy. It's quite alarming Imo. 
 	I'm a conservative, not a libertarian. It's high time we stop trying to police the entire f***ing world. We can't afford it anymore. Why do you think the deficit is so bloody high?  How many more Americans have to die because of neo-con and neo-liberal masturbation fantasies?  I want American taxpayers' money spent on America not the rest of the f***ing world. 
 	I'm a conservative, not a libertarian. It's high time we stop trying to police the entire f***ing world. We can't afford it anymore. Why do you think the deficit is so bloody high?  How many more Americans have to die because of neo-con and neo-liberal masturbation fantasies?  I want American taxpayers' money spent on America not the rest of the f***ing world. 
 Twitter's new content policy will ban and punish users that dehumanize groups -- like Ms-13, or Islam -- even if they are not speaking about any individuals.     Twitter will now be defending thugs.     
 	Twat is dead 
 	Twat is dead 
 Rt :    This is Really Bad for you dear! Should have kept your mouth shut & opened only to sing !   Taylor Swift bashes Blackburn in favor of Tennessee Dems, breaking political silence   
 	The cunt is out of the Bdm. 
 If you are unhappy with the state of things in your country, you take it up with your Government   Or you run for office yourself. Start a movement. Facilitate change   You don't just march off to another country & demand they let you in, let you vote, pay for all of your Health Care, Food, Education & Housing, while you squeeze out 5 more kids.    
 	"Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed."   Martin Luther King Jr 
 		Mlk was a corrupt nigger copy cat. 
 Another Stupid Loud Mouth Racist Nigger Bitch.  Just Like Whoopy    
 Heard this was a good place for Nazis exiled from Twitter.  
 	did they finally kevork u man? took long enough 
 		Yeah, I just tried to open up a new account with a clean email and behind seven proxies and was still refused service like a nigger at an Alabama lunch counter. 
 Secret recording of a Major bullying his troops over Tr. A major in the infantry commands a company around  100 give or take a few.    
 	This isn't surprising. Everything people in high power say is bullshit. No-one's fighting wars for free speech! Lmfao!  The surprising thing about this is that Uk has total fucking pansies running the army. They've just pulled back the lion's curtain and revealed a fucking retarded kitten. 
 	This isn't surprising. Everything people in high power say is bullshit. No-one's fighting wars for free speech! Lmfao!  The surprising thing about this is that Uk has total fucking pansies running the army. They've just pulled back the lion's curtain and revealed a fucking retarded kitten. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	What we have works just fine. We don't need any changes.   
 		 U A Faggot Bich 
 White supremacists still have a safe space online. It’s Discord:  via  
 		I think you forgot to login to your alt account. 
 		The microphone part doesn't work on my end. Need to replace my os with a newer one I guess.  The app ver of it hardlocks my desktop when I exit. 
 		i really hope not  
 		get off of discord dumb cunts 
 the shit libs are the real racists? fucking retard boomers are beginning to ruin this site 
 	Why do you hate White people so much?   Is your mindless hatred driven mostly by your toxic semitism, or is your homosexuality a factor as well?   Just curious. 
 			Yeah, I'm just highlighting his near-total lack of self-awareness. 
 			It's a good illustration for others, but trying to convince a tick to not drink blood wouldn't be worthy of your time.  That's the benefit of doing these kind of things in public.  Plus you have him spending time on this, as a form of social babysitting. 
 			It's a good illustration for others, but trying to convince a tick to not drink blood wouldn't be worthy of your time.  That's the benefit of doing these kind of things in public.  Plus you have him spending time on this, as a form of social babysitting. 
 	Turned them off years ago. Shep and his anti gun bullshit was the last straw during that manhunt in cali a few years ago.  
 		I know somebody that worked at Fox he said he was a fluffer to several of the higher ups hence he keeps his job. 
 		I know somebody that worked at Fox he said he was a fluffer to several of the higher ups hence he keeps his job. 
 When it comes to advancing their careers $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ in films, acting, modelling, singing, women are more than happy to show lots of cleavage and skin (or opening their legs for that special lead film role)                
 	And for Shekels they fuck every nigger and every Jew. 
 Antifa, The Far-Left Black Bloc Organization/Group That Went Full Retard   Moral Of The Story: Never Go Full Antiftard    
  
 	no surprise, rich sjw twat 
    
 		Libtard? Gay lover? Better read my other posts, Will. You're the one pushing libtard propaganda equating the Klan to Antifa and the cuckservative "democrats are the real racists" meme. Or are you a nigger love? 
 "The introduction of needless, contrived complexity, creating a vast machine of complex moving parts to carry out tasks that would be far better served via honest and straightforward simplicity: is it any wonder that Rube Goldberg was a jew?"    ~ Anonymous 
 Um,       Why do you have a problem with truth ? 
 	All Rinos hate the truth.  They're like Democrats. Only worse. 
 		Yea, her and that faggot Flake. I want bad-ass's as leaders, not Lilly livered jellyfish.  
 As the migrant caravan surges through Mexico toward the U.S. border, U.S. officials are debating how to handle the mass of people once they arrive and demand entry into the Promised Land.      
 	An M-2 browning every mile with interlocking fields of fire and an order to shoot at any movement, with platoon size patrols in-between, all conducted by three units out of the 18th airborne corps, 101, 82, 10    Combat hardened crack troops.    Issue them about 30,000 body bags 
 			Umm I’m a hillbilly but hey whatever 
 			Umm I’m a hillbilly but hey whatever 
 I just got done with a call with Christopher Bollyn.   I will be spending a lot of time studying the materials he recommends and weighing the evidence.   It's time to name the jew in israeli involvement in 911! 
 	The original plan was to take out the George Washington Bridge and both the Lincoln + Holland Tunnels.  The base of operations was in Fort Lee, Nj.   
 		What Idiot  would blame the Israelis for 911 ?  Stop drinking the IdiotIC Koolaid of Propagandist Hatred toward an Entire People! You've Totally Lost any credibility for Any future rational commentary for it is now obvious that You. Need Meds! 
 			Bring It Asshole! Ah Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ah Ha. Fuk'N Idiot Fuck'N Nigger Loven Ass Monkey Gay Boy Fuck Tard - Bring It!  I'Ll Stab You & Slab You Faster THaN Fuck!  No,. I tell you,. I bet that I can stab you & slab you faster than you can throw me and Blow Me! Girly Boy! 
 		 This british faggot may be wealthy, but where he's going his $ won't do him a bit of good. In fact it will be an impediment. 
 Hey hey.  Ho ho.  The Pope has got to Go. 
 	Fuck the retarded Poop. 
 Faggot 
 	Wow!  Syria leading the way.  How many voters have actually been to the middle east?  I'm guessing not many.  I spent 3 years off and on there and Israel is the only place that closely resembles the Us.  No American would like the other choices.   
 				Quickly looking it up, it says Mohammad was born in Mecca (I tend to disbelieve that on its face) and that his family were from Hejaz, which is western Saudi Arabia along the nile. So he definitely was not from Iran, or Persian. 
 					Yeah. Islam started in Arabia. 
 							Israel has had nuclear weapons for decades. No trouble. Want to see Iran with nuclear weapons? 
 								 Iran with nuclear weapons? - Ever hear of the Sco, Joann? Russia & China are irans trading partners & have a Mad with Iran. Iran doesn't need or want nukes. Otoh. ( Confirmed Syrian Gov ) Israeli / Isis Forces Used Tactical Nuclear WEAPONs in Syria  
 																			What's the matter Winifred? Lots of things were covered up by the Ussr. They aren't covered up now dog bollocks. All you've demonstrated is that things can be covered up. A massacre in woods is one thing. 4 nuclear detonations in Syria is another.   And you'll have trouble doing anything with my hammer in your skullcap.   Warning :) 
 																			What's the matter Winifred? Lots of things were covered up by the Ussr. They aren't covered up now dog bollocks. All you've demonstrated is that things can be covered up. A massacre in woods is one thing. 4 nuclear detonations in Syria is another.   And you'll have trouble doing anything with my hammer in your skullcap.   Warning :) 
 	 
 	 
 NatSocs! Why capitalism works if you make an effort. My mate Jane's son. 26. Left school at 18. No uni. Learnt web development from 14. Now earning 60,000 in London as web developer for major luxury holiday firm. Now on secondment to Delhi for 10 days training Indian It lads. Top hotel, great food, all expenses paid. And he's gay, just to piss you off more lol 
 		Get a job, ya lazy bum. 
 		Get a job, ya lazy bum. 
 The only difference between American voting and playing PowerBall is that in the unlikely event you do win the lottery, the hosts won't deny you your winnings, tell you to get fucked, allow masked goons to attack you, then throw your ass in prison for defending yourself from them. 
 	You getting laid much these days, or does Heimbach always get there first. 
 		Take your muh dik bullshit back to the Daily Wigger forum where it belongs. 
  
 		   You better stick to faggot cartoons, history is not your thing.  
 The only thing worse than a nigger?  A. A gay nigger    
 jews are a race , retard 
 Geneticist have proven that there is less than 6% variation in Dna between the races. So "master race" your Dna is at least 94% Exactly the same as an Africans!   Have a wonderful evening! 
 		Course it’s kike bullshit. Another old jewish lie. We’re all Africans hahahahaha yeah okay ! Me & a sub-saharan African are the same hahahahaha Gtfo ! Don’t listen to Obi he’s just a faggot tryin to fight the inevitable (ppl waking up to the evils of jews) 
 Dorsey is a faggot Jew with Aids. I would say gas him but the Aids is killing him already. 
 But once they go nigger they always want bigger 
 This is Nelly Jerez, Honduras’ sub-secretary of international relations. She is in charge of and oversees migrant issues in Honduras. Why does she have an Israeli flag in her office? Why does it have the same prominence as the Honduran flag?  
 	Just anothe kike loving cunt 
 As Europe was being liberated from the evil Nazis, a Catholic Priest wrote in his diary.   
 	The Allies used nigger soldiers to rape German, French and Italian women into submission.   
  
 	Illegal alien  
 		WETback . 
 The Jewish people have said that Hollywood is theirs. Can any of you deny that they are the masters of Hollywood, where sex, lesbianism, homosexuality and violence are promoted?Louis Farrakhan    
 	lol at rednecks quoting Farrakhan’s puke.  
 		lol @ the dumb faggot kikesucker Knot Sure 
 Part of the bigger plan for the Islamization of America.   Maine: Muslim migrant activist targeting businesses with discrimination complaints  
 	Not hearing this on the local news, bring it up here you muzzie and see what greets you!  Southern Maine took these monsters in because of the stupid ass demon crats, now they can live with the monsters!  Put one foot on my property and I will introduce you to allah personally! 
 		Most local (and national) news will Not report anything that makes Muslims look bad. Within the politically correct mindset, Muslims are the most protected "victim" class, even ahead of Lgbt.  
 		Well fortunately my gun doesn't watch Tv just the road to my property. 
 		Well fortunately my gun doesn't watch Tv just the road to my property. 
 Nigger teachers grab white kids who didn't initiate. Deep down, he wanted to swing too. 
 I'm convinced that thing is just a filthy kike faggot  
 When battle for planet of the apes comes, nice denise from work isn't going to talk her nigger brothers out of raping your family and crushing their skulls with rocks 
 It's not just in Australia, it's everywhere.  Who was that twat in America who said she could not be racist because she was black? Say no more. 
  Obama's appointed Scotus Justice Kagan get's mad, questions legitimacy of Scotus 
 	A Cunt Named Kagan   Read the following, she's never been suitable for the Supreme Court, I doubt if she's suitable for traffic court:   Transcript: Sessions' Statement At Kagan Hearing - see below:    YouTube Video of it:  Session's Blistering Kagan: You "Demeaned Our Soldiers"   Transcript highlights, smooze removed:   .here are serious concerns about this nomination.   has less real legal experience of any nominee in at least fifty years, not just that she has never been a judge.   barely practiced law, and not with the intensity and duration from which real understanding occurs.   has never tried a case before a jury.   argued her first appellate case just nine months ago.   public record does reveal, however, is a more extensive background in policy and politics, mixed with law.   college thesis on socialism in New York seems to bemoan socialism's demise there.   .started her political career in earnest as a staffer on the presidential campaign of Michael Dukakis.   took leave from teaching at law school to work for this committee under then-Chairman Joe Biden to help secure the confirmation of Ruth Bader Ginsburg.   left teaching law to spend five years at the center of politics, working in the Clinton White House, doing -- as she describes it -- "mostly policy work."   was the central figure in the Clinton-Gore effort to restrict gun rights -- and, as the dramatic 5-4 decision today in McDonald shows, the personal right of every American to own a gun hangs by a single vote.   .she was perhaps the key person who convinced President Clinton to change his mind.to opposing legislation that would have banned that horrible procedure.   .as Dean of Harvard.reversed Harvard's existing policy and kicked the military out of the recruiting office in violation of federal law.    .joined with three other law school deans to write a letter in opposition to Senator Graham's legislation establishing procedures for determining who was an "enemy combatant" in the War on Terror. She compared this legislation to the "fundamentally lawless" actions of "dictatorships."  .as Solicitor General for a little over a year.   .Ms. Kagan told the Court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election.   .approved the filing of a brief before the Supreme Court asking that it strike down provisions of the Legal Arizona Worker’s Act, which suspends or revokes business licenses of corporations which knowingly hiring illegal immigrants, even though Federal law expressly prohibits such hiring.[and] the liberal 9th Circuit had upheld the law.   actions she has taken as Solicitor General appear to have deliberately and unnecessarily put ["Don't Ask, Don't Tell"] law in jeopardy.   has associated herself with well-known activist judges who use their power to redefine the meaning of the words of our Constitution and laws.   She clerked for Judge Mikva and Justice Marshall, each a well-known liberal activist judge. And she has called Israeli Judge Aharon Barak -- who has been described as the most activist judge in the world -- her hero.   career has been consumed more by politics than law.  
 	A Cunt Named Kagan   Read the following, she's never been suitable for the Supreme Court, I doubt if she's suitable for traffic court:   Transcript: Sessions' Statement At Kagan Hearing - see below:    YouTube Video of it:  Session's Blistering Kagan: You "Demeaned Our Soldiers"   Transcript highlights, smooze removed:   .here are serious concerns about this nomination.   has less real legal experience of any nominee in at least fifty years, not just that she has never been a judge.   barely practiced law, and not with the intensity and duration from which real understanding occurs.   has never tried a case before a jury.   argued her first appellate case just nine months ago.   public record does reveal, however, is a more extensive background in policy and politics, mixed with law.   college thesis on socialism in New York seems to bemoan socialism's demise there.   .started her political career in earnest as a staffer on the presidential campaign of Michael Dukakis.   took leave from teaching at law school to work for this committee under then-Chairman Joe Biden to help secure the confirmation of Ruth Bader Ginsburg.   left teaching law to spend five years at the center of politics, working in the Clinton White House, doing -- as she describes it -- "mostly policy work."   was the central figure in the Clinton-Gore effort to restrict gun rights -- and, as the dramatic 5-4 decision today in McDonald shows, the personal right of every American to own a gun hangs by a single vote.   .she was perhaps the key person who convinced President Clinton to change his mind.to opposing legislation that would have banned that horrible procedure.   .as Dean of Harvard.reversed Harvard's existing policy and kicked the military out of the recruiting office in violation of federal law.    .joined with three other law school deans to write a letter in opposition to Senator Graham's legislation establishing procedures for determining who was an "enemy combatant" in the War on Terror. She compared this legislation to the "fundamentally lawless" actions of "dictatorships."  .as Solicitor General for a little over a year.   .Ms. Kagan told the Court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election.   .approved the filing of a brief before the Supreme Court asking that it strike down provisions of the Legal Arizona Worker’s Act, which suspends or revokes business licenses of corporations which knowingly hiring illegal immigrants, even though Federal law expressly prohibits such hiring.[and] the liberal 9th Circuit had upheld the law.   actions she has taken as Solicitor General appear to have deliberately and unnecessarily put ["Don't Ask, Don't Tell"] law in jeopardy.   has associated herself with well-known activist judges who use their power to redefine the meaning of the words of our Constitution and laws.   She clerked for Judge Mikva and Justice Marshall, each a well-known liberal activist judge. And she has called Israeli Judge Aharon Barak -- who has been described as the most activist judge in the world -- her hero.   career has been consumed more by politics than law.  
  
 	The fuck are jazz hands? 
 		    Sick retarded fucks. 
 Just what I needed. The perfect response to that boomer cunt .  
 Just what I needed. The perfect response to that boomer cunt .  
 Miss Piggy and Basic Thot 247819 were arrested while protesting the fact that the very Fbi report they were calling for didn’t deliver the results they wanted. 
 	 
 		amy schumer is related to cuck schumer so.not surprising shes a dumb cunt 
 Uk government blocks study of prison conversions to Islam and prison jihad recruitment    
 	Why doesnt britainistan have muzzie prisons only for the evil scum .end of conversions right . 
 Gun proponents like to repeat the famous quote that government should fear its citizens, not the other way around.  And I agree. But when the Gop was fearing a bunch of screaming middle aged female citizens recently, the gun obsessed suddenly didn't believe that anymore.  Why? 
 		If I was a boy, I might give a shit what "Steve Butcher" has to say.  However, I am not.  I Am, on the other hand, a gun owner.  And I Do believe govt should Fear us.  But what kind of punk fears middle aged women in Birkenstocks?  
 		If I was a boy, I might give a shit what "Steve Butcher" has to say.  However, I am not.  I Am, on the other hand, a gun owner.  And I Do believe govt should Fear us.  But what kind of punk fears middle aged women in Birkenstocks?  
 You now need to be extra, extra, extra careful how you refer to the Prophet Mohammed, as the Eu Court of Human Rights upheld the conviction of an Austrian woman for defamation over his marriage to a child.    
 	Mohammed was a peadophile. He married and raped a child. 
 		I be extra careful Muhammad the fake prophet Muslim old pedophile child abusing cunt like them Asian Islamic grooming gangs in Britain. Not only did they inject drugs and force alcohol in children they repeatedly violently gang rape.  Truth Hurts  
 Doncha love it, faggot LOLzy 
 	Best way to combat piracy is first to find out why people are pirating. There are legit reasons some do. Others just want free stuff those ones more than likely would of never given you money.  
 		a lot of time when i see ppl pirate it usually comes down to the basics. not available in their region, censorship, they have no money etc  but when the artist/writer/etc and youre a total cunt about pirating Before pirating happens  welp, you're just kinda askin for it at that point 
 	2 things - This is something a dyke would say. And women. Standards, marry a good man and life is easy. Or don’t marry a good man and shut the fuck up and don’t complain. Men, women are great. Pick a good one with your values and she will make your life easy. We compliment each other, this is nature. 
 Watch: Somali refugee explains why they believe rape of women in the West is not a crime    
 	Eeeewwwww gross. He's disGusting.  
 		Lol That's not a Somali, that is an American nigger who has been dead for years and was a celebrity of sorts on Howard Stern 
 Cunt ! 
 Traitor Obama had the Muslim Brohood over to our White House numerous times. about what?  
 	white horses ass America just smiled like retarded fools." my,what nice negros". 
 I don't agree with the strategies of the boars there. I saw some of them in a civil defense organization talking about how they need to show their survival plans to the public and the south african government. What retarded fucking shit is that? Showing your blue prints to the negros who want to wipe them out. I only see tragic shit going on there. I don't see the logic in allot of what their doing. It just doesn't add up to me 
 Who’s the real racists? 
 		I’m the fool?  
 				Normal men (97% or so) are sexually aroused by women. Men that are sexually attracted to men are born that way = genetic. Only a faggot gets a hard on looking at men/boys. Have to be born that way. Sure faggots that adopt little boys to molest them can turn them faggot against their nature. 
 	The nigger sows never know who the father is. 
 Of course, she already got paid and got her fifteen minutes of infamy. 
 		Damn!  I liked that post so much I am going to follow you!  Very creative. 
 		Damn!  I liked that post so much I am going to follow you!  Very creative. 
 .   Facebook And Twitter Ban Popular Independent Media Sites In Coordinated Purge.   .    
 	so a faggot with Aids and a punk Jew kike fucktard have the power to do this? Why haven't these two cucks been shot? Why haven't we gone to their homes and gassed their families? Wtf is the tipping point for us before we purge these kikes and faggots from our midst?  
 Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination & adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On , we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, & celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean.     6:36 am - 8 Oct 2018 
 	christopher columbus.fraud.actual founder of the slave trade in america and several other countries. 
 		Sorta correct, nigger tribes in africa (only niggers livid in africa at that time). Sold captured niggers from other tribes, to white people for guns. And ammo for the guns, to kill the other tribes. So niggers were enslaving niggers before white people. 
 		I think Q is Bs as well just so you know. 
 		I think Q is Bs as well just so you know. 
 			They pile them into a van and then hand them those little  25 cent potato chip bags on the way to vote.lol 
 		"No one loves socialism quite like a moron who has never experienced it firsthand." 
 	this seems relevant;  
 	I don't want socialism. I want a mixed economy. We already have a mixed economy that has socialised programs like social security and food stamps. Universal healthcare is what is needed next.  
 	Another amazing feat! 
 nigger please 
 Nigger "actor" named "Pooch" screws the pooch, gets ape-faced and lets 2 year old son steer his car.     "In a statement, Sergeant Derek Green told Radar, when police officers arrived, witnesses reported seeing a man driving a Chrysler 300 sedan weaving in and out of traffic with a small child seated on his lap. One witness reported seeing the child’s hands on the steering wheel.    
 Oh noes! The black voters were ordered off the bus for unrelated reasons, but the Left is going to scream that this is the second coming of the Klan.    
 		No minority group votes for a majority party. Sorry, it's not going to work. 
 		you don't want it to work!  
 		you don't want it to work!  
  
 	you keep your totalitarian bullshit socialism with speech and thought control, i will keep my free market capitalism and freewill  
 		only time i see niggers is if i look  to make sure the garbage men are doing their job correctly.besides.1 nigger is worth 20 of you hillbilly wannabe nazi  faggots  
 I've been muting more frequently the ones who come into one of our topics and start smearing around their Christian bullshit like a retarded kid in his bedroom. 
 The Democrats love rapest. Example #1 Bill Clinton. 
 	Who down voted you?  Cause I know the faggot you responded to can't downvote you or anyone anymore. 
 American flag torched.  
 	Mitt Romney and Marco Rubio called them heroes. The Gop sided with them over our guys in Cville. Never forget. 
 		Romney is running for Senator, right? Is it for the midterms? If so Christopher Cantwell's audience have the opportunity to vote for this great Republican - so great in fact that Trump seriously considered appointing him Secretary of State!    If you want to defeat the Democrats and the antifa, vote Romney. Ignore the dissonance. If you don't vote Gop then supporters of antifa will be in power! 
 				Would a nigger named Tyrone be right about anything? No. This guy is consistently wrong and always pushes defeatist crap. Dissavow! 
     We need the death penalty back these people in a place of worship and this evil man came in and started shooting 
 	A nigger shot up a church full of White people in 2017. Did you call for the same thing back then? or did it not matter cuz they're not jews and jews are special? 
 An Islamic woman running for Keith Ellison's seat in Congress is facing charges that she Married Her Own BROTHer. This is the Democrat Party, folks. Smh     
 	I'm white, a middle school drop out but holy shit is she far more hillbilly than I'd I've be caught dead as. 
 	I'm white, a middle school drop out but holy shit is she far more hillbilly than I'd I've be caught dead as. 
 The (((common denominator))) of All the subversion of white men.     
 	Because Lying cunt  like the tossspot in my meme squeal & play the victim like no other tribe on this earth.    
 A third of Hispanic immigrants are following the 19th century assimilation model and becoming Republicans. A third are sinking into America's hip hop underclass. The other third are so transient and disengaged from the country they're visiting that they're politically inert. 
 		I would also rather they not assimilate.  I'm just observing that rather than adding a "third race" to america's black/white dichotomy, they're drifting into whitening or blackening. Some Latin American immigrants are actually, factually White, but they're the exception, and I would also rather even the "bright 'n light" ones stay home. 
 			White Arabs practically run Latin America.  The Faggot Haddad opposing Bolsonaro, Shakira, Carlos Slim, . 
 "It's a trap!" - Admiral Ackbar 
 	Anorexic Cunt 
 		 
 		 
  
 	He is talking about the Dems, right? 
 		You sir, are retarded  
 He's going after that cunt Taylor Swift lol     
 He's going after that cunt Taylor Swift lol     
 Here's another in my almost world famous series of lost Uk tv gems of yesteryear that rarely get seen & would never get made today.   Today i give you Black Books, some believe Dylan Moran, who plays bookstore owner Bernard Black, is a character, however i can confirm this is actually Dylan in real life, zero acting here        
 	I watched all of these because Lineman made The It Crowd. 
 		Same here, big fan of his work, nice guy back then too, now massive Sjw twat of course,  who just got a visit from the cops, hoist by his own legislation.you reap you sow Glinner ol' son 
 		Same here, big fan of his work, nice guy back then too, now massive Sjw twat of course,  who just got a visit from the cops, hoist by his own legislation.you reap you sow Glinner ol' son 
 .@stephenharper on new Nafta deal: "Obviously the deal creates some difficulty for the [Canadian] government."  
 	Good. Who gives a fuck about that Sand Nigger country. 
 Back your accusations by telling everyone what my last name is you Pos otherwise Gfy you Pos Troll,that's all your ass does on here is flap that damn jaw and spew your Bs You Low Life Pos Nazi faggot wannabe .I bet mommy still has to wipe your ass for you  
 In anticipation of  release, I thought I'd create a poll on Queen's most overlooked/underrated song 
 	Faggot 
 Such faggot wow! 
  on     
 	And somehow idiots think it is a good idea to have niggers in the country. This is the average nigger. We have many millions of them . They will never change. They are savages because they were never meant to posses weapons like guns nor live amongst modern people.  Black people are like a genetic abnormality that is a small portion of the nigger population . Actually rejects as far as the niggers are concerned.  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Nigger with an I.Q. of 50! 
 	Agreed. While I'm glad to see already on-the-books immigration laws being enforced much more than they've been in the past, his platform of "hooray Israel" is shameful, to say the least.   While he's certainly a better option than Hillary, Trump's stances on the matter of Israel put a glaring spotlight of the deepest problem with Civic Nationalism. 
 			A false dichotomy for sure.  
 			This is why I said CivNat is a bad idea. Better than the other, worse choice? Why should we settle with that.   True leaders look out for their own, racial kin. They don't masturbate other peoples, and spend valuable resources helping non-kin. 
 				100%. I will not settle for a medicore authoritarian regime that spends 4 years undoing the intense fuck ups of the other regime every other turn. I don't want to give tax dollars to my own destruction. I want to check out, I want to cash out, and I want to step out. I want tribalism. 
 					One big step towards getting there is by reminding the Maga NPCs that all it will take is Globalists in this country winning big, once.   Meanwhile, what fickle power the "Conservatives" has must be maintained and pushed, election after election. Eventually, the retard-masses will win with the CivNat structure. 
 						Without a shadow of a doubt.  "Conservatives" aka republicans cheer like they hit a grand slam when they put a bandaid on an Aids sore, without realizing you have to treat the Aids itself. 
 							The sick joke is that Aids has no cure. The body carrying it must be completely disposed of, before it is allowed to breed with others. 
 			"That is a sick symptom of a dead or dying empire. "   The Us federation has been slowly dying since the 1965 Hart-Celler Act -- which has officially opened the immigration gates from the Turd World.   It has been time to prepare for racial separation ever since. 
 retarded Dem Leftist fake bomb sender.    " No,this package does not have a bomb!" 
 		I have an alibi, you waste of carbon footprint. Too bad they didn't send You a bomb. One that worked. 
 			I noticed in your bio that it says you're a "recovering liberal", which is fine because we all come from different backgrounds, but you're obviously still in recovery mode and have yet to beat the disease if you truly think people like myself are your enemy. All of the things you claim to hate have one very important thing in common, but you're still under kosher control, so you fail to recognize exactly what that is.   We, on the other hand, have diagnosed the disease and offer the remedy, while you'd rather spend your time complaining about the symptoms and wishing death on those of us who want to see them cured. There's a reason why Fascism and National Socialism are the most smeared ideologies by our real enemies. The reason is, they get to the core of our problems and offer an actual solution to them. I used to believe the lies surrounding both ideologies until I stopped consuming the kosher narratives about them and researched it for myself.   Once you realize that the main people who have been telling you about how "evil" those ideologies are, are also the same ones pushing everything you hate, then you might finally wake up and see things clearly. Instead of wishing death on me, I recommend you watch the, "The Ultimate Red Pill", documentary to get your feet wet and hopefully change your perspective on things.    
 				Your big mouth makes you my enemy. Stop blaming Jews for your lack of friends. 
 						Dino this guy is jewish. 
 						Dino this guy is jewish. 
 Mmm k. It's a man.    Any woman that supports transgenders is an idiot.    Transgenders undermine women. 
 	Another filthy faggot 
 Ice cold take of the day; rich liberals love illegal spic employees because they can berate them and use "La Migra" as a sword of Damocles to keep them in line. 
 Claire McCaskill Demands Investigation Into Project Veritas Videos  O’Keefe Responds.of course she does, she got busted!   
 	She gained her seat through Carl Rove. The Gop put up a retard and played a Msm meltdown on his dumb soundbite about not getting pregnant from rape, Mo is no brainer Gop land.  
 	She gained her seat through Carl Rove. The Gop put up a retard and played a Msm meltdown on his dumb soundbite about not getting pregnant from rape, Mo is no brainer Gop land.  
 thats one angry horsefaced cunt right thar,Lol 
 Minnesota Teacher Threatens To "Kill Kavanaugh" %e2%80%94 Doesn't End Well For Her  
 	"Who's going to take one for the team"  or as this retarded and supposed Teacher typed  "Whose gonna take one for the team"  I can let the "gonna" go, but not knowing the difference between whose and who's? How do these murderous, rampaging, war and fear mongering freaks get to teach kids anything?  
 	"Who's going to take one for the team"  or as this retarded and supposed Teacher typed  "Whose gonna take one for the team"  I can let the "gonna" go, but not knowing the difference between whose and who's? How do these murderous, rampaging, war and fear mongering freaks get to teach kids anything?  
    good article, many points 4 discussion. It Never should've been criminalized in 1st place.   De-Crim best way but Tax $ & DeRP votes = Trudo'h the boy blunder  Retard building the  while coddling criminals. Must  ! 
 Rt :    Speaking of witchcraft (as Vox does), my new book review of "The Coddling of the American Mind" explains how African beliefs in witchcraft might influence concepts like "systemic racism" and "implicit bias."     
 	call your nigger witch doctor white boy.maybe he can cure yo8r sick white ass. Lol 
 More evidence that we need to break up Google!   Google Exec. Responds to Brett Kavanaugh Confirmation: 'Abolish the Senate'     
 	Abolish Google, fuck these nigger faggots 
  you got any more quips, im bored 
 			Judaism is terrorism  . Jesus Christ jew, you have all but said it yourself with your self-identifying moniker.   Jew, what do my monikers mean? Call me Paul Dailey jew punk. Or call me absolutely anything you think will help you lose your f'n unstable and highly criminal mind.   Jew you suck rabbi dick spit'n swallow. Blow loads at your "Pals 
 lol 
 		Such meshuggeh. 
 		Such meshuggeh. 
    Why as you still peddling your bullshit and deceiving people?   Whats fucking going wrong in that head of yours?   Ive explained National Socialism to you a dozen times, my words are confirmed by Hitler, Heß and Sclachter!   But you persist in spreading your fucking idiotic fantasy, stop being a silly cunt will ya! 
 	So should we ban Boomers from having a platform otherwise they might send a bunch of bombs to Democrats? 
 		If Boomers were only half as mentally retarded as white supremacists, I'd say yes.  But unfortunately, nobody is even half as mentally retarded as white supremacists. 
 37 people on the postcode are unemployed. We know at least one thick cunt who's in that demographic 
 Shut the fuck up faggot 
 Faggot much? 
 Hey everybody. Been looking for an alternative to Zuckerberg's little anti-free-thought data mining operation. Thought I'd give Gab a try. So far looks good. Glad to be here, :) 
 		Truthfully, picking intellectual arguments with Socialists is kinda fun for me sometimes. :) 
 		Truthfully, picking intellectual arguments with Socialists is kinda fun for me sometimes. :) 
 Ma Gop governor supports trans anti-discrimination law  
 	If you get pulled over by the cops in Mississippi and tell 'em you're from Massachusetts it's like admitting you're a faggot and a communist. 
 Laquan McDonald's killing by police in 2014 underscored the rift between Chicago law enforcement and its community. Today Officer Jason Van Dyke was convicted of second-degree murder for it.  
 Laquan McDonald's killing by police in 2014 underscored the rift between Chicago law enforcement and its community. Today Officer Jason Van Dyke was convicted of second-degree murder for it.  
 Amy Schumer is a retarded fat cow.   These clowns will do anything for publicity    
 Elizabeth Warren really upset American Indians by claiming she was one of them because of her heritage - her approximately 1/1024th heritage, to be clear.   Love it when the Left eats their own. 
 	Next up for Dna test: Shaun King 
 		he's a nigger fuck him. kick his ass out of the white race the faggot race traitor. 
 	So says the 'Common Purpose' Puppet 
 	Dont useally comment on this, but He Stayed In His Car! his job is to respond not to shy away. He should be awarded the order of the Four white feathers! And then sacked. 
 	 
 	unpleasant and personalised I’d imagine the poor hero who died doing his job found the experience a damn sight worse than unpleasant and very very personalised   Do the likes of Dick really have their heads so far up their own arse that they really don’t understand how pathetic and loathsome they appear to the average citizen? 
 	what do you expect from a pig - but a grunt. 
 	Mackey was a lookout for the terrorists.  Nothing else explains his actions (non action really). 
 		He was the getaway driver 
 	she needs to be removed! common purpose at its finest 
 	trying to fn tell me off at the expense of a mother whos lost her son for a decade, fuck you 
 		Trying To Use A POWs poor Mother To Win A Gab Argument?    Fucking disgusting! Dude thats low for even you! She has suffered enough from media smears don’t you think? 
 			i have the entire conversation archived. Fn try me 
 				Fuck it man I haven't gotten into a street fight in ten years  Meet me halfway  I'm in Milwaukee  I'm calling you out faggot  
 Attempts by authorities and now it seems the government to attribute these crimes to one ethnic group does nothing to support these vulnerable women in the way of social services, mental health services or the resources needed by the police to bring all sexual predators to justice,.   Diane Abbott, the shadow home secretary, stressed in response.   adding that it stands to reason that the government’s efforts to resolve the issue of vulnerable women and girls being repeatedly ignored are not sufficient.   actually naming the problem "abacus" my old bint might be the first step Islam!   police and local authority failing monumentally to say Islam for thirty odd years.   nothing to do with resource, Politically Correct Bull Shit did it ffs.             
 	Muslims 
 	I would love to see Great Britain Rule again my friend.   And Fuck Roger Waters! 
 			I would just be happy to see them rule Britain and willing to stomp a greasy shitty mudhole in someone's ass that talked shit about the Union Jack or the St George banner. I would like to see John Bull remind that Bastards what's all this Then! 
 				I'm with you there  I'd love true patriots to take control of the Uk and kick Pc into touch  
 		I would just be happy to see them rule Britain and willing to stomp a greasy shitty mudhole in someone's ass that talked shit about the Union Jack or the St George banner.  I would like to see John Bull remind that Bastards what's all this Then! 
 		I would just be happy to see them rule Britain and willing to stomp a greasy shitty mudhole in someone's ass that talked shit about the Union Jack or the St George banner.  I would like to see John Bull remind that Bastards what's all this Then! 
 Vaguely related: is it against Gab's rules to post pictures that contain violent imagery (i.e.: someone being attacked) or gore (e.g.: traffic accident victim)? 
 	I've seen gore in the form of muzzie terror attack victims and beheadings show up in my feed. 
 		So did I; but I mean if it's actually allowed, since the loli stuff was being posted for a long time before administrators took action. 
 		So did I; but I mean if it's actually allowed, since the loli stuff was being posted for a long time before administrators took action. 
 How’s this for multiculturalism?   A set of Confederate flag jewelry (earrings & necklace) intended for the Arab market, made in communist China but priced in British pounds sterling, featuring Spongebob Squarepants on the packaging, for sale in a Pakistani convenience store.   If that isn’t an example of the wonders of global commerce, I don’t know what is. 
 		 
 		 
 Do we need to put this picture on a milk carton or issue and "Amber" alert. She hasn't been seen or heard from in more then 10 days. 
 	The lying cunt took her money and ran 
 Trudeau is a commie faggot.the wimpy canadians deserve this feminist cunt 
  
 	Lock This Satanic Cunt Up Already! 
  
 		Another faggot down! 
 Spare us that nonsense millions of eyewitnesses and films and photos and tons upon tons of physical evidence.   At Last Show Some Of This You Retard Cunt . millions of eye witnesses can you not see the problem . just show some  
 Case:  30 grand a day paid to a dyke to lie on teleprompter, and fantasise about eating pussy while you are reading Globalist Propaganda.  
 boy i'll tell ya this fucking dirtbag nigger traitor obama needs to shut his fucking mouth!hey you stupid nigger, the world knows you are the one that "makes stuff up" they know everything that comes out of your mouth is bullshit! i suppose i would be pissed too if i saw my legacy going down in flames because of a great patriot. trump! 
 I said over a year ago Michelle was going to run in 2020. I got told I was crazy.  Now Michelle is rebuking Hillary and Holder.  I'll see you next year when Michelle announces.   
 		mooch is a coward, he isn't even brave enough to chop off his dick like the other freaks. 
 		mooch is a coward, he isn't even brave enough to chop off his dick like the other freaks. 
 Cnn spent the last 72 hours:   - Calling Kanye West a token negro and other slurs live on air   - Bringing on a man who once made a sex tape with Kanye West’s wife to talk trash about him   - Referencing Kanye West’s dead mother, who Kanye was extremely close to and is sensitive about   - Calling him every name in the book   This is what happens if you dare to step out of line. 
 	What i find funny. I have not heard the word negro since maybe the 90s. I heard that and instanly said to my wife. They just called kanye a nigger on national tv. Sorry negro which for the uninformed is code for nigger. If say the donald called obama a negro the left would lose their minds. 
 You have done more to expose Andrew Torba as a complete incompetent fucktard than any other user in Gab history.   He is not quite as retarded as you, so he may be realizing this. 
 The Us Mint includes both the motto "In God We Trust" and the American flag on the moon landing 50th anniversary coin. Did this escape the inquisition, or Is it because only non cultmarx Whites are interested in American coins and commemoratives?       
 	They need to stop the idea of changing our $20 bill from Jefferson to this nigger 
 I'M Done. Wtf 
 		Mental illness and evil are hereditary. 
 		Mental illness and evil are hereditary. 
 "Ordered to pay Trump's legal fees"   Lolololololololololololololol   ** breath **   Lolololololololololololololol    
 	hhahahahahahahhahahahahhaha. just sell more twat 
 	hhahahahahahahhahahahahhaha. just sell more twat 
 F.O.R.D. = Full On Retarded Democrats 
 You must be retarded   What you're doing isn't  
 roseann show just Fucked up America conners you dont need tell me about faggot kids or fake death of Rosann and her show asshole hollywierd democrats ! 
 		If you had clicked on the red highlighted link, you would have read that he did kill her. "The mother of two, 31-year-old Amanda Petrowski, was pronounced dead on scene." 
 		Lay with dogs,you get flea's. She got what she asked for.  
 	Ppl on Gab love to pull this type of vapid "logic."  They'll show poaching in Africa and go "what savages!  We don't need this!"  But if some white hunter goes to Africa and kills the exact same lion, they're like "git er dun!  Yee haw!" and high five.  So you can tell they actually don't care about the lion, it's a tool they use for their stupid belief systems. 
 		This is what we do to May cut legs of and fucking head and stick.fucking nosie up cunt hole 
 64% of Hispanics have Iq scores too low to enter the military.     Source:  
 		Sadly the very best Dna was built across thousands of years of natural selection and survival of the fittest.  In a world where every spic maggot lives and has 10 kids, the very best Dna is recessive and fades into history. One of the fundamental rules of Thermodynamics is that all energy systems must fall to there lowest energy state eventually.  
    Babies falling victim to horrific Fgm in scandal which shames Birmingham! 
 	So we see a white babies foot to represent sand nigger Moslems, the dirty fucked up cult of Islam needs wiping from the face of the Earth! 
 Flat earthers full retard mode episode 1  via  
 12 Hours In BIRMInGHAM - woman murdered in ‘dispute’ 4 men arrested - man stabbed - drive by shooting by 2 men on a moped at a house in Alum Rock - man shot by police in armed raid - 3 men stabbed tonight outside McDonalds in Dale End.    
 	Send in the pigs to clean up this shit. Get rid every fucking raghead immediately.  
 Don, I love you because you're a low Iq twat  
  
 	Nigger beat your ass. 
 *Facepalm*   Toro has reached an all time low. Where is the Federal Bureau of Investigation when you need them? 
 		Right, because "commie" and "nigger" is so much more original. Jesus Christ you're retarded 
 Nancy Pelosi advocating the murder of the enemies of the Democrat party-   " if there’s some collateral damage for some others who do not share our view, well, so be it "       I've said it before, I'll say it again- that cunt needs to die 
 Rt ImAndrewMarcus    Oh god! Please let this sick old drunk woman run again!      
 	This evil cunt is taken too long to die. 
 Tucker Asks Jorge Ramos How Many Caravan Members He Was Taking In.  "You don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals  Someone better tell that to Mollie Tibbets and Kate Steinle   Things got awkward fast after Fox News host Tucker Carlson asked Univision anchor Jorge Ramos to state exactly how many caravan members He planned to personally take in.   Ramos, an outspoken immigration advocate, spoke with Carlson remotely on Tuesday from the caravan in southern Mexico. The Fox News host’s question came after the Univision host made several comments defending its members, including insisting unequivocally that none of them were from the Middle East.   How many of these migrants are you taking in personally into your home and are supporting once they get into the United States? Carlson asked.  I think that’s a great question and that’s precisely the kind of question that people like you ask when you don’t want to understand that this has nothing to do with individuals, responded Ramos. It has to do with nations. And what we have to understand is that these refugees are not a threat to the United States. I know that in Fox News   Before you attack Fox, this is a simple question, Carlson interrupted. How many are you taking in?   After a back and forth that included Ramos stating that immigrants’ desire to come is really a love letter to the United States, the Fox News host pressed again: I’m asking you a very simple question  How many of these migrants are you personally taking responsibility for? How many are going home to Jorge’s place in Miami at the end of the day? And please be specific.   I think that again this has nothing to do with individuals. I wish I could help all of them, responded Ramos.   How about three? asked Tucker.  After another dodge, Carlson told Ramos: I could count on you to do a stand-up next to them but probably not to help them, I noticed.   People are very upset about the migrant crisis, Carlson told the audience after Ramos had signed off. Not upset enough to help personally but upset enough to demand that you help. 
 	white spic was suppose to leave America! 
    This song makes me smile  
 				Ooookay genius. you’re what gives Gab a bad name.don’t be sending any bombs through the mail now. k? 
 					 
 					 
 John mayor shut the fuck up on Boris Johnson is a man not fucking loser cunt like u prick mouth stick together to speak like Michael Cain 
 Americans. Not Black Americans. Not African Americans. Americans. Americans.     
 	We All stand together to Maga 
 		Can't make America great unless the kike, nigger, & spic infestations are eliminated. White race traitors must be dealt with especially harsh. To make America great it must be White. As the country darkens so does our future. A brighter future requires a Whiter future.  
 What the Schiff? He must have gotten hacked. 
 		More Like A Fuckin Lying Ass Faggot 
 		.say the faggot on social media, not fighting for his country. Super Cunt 
     This particular group did a few punchy songs which remain classics to this day. This was one of them   Daddy Cool - Eagle Rock    
 		fuck off you limey suckin' kangaroo screwin' nigger lovin' outback homo 
 Democratic Senator Suggests Fbi Investigation Was ‘A Farce’      
 		Will it be a victory for feminism if women get the day of the rope too? 
 Comedian George Lopez Confronts Trump Supporter At Hooters . Try me next WETback punk . 
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke Found Guilty Of Second-Degree Murder      
 Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke Found Guilty Of Second-Degree Murder      
 "Never believe in anything until it is officially denied".  Otto von Bismarck.    Great friend of America who knew all about the conspiracies of elite inbred retarded scum all over Europe.also said:   "There is a Divine Providence that protects drunks, and the United States of America". 
 	I take it back a little,  there are some white hats but very rare. 
 	I take it back a little,  there are some white hats but very rare. 
 She sure did didn't she? 
 	Too bad Hanks is an asshole. 
 		I don't watch hollywood much either.  Off theaters for ten years or so because they show commercials. I have one for you, it's a short, 'The Accountant' This redneck accountant shows up at a family farm, takes Pbr as payment and is there to save the family farm.  
 May the cunt be raped with a broken bottle at the earliest opportunity! 
 Georgetown Supports Professor’s Right to Call for Castrating, Murdering White Men   
 	Any time that wretched cunt feels woman enough I invite her to step up. 
 All these super-pac million dollar attack ads are doing exactly what the retarded left has alleged that Russia did with $100,000 on Facebook.  
  Fucking hell MS13 and the slave trade. Also the tons of drugs and child slave trade was a problem. Oh wait there this cunt wants to be inaugurated witch only the president can have the honour.  
 	All That Wasted On A Useless Cunt 
 Portland Police Want To Charge Driver With Crimes After Escaping Mob Protest - Violent Protesters Considered "Victims"  via  
 	retarded police 
 Why would a journalist,go into an embassy,get in a fight and be killed by 15-18 guys! Who in hell they think theyre bullshittin! 
 	Tell me why I am suppose to give a shit about this sand nigger and not the other 200,000 that got their heads chopped off in the last 2 weeks?  Spare me the selective fake outrage.    Not our problem 
 Lindsey graham owning retarded liberals.    
 Twitter allows the Left to openly call for violence - but citing Fbi crime statistics will get you banned.   That’s okay, there’s one group of people that’s prepared for violence to escalate - and it’s not the group labeling everyone a fascist. 
 	When I see idiots like this posting that sort of crap I am amazed that in their minds they actually think they would survive things going full Shtf 
 		this meme is so funny. Pussy ass conservative get to feel like tough guys compared to this faggot (and doing nothing at the same time), and liberals enjoy the thought of killing everyone who doesnt think like goldfish. Literally win-win for both sides.  
 Portland Protester Tells Alleged 9/11 Widow That Her Husband Should ‘Rot In The Grave’      
 	Throat punch this faggot Five Finger Death Punch  Also a great band Ffdp 
 It makes you an asshole. 
 	 the Flaming faggot asshole kind, as well 
 Oh God shut the fuck up you mentally retarded jew 
 I understand your obsession with me.  I do have a magnetic personality. But I'm not a faggot like you.  So run along now. 
 	What a retarded asshole. 
 	I thought Kanye was /ournegro/? 
 		Is he? Does he support white nationalism?  
 		Can we not have Just one in the ethnostate? As a security guard at the main gate 
 		I'd rather make Kanye King of Wakanda.   He can go be Based somewhere else.  
 		Good come back. Lol 
 		wakanda: renamed wakanye :) sadly, the 'ol "muh based negro" trick, gets normies in the feelz! 
 		If he is a Marxist he would be a great king of africa to replace the martyred gaddafi 
 		Very true. And Kim Kardashian could be Cleopatra. And so Negro's = kangz at last. 
 	This    is why I don’t attend    Shit Gatherings Like These!   I’d take a baseball bat   to those Evil,   Faggot Cocksuckers!   Pure Child Abuse! 
 		Throw itching powder on them! 
 		I recommend Euthanasia for all types of disgraceful , disgusting , rancid , degenerate behaviour . Clear out the vermin . Do mankind a favour . . 
 			 
 		Anybody think they have enough ammo? 
 			Ammo is the same as Money!   No such thing as    Too Much !    
 		Fact. 
 		The parents of those children are disgusting. You would have to be braindead to allow your children to see that. 
 	I'll buy you a 1 way ticket to any Muzzie country of your choosing  
 Country Livin' Lessons Learned:   Here are a couple hard-won lessons, for anyone considering buggin out of the cities (may still be an important consideration.)   1) Always have a lethal weapon of some kind when you leave the front door.   2) Never ever ever take a good bottle of wine to a redneck party, most especially if you're not also taking a cork screw. 
 	3) Be sure and pee Before unrolling the fly strip and hanging it up in the window. (for the gals), 4) Don't leave those cute donkeys unattended in your yard.  5) Spectracide Brand Wasp and Hornet Killer, 29 feet of napalm. Be sure and shake the can first or it's just water.  
 		6)Thou shalt not position oneself between a cow and her calf. And my favorite , Applies only If you live outside the city limits, in the County:   7)If nobody saw it, it didn't happen.  
 		6)Thou shalt not position oneself between a cow and her calf. And my favorite , Applies only If you live outside the city limits, in the County:   7)If nobody saw it, it didn't happen.  
  Fetish skins?  they just look like faggot ass boneheads to me.  
 Everyone who chants "Shame" at political figures they hate is a twat . 
  raises minimum wage to pay low Iq complainers.to offset this they cut employee incentives and end of month bonuses      Bezos ain’t the richest faggot in the world for nuffin 
  
 	Who knew there were so many retarded women willing to embarrass themselves! 
    The Clash - Groovy Times 
 	faggot 
 	Wtf? Trump is Canadians' president too. Trump is Mexicans' president too. 
 				Lol, you think the Usa is in Central America? 
 					Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton, and the Muslim Brotherhood   
 			A Mexican is a Central American and Brazilians are South Americans as you can plainy see you have continental names then you have Nationalities Duh 
 				Mexico is a non united American state. They are independent of our overbearing federal government. 
 			Does "American" represent the United States of America or does it mean North American Continent? 
 				Lol I don’t wish to kill anyone. I’m just educating dumbasses that think America is Usa only. The Usa is made of states united. Non United States are still American states. It’s nothing to do with race. 
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	this is a great idea. now people can protect themselves from me. 
 		Turbo is a faggot 
 A lot of Whites still don't get it, you can't just go anywhere you please anytime you want and not expect to get attacked by wild nigger beasts.  We are Not all the same.  
    they vote democrat   like the eu   support tommy robinson   or Islamic as well   notice how they react if you expose tommy robinson   you get called a cunt   like exposing the democrats 
 Like basically the John Birch society except with more "Nigger Nigger Nigger" 
 Also Patron tastes like shit to anyone who isn't a nigger. Patron is pure nigger juice. Everybody talks about it like it's the best drink on the planet. I'll keep my white man drinks like vodka. 
 Jeremy Corbyn: children should be taught about the grave injustices of the British Empire.     
 		Fascism is another form of communism. Think state control, lack of individual rights. Everything done to further the Reich/ umah.  In any event my post (amusing though it was) did not mention Islamists (muslims) are you getting confused? Where is the muslim (islamist) angle to This? 
 		Fascism is another form of communism. Think state control, lack of individual rights. Everything done to further the Reich/ umah.  In any event my post (amusing though it was) did not mention Islamists (muslims) are you getting confused? Where is the muslim (islamist) angle to This? 
     Tommy Robinson Is Deceiving You 
 	Here's the female version. 
 		thats not big phil, cunt never takes his sas beret off 
 Some people think full retard mode is as low as you can go. Democrats always try and lower those barriers further  
 Rand Paul’s Wife Just Obliterated Cory Booker; The Epic Smack Down    
 	You actually expect a nigger to behave like a human being?  Please. 
 There are paid trolls here most likely working for Googlefacebooktwitter or some allied organization that are trying to make Gab look like a White Supremacist Nationalist site. I have seen this idea being promoted on other media sites. They want to discredit anything they can't control. 
 		Kind of reminds you of the liberal snowflakes."Racist"."fascist".etc. etc 
 		Kind of reminds you of the liberal snowflakes."Racist"."fascist".etc. etc 
 I'll just leave this here. 
 		Jeremy Corbyn being called a good guy?   That's like calling mussolini or Stalin good guys. Being convinced your ideology is right does not automatically make you good.   And if history has proved, beyond doubt, that your ideology is flawed & in fact dangerous, doubling down on Marxism makes you stupid or evil. Or both 
 				It seems you are a collectivist.  That ideology 'Collectivism, has led to the death of millions, you've been manipulated and duped by a flawed theory. 
 				I actually look at Facts!  Jews are responsible for all Wars and all Genocides!  But you will never look at Facts now will you?  It is not a theory, it is blatant Facts.  Jews are lefty commie Pigs!  They are responsible for over 100 million murders in the last Century.  But those again are Facts! 
 Same happened when I thanked that cunt on Tv for calling Trumps daughter a cunt, because I now had permission from regressives to call anyone I wanted a cunt.  I then called her a repulsive cunt. Banned. 
 Rt :    It's 's son's 7th birthday today &  is on national Tv saying Don's kids are potential future sexual abusers.   Are  &  ok with her attacking children in such a disgusting way? If a Repub said this about Obama's grandkids, they'd be fired.  
 	Whoopi Goldberg Is Nothing Other Than A Dumbfuck Nigger ! 
 The memes are outstanding today! 
 	Very certain that if this muzzie coward communist traitor made a bomb, it would look like these.  If questioned about the bombs he’s still going to say you didn’t make that. He can’t help it. 
 What is sad is its idiots like that who fucked us.they say dont lynch niggers fair trails etc. we do and look what happens nigger city Detroit become rape capital of the world. Its not racist when your right   
 >praising a nigger   >the absolute state of white nationalism    
  
 	Known in the Uk as, Faggot Attractors 
 Abc Executives Regret Firing Roseanne, Fear 'Connors' Spin-Off Series will Flop    
 	Oh now they regret firing Roseanne? Where the hell were they when people were boycotting Abc for months on end? Where the hell were they when Roseanne announced that she would move to Israel until the show is canceled? That nigger president should have just slapped Roseanne with $1 million fine. 
 Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!  Donald J. Trump added,   Doug Millst   .@Flotus holds a 6month old baby at the Greater Accra Regional Hospital in Accra, Ghana. The First Lady handed out teddy bears and Be Best-themed blankets donated by the White House to young children and their mothers.     6:13 am - 2 Oct 2018 From Houston, Tx   10:22 am - 2 Oct 2018 
 		Don't need to mute him. Sure his anti-White racism (I like pro-White racism/racialism) is perverse, but he only commented once to one of my posts. Perversity & racial treason is the norm for christ-insanity faggots.  Being a nigger & kike lover is as sick as it gets. Many niggers even hate niggers. Thanks for the concern though Charles  
 Facebook is teeming with fake accounts created by undercover law enforcement officers. They're against the rules  but cops keep making them anyway.  
 	There are 800 in London along as the wee dyke running the Met has them trolling for any statements Muslim find offensive. They are building files on anyone like Shaun Bailey that speak out against the crime Muslims cause. 
 That nigger would be shown, if that turns out to be true, that he bleeds red just like everyone else. Good excuse to get rid of him and his pet tranny. 
 I've seen this shit circulating and you'd have to be a fucking retard to not understand the (((math))) involved here. 61mil Ss recipients totals $732billion/year. We have 5 former Presidents for a total of $2.5mil; which would not even cover a drop in the bucket of Ss. Don't get me started on how the average person who works full time only pays in $2k/yr. 
  
 	.Ms. Francis. The gulf between the insane and the sane is ever widening.  
 			This is how the threat from tranny/homo/pedo freaks should be handled. You want to take your dick into a girl’s locker room because you call yourself a woman? Good, then I’ll walk my dick in right behind you, beat the fucking sense into you, and drag your degenerate ass back out.   Keep doing this until their suicide rate is 100%. 
 Let me be clear, we must no-platform fascists, we must shut the door in the face of hate, division and intolerance. We must stamp it out and fight against it around the world - and we must fight the dark possibility of a dangerous racist in Boris Johnson walking into Number 10 right here in the Uk.   and so democratic! he dont like any thing you say no debate no counter argument, He decides if you can speak!   no-platforming people because of his intolerance of them is so inclusive and will bring people together!   this is the nonsense he constantly spouts this shit.            Read more at:  
 	Start with that cunt and everybody that voted for him 
 She wins stupid Cunt of the Day! 
 I'll never look at a bag of onions the same again  click on pic 
 	Dressing Like A Nigger Slut ! 
 I've only been on Gab for about a week but so far here are what I see.  * the level of discourse is much lower than twitter   *Not many liberals here   *full of antisentites, Nazi's, racists, white supremisits ect   *seems to only survive because of the bias of twitter 
 		Yepper. :-) 
 		Yepper. :-) 
 Oh dear. 
 	Have an abortion if it’s a male baby inside of you to prevent him from turning into a rapist. Too many risks involved with having a boy. But if you can’t abort, use formula to polute his body & make him an obese baby. Don’t give him them the necessary organic nutrients from your own body. I’m a dumb feminist cunt who hates men!  This is all I heard. 
 Everyone wants to die     
 	Nigger the Us has killed millions. Stfu reddit. 
 Rt :    New: Lottery Officials: If there is no jackpot winner for tonight’s $1.6 Billion Mega Millions drawing, the jackpot for Friday’s drawing will be $2 Billion with a cash value of $1.142 Billion 
 	I hope a Nigger doesn't win. It makes me sick when I see a black Nigger holding up the lottery check. 
 Macron with his convicted criminal nigger toyboys   
 I'm posting under my own name. You're the Coward, "White Dragon". I have no obligation to agree with chicken-shit morons just because you claim to be white. I'd bet there's a little nigger in you. 
 	Lasst doch bitte endlich mal diese Neger in Ruhe. Frau Merkel hat sie eingeladen. Die dürfen hier tuen was sie wollen. Deutsche, bitte Klappe halten.  
 		Lasst doch bitte endlich mal diese Neger in Ruhe. Frau Merkel hat sie eingeladen. Die dürfen hier tuen was sie wollen. Deutsche, bitte Klappe halten. 
 			Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 		Nen Axtgriff oder ein altes Heizungsrohr wirst du doch rumliegen haben 
 		Ich hab sogar nen Axtgriff mt dem Eisen vorne dran :-) Aber das ist doch sich sicher inzwischen verboten, oder? 
 	frisch aus dem Knast entlassen - vergewaltigt er gleich die nächste 21-Jährige. 
 		Auch der Hochpotente muß in Übung bleiben! 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
  
 	Lefties aren't strangers to violence. After all, their main goal in life is to kill babies. It's all they ever talk about. 
 		The left only wants violence that has no consequences. Paid protesters know they will get a top quality jew lawyer if caught, that's why a jew dyke is willing to stab a cops horse to favor sharia law. 
 		Lol I’ll be sure to tell my wife! Dumbass. you done? 
 				Wannabe. Go back to your basement. 
 					What do I wannabe? You’re a fucking liberal 
 						Rofl! 
 								Ok cupcake if you say so.    
 											Caught you fat antifa scum.  
 So this libshit crone gets back on the tweeter after death threats? Jack is a faggot he hasn’t learned shit. 
 	Isn’t that dumb twat Canadian?  
 	Isn’t that dumb twat Canadian?  
 The Suicide Rate is actually a Million Times Higher with Faggot Liberals such as yourself.  :  Most of us White Nationalists have Good Jobs & are Happy because we Don't use Drugs, Marry Evil Jew Wenches (or Niggers) or Deal in anything that Makes Life Miserable. We are here to Save our White Race out of Sheer Gratitude & Love for said Glorious White Race. 
 Signs of bizarre nigger thinking.    
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Wow the dirty cunt is mad that ppl are sending her threats. I wouldn't have threatened you I Would Have Beat Your Ass And Put Your Bitch Ass Through Your Desk Sugar! 
 Unless I post this, everyone but me is going to be a gigantic asshole to kids with problems this Halloween, yelling at the autistic ones to hurry the fuck up and mocking all the cripples for walking all stupid 'n shit. 
 	God getting in a libz head for just a second is a retarded scary place. 
 	God getting in a libz head for just a second is a retarded scary place. 
 	Martin Luther was right also! 
 		Where do you get these Jew Lies?  The catholic church as been compromised for a long time and obviously the Vatican is patently Satanic now.  Martin Luther was 100% right and the Pamphlet "The Jews and their Lies" should be required reading for all Christians as it echos what Jesus taught us about the fake Jews and their father the devil.  But the Satanic Jews will weasel their way into anything wholesome and destroy as they are obviously parasitical cancer.  Nothing changes the Fact that the people who call themselves Jews but are not are sub human feral beasts and a completely inferior species.  They are retarded but the inverted satanic world was created around these low Iq robots.  You were wrong about Voltaire and I don't believe you here either.  You believe Jew Lies as they always rewrite history to take out all the scum that they do! 
  
 	So how is it with faggot Muslims? They throw themselves off the roofs? 
 	"The Ceo is only one man in a company of millions. There's no way he can control anything!" 
 		control and employment are hardly the same thing, nice try though 
 			That's the whole point, Jay. Jews control the banks, Wall Street, the money supply, and consequently Western media and politicians. This is becoming common knowledge.  You cannot possibly be as stupid as you seem.  
 				it's only "common knowledge" among those desperate to rationalize their distorted view of Jews 
 						Vanity Fair? 
 								Most of the Jews you refer to are also flaming progressive fanatics   their debauchery has Far more to do with their progressivism than them being born to Jewish parents 
 																	You running your cocksucker helps expose kike shills such as yourself. Lololol. 
 me 
 	@a @u @e why are you allowing child porn by cartoon on here? 
 			for some reason, you want everyone to know that you like to masturbate to children. 
 					When you are taking flakk from pedophiles, you know you are above the target. 
 							keep going.  You will be on a database by the end of the day at this rate! 
 									Database Database Just Living In The Database Woah Woah 
 									I'm pretty sure we live in a matrix, we are all database. 
 										I thought I was energy 
 										Database Database Just living in the Database - woah!  
 										Database Database Just living in the Database - woah!  
 	I want Canada to pay for the buses. 
 		They probably would. 
 	I usually would oppose that, because I am Canadian, but I hate To right now for their stupidity that will cost the whole province dearly, so I support that plan. The sooner Toronto is sunk, the sooner pple will wake up and vote the right way. 
 	I usually would oppose that, because I am Canadian, but I hate To right now for their stupidity that will cost the whole province dearly, so I support that plan. The sooner Toronto is sunk, the sooner pple will wake up and vote the right way. 
 My Dna Tests Are Back, I'M 0.1953125% Mexican! Taco Bowls For Everyone!     
 	Lolololol Ole’ ! 
 			Hahahah yes you can !  Have at it ! 
 			Hahahah yes you can !  Have at it ! 
    Thought I would bring y'all a little sunshine today.  
 	Laughing. So. Hard.    Top influencer, my ass.oh God.she's a legend in her own demented little mind.    I almost miss her, Violet.almost. 
 			You just summed that up nicely, Dave 
 			You just summed that up nicely, Dave 
 Liberals stop being such fans of women when the woman is Ann Coulter. They stop loving black people when it's Candace Owens. Liberal "tolerance" is about power. 
 		Don't forget " House Nigger " 
 Our enemies are resorting to violence in the streets and calling for election boycotts, while the most notorious accelerationists amongst us are now calling for you to become the State.    
 	If even James Mason is telling his readers to capture control of the Gop, you siege-posters are out of excuses for rewarding anti-white extremists with the objective of subversive acts intended to disenfranchise you.    The Gop is the party of white people. None of us can afford to let our enemies just Have it without a fight, and we certainly can't afford to let the Democrats hand control of the state over to non-white invaders.   You want accelerationism? You get that by winning. Not by pretending that you're doing your folk a favor by losing on purpose 
 			Btw, I've yet to see either cuckwell or ricky howe address the fact that the r party is now aggressively courting the spic vote. How are you gonna spin that fbi shill n001 and n002? 
 Madness In Court! Uk law really Is an ass!   Time that those retarded Judges were shipped off to the planet they live on and the People decide the sentence. This judge is criminally InSANE. This scumbag should be locked away - permanently!    
 	common purpose lunacy 
 	Ffs seriously, come on!  I'm living a nightmare.  
 	Tattoo his forehead. 
 		A .45 would do that job nicely.it would be a kindness - to society! 
 		Amen! 
 	This is a difficult one .He has not been convicted of anything .but the police have brought a civil action with criminal consequences .An injunction .effectively .This is arbitrary law and undesirable .I agree the guy is a candidate for post natal abortion-but I dislike this judicial shortcut . 
 	lol, so he has to tell the police "oh im having sex now, i might infect this person with Hiv" wtf like? so he can spread it? 
 	lol, so he has to tell the police "oh im having sex now, i might infect this person with Hiv" wtf like? so he can spread it? 
 Shit for brains twat muted 
 Shit for brains twat muted 
 The Democrats' have every intention on destroying America.    They can’t be bargained with.    They can’t be reasoned with.    They don’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear.    And they absolutely will not stop, ever, until America has fallen.       
 		Racist Jews run the Racist brainwashed retarded monkey brain Npc human sewage Democrats! 
 		When I found out deray was an actual faggot, after calling him a faggot on twitter when it was ok to do it, I was mad because calling a faggot a faggot isn't fun.  
 I don't know enough to spin a conspiracy theory on this yet, but I gotta say, this is beginning to feel like election interference from an intelligence agency.   In the fourteen months since Charlottesville there hasn't really been a major violent incident from our side, right?   Then, <2 weeks before the midterms, we get the "Maga Bomber" who supposedly sent fake bombs to prominent Democrats, left Dna and fingerprints all over the things, and had a van covered in Trump shit, but only followed Democrats on Twitter.   Immediately after that, the "All Jews Must Die!" synagogue shooter, opens fire on a bunch of praying kikes without any specific provocation, then does battle with responding officers,using the Democrat's favorite firearm, the Ar-15. And of course, with absolutely no plans of escaping.   At this rate, we'll wake up Monday to news of an actual slave plantation kidnapping negroes and making them pick cotton manually, then throw it away, just for the joy of oppressing them.    By Wednesday they'll be parading some other patsy around, claiming he was building gas chambers in his basement, with wooden doors of course, in a poorly constructed plan to carry out the final solution.   By Friday we'll be hearing about a Tinder rapist who confesses to a hundred rapes in the name of "Thot Patrol". 
 	We got big problem with old guys that get redpilled and go crazy. That is why having some community and support in Rl is the most importand. Build strong support networks bec some ppl just cant take it and go off. 
 		lmao you retard how old are you ? just another isolated crazy oldfag trying to act hard, that retard didnt help anybody with his actions 
  
 	The Nigger wont be happy untill Your head is on a Spear. Learn to Fight, Learn to Fight in the Most Dirty of ways. Trump isnt going to be around forever. Byron de la Vandal  
 Friend Is Coming     Luv by Preloc  10 views   Ooooooo   xxxxxxx   [Why you murder incalculable number over and over cunt why?]   Friend Is Coming  Copyright 2018 - 4:12 Pm Oct 20   by Loki Abd Taus   The Most High God   Friend   Melek Taus   Johan Liebert   Special Thanks to NAoki Urasawa 4 NoT AttMTpt 2 Sue Me Or Diz 
 	ehhehehehehehhehehehhehHEHEHHEHEHE KEKEKEKEKEKEKKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKk 
 	ehhehehehehehhehehehhehHEHEHHEHEHE KEKEKEKEKEKEKKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKk 
 Best Koreans seeing K-Pop for the first time. 
 	That's sort of my reaction when I hear nigger music.  I feel you.  Sorry about that.    signed -The West  Ps  Nuke Hollywood, I'm serious. 
 		She can't afford a bastard wash the filthy fat cunt  
 Says the token Negroes from Cnn.   
 		Hey neighbor, lived in Central Islip,  Brentwood and Bayshore myself. 
 		Hey neighbor, lived in Central Islip,  Brentwood and Bayshore myself. 
 Trump Rejects ’60 Minutes’ Pressure, Promises Border Fixes    Trump destroyed that ib twat on 60 minutes, love it.    
 I have a few questions for Mr Sessions & Mr Wray   1) Mr Wray since when did they become Ied?    2) Since you said that "Friction" can cause these Ied to explode, do you know how roughly Mail is handled sir?   3) Mr Sessions how exactly did they go through the Usps when All Of Them Are Void Of Cancelation Marks?   4) Nypd Commissioner You released those pics of the "bomb", you did Not have jurisdiction Fbi has jurisdiction, so either you did what you wanted to Or Mr Wray broke protocol on "bomb" investigations which is it sir?   5) Mr Sessions, Mr Wray & Secret Service, Since when do you tail a "bomb" suspect who "targeted" 2 former Presidents for 3 days?  Allowing him to mail more bombs of which you made sure to note aren't "hoax" bombs and are very "volatile"?   6) So you don't know if they'll explode or not yet they're extremely volatile Mr Wray, you can't have both   7) Mr Wray Mr Sessions can either one of you explain how exactly it was that he was never pulled over for having his view obstructed by all those neatly placed and brand new "stickers"? Especially since the view of police being able to see the inside of the van was severely obstructed   8) Mr Wray Mr Sessions either one of you wanna tackle this one, On Twitter he only follows 32 ppl and they're all Leftist Lena Dunham, Ocrapper, etc, I'm a Proud Trump SUPPOrTER and Never followed any leftist let alone the ex squatter   9) Mr Wray Mr Sessions how many times are y'all gonna change the "details"?   10) This is not a question just a comment that was the most Factless conference despite all this "overwhelming" evidence I've ever seen, Not to mention I'm surprised none of you broke your arms patting yourselves on the back while you devoid us the answers to common sense questions like the ones I listed. Don't worry we will get the truth ourselves thank you! 
 	Now you can tell Q to fuck off, since that idiot has so much love for sessions! 
 		fucking  cunt 
 		fucking  cunt 
 The fate of the HB8. End of the line for the HB9. Diversity + Proximity = War. #D+P=W         @3DAngelique 
 		Thousands of years of breeding, versus four units of diversity and a stone. End diversity now! 
 		Innocence especially, plus beauty and goodness, the presence of which, triggers shame and remorse in the guilty and owner of a filthy, corrupt soul. Defiling the object which triggers self-loathing is much easier for shutting off awareness of evil within than to makes changes to remove the inner darkness.  
 		i think the problem is that niggers don't think. There's no inner voice. They act on instinct, and their instincts are demonic. 
 Philly Yes!  
 	should replace it with a statue of an old nigger smoking crack to really capture the spirit of the city.  
 302 pussyheads arrested protesting Kavanaugh (assuming megafauna Amy shumer only counts as one) 
 	She's just a dyke that thinks she is a comedian (not comedienne)   
 Just had a 38 yr old trooper ,father of 2 killed by a frkn lowlife thug in a stolen car .   Remember who is out there everyday ,who you call .    Fuck you ,   If you don't back the blue ! 
 	shitbama the nigger moslem fraud Made This 
 Pre-sale tickets are listed for as much as $228.44 for an appearance with bill&hillary clinton as they travel to over a dozen places like Vegas,Toronto,Nyc,Detroit, Philadelphia, Boston, La, Washington, Dc.  From half a million to $228 for a speech, oh how the mighty have fallen 
 	what fucking retards would pay to see an ol horsefaced murdering cunt and a rapist? 
 The last one should be stupid retarded fool/moron.   
 		Where have I mentioned anywhere about killing white men? Christ, you NatSocs really like your strawmanning tactics as much as you love labelling everybody a "Jew". 
 			And every cunt despises your ideas already because they resulted in a World War, so good luck getting any support for your bullshit cause. 
 				What war would that’ve been? 
 					WW2. Because that's when NatSoc/Fascism reared its ugly head. Are you so dumb you had to ask me which war your stupid ideology came to power?   Christ, inbreeding really has some severe side-effects. Wow. 
 						You said that it caused a war. So I asked you which war it caused. It was the governing system of some of the participants in WW2, but it didn’t cause any war? For someone who doesn’t trust governments, you sure believe everything that they tell you. Lol. 
 							Uhh, no because if I believed government propaganda, I'd already be a socialist or some stupid shit like that. 
 								  You unquestioningly believe the government’s official narrative about the events surrounding World War Ii. As an anarchist shouldn’t you examine all the information from all sides, and make your own determination? Or will you just accept what your told? 
 						You can blame Gta 4 for that. Lmao 
  brutality in  at  protest against extremism. Police do nothing at  or  protests, yet behave as thugs towards the working class. If you can identify this thug, tell .    
 	Can't understand why no one knocked his Cunt in. 
 	Can't understand why no one knocked his Cunt in. 
 It is official Elizabeth Warren is whiter then most of the  
 		Wow admits to homosexual tendencies so easily! 
 		Wow admits to homosexual tendencies so easily! 
 I bet y'all already heard about this one. No?  I wonder why that could be    His Name is Connally Klein: 52-year-old White Male Pushed into Traffic and Murdered by Black Woman in Dallas.    
 	Public hanging for this nigger sow. Let it be a short drop so she twists for a while. 
 Lindsey G. displaying Dgaf.   The man is taking T supplements.  Or McCain is no longer doing him in the ass.  Or something.   At any rate, it's kind of amazing    
 	I never thought I would choose to vote for a faggot but this one is worth keeping in Dc 
 you shit stained little cum guzzling retarded ass maggot. 
  
 		But their kids did.  
 		mine didn't he went over there to kill them. 
 		mine didn't he went over there to kill them. 
 Just baffling how people support a pathological liar. 
 		Did they actually insinuate that? 
 			Imho yes. It can be insinuated/extrapolated etc that by saying Trump is a "pathological liar" that their side Ie: Dnc  are not. Seems fairly clear. Not to mention the Op seems to be a Democrat shill generally. 
 				I think that all politicians are liars. Often, when I criticize trump, and Obama before him, some people assume that I am for what they see as the opposition. For example, if I say that trump’s tariffs are destroying wealth, some idiot assumes that I’m saying Obama never destroyed wealth, which is ludicrous. 
 					I am fairly confident that the Op is a leftist/Dnc shill. But your general point is well taken.No one is immune from criticism not Trump not anyone. 
 			They're trying to turn this conversation from Lieawatha to Trump and make it all about him. Don't let them. 
 				Individuals decide what they want to talk about. Nothing I can do. 
 					Agree that you don't control the conversation, but we can all keep to the storyline and not let the conversation be hi-jacked. Have a great day. 
 						We could, but I like it to play out naturally. 
 						We could, but I like it to play out naturally. 
 First snowfall of the season.  Long drive home from work was spent counting the out of state license plates that were spun out on the side of the very slick roads.  Final tally was 16.   All wheel drive doesn't mean all wheel stop, lol. 
 	Have driven in Chicago snow my whole life in front wheel drive sedans. At this point, no difference to me.  
 		Lol, oh it's the same around here. People seriously become partially retarded once it starts snowing. It's very easy to spot who's from around here and who isn't. 
 	This is who they all are.   Andy Cohen who rose out of absolutely no where, the Faggot Maggot on the depraved Bravo Channel  trotting out Goyim = Housewives Shows & others . He even posted on twitter he hates all White People.  Cocaine drug head & pedophile like all of them. 
 I have no guilt and no shame for anything I've said here on Gab.    I'm just a shitposter, simple as that.    But I'm under no illusion that if the Commies were in power right now, I'd be knees down in a ditch catching a bullet with the back of my head.    So that means I'll be fighting for free speech even harder now. 
 	I nor any other gab user or the platform itself are responsible for the actions of a lunatic leftist national socialist the man hated Trump hated Jews that's not down to us or gab it's down to him and his hateful ideology but every national socialist on this platform should now understand they are skating on extremely Thin Ice 
 		That word "leftist national socialist" alone . However, I'm not really blaming you because your post just reflects one of the biggest problems of our time: that we've become so brainwashed and degenerate that we're resorting to virtue signalling and mindless attacks on perceived `enemies` instead of thinking for ourselves. You obviously have no idea what National Socialism was really about - but that's no surprise considering how hard the establishment pushed to prevent you from finding this very truth. But you are right on one important issue - you cannot blame an entire group for the actions of individuals (who may not even be part of that group). I suppose you're talking about that "Boomer Bomber" - there have been some great discussions about this recently, for instance both on Red Ice and on Jf's show with Dr. David Duke this Friday. 
 				Thank you my friend for admitting that you do not have any arguments as well as confirming that my post has put you under some immense emotional stress - or else you would not have resorted to using two insults, two spelling errors and let's not even talk about your grammar. 
 					I have no arguments for people like you as far as I'm concerned people like you should go quietly into history where you belong and let's get one thing straight I'm not your friend I couldn't care about my grammatical errors just like I don't care about you 
 						Okay, so don't have any arguments against National Socialism, you don't want to discuss it - but still you want it to . silently disappear, I suppose? Why exactly would I "quietly go into history" just because you wish so? 
 							Your argument is quite simple the Jews did it the Jews did everything the Jews are the problem well  Muslims ain't Jews and I don't blame the Jewish people for the actions of a small clique the Rothschild banking cartel and George Soros and the people that back his causes 
 								Let me rephrase and reiterate my question then - I asked you what you know about National Socialism and what your arguments are against it.  I am also puzzled and confused about your "Muslims ain't Jews" statement (Fwiw why would anybody claim otherwise?) - could you please explain this? 
 									Well if you can't work out what I've said I'm not gonna bother talking to you like I said Muslims ain't Jews think about that for the day I like I said I don't blame the Jewish people for the actions of the Rothschild central banking cartel and George Soros 
 										Well, I fully agree with you that Muslims are not to blame for any actions committed by non-Muslims (which obviously includes Jews because Jews are not Muslims). Furthermore, I could even agree that Jews as a whole are not to blame for the actions of individuals (who just happen to be Jews by coincidence) - but would you hold this as a universal principle?  For if you did, then you'd surely agree that Germans (or even National Socialists) are not to blame for actions committed by some individuals (who just happen to be National Socialists by pure coincidence)? 
 											I hope I was to too harsh on this Npc; it was one of the more entertaining species - actually pretending to argue with me on this fascinating topic - though it was obviously unable to deviate from its master's programming which only left it with a very limited set of actions. 
 											I hope I was to too harsh on this Npc; it was one of the more entertaining species - actually pretending to argue with me on this fascinating topic - though it was obviously unable to deviate from its master's programming which only left it with a very limited set of actions. 
 Cunt 
 Hillary the cunt 
 Strange how this does not apply to critics of Islam !  Baroness Sayeeda Warsi has said the Uk must not become a country that polices thought and speech, and Muslims who say potentially extreme things should be forgiven.    
 	how does a bint like this get to be a baroness ? 
 Cheers!  World's most expensive bottle of whisky sells for $1.1M at auction.    
 	this is when you know the world is fucked up. Children of decent hard working families in the Uk Usa go hungry, old people freeze to death in winter because they cannot afford heating then celebs get 15 million a movies and some cunt can pay over a million dollars for a bottle of plonk.  
 Fact , The Most Racist countries on the Planet are Nigger Countries , number one was India , then asian shitholes , they,re just a bunch of hypocrites  
 You useless cunts abuse that money and power too keep other who dont like your ugly fuckin cunt faces on our television screens 24/7, by harassing us buying houses here, and fuckin vandalizing and shit by paying others to do it like fuckin bunch of wuss pussies  
  leaders want to build massive new  in  as the number of  is growing          
 	fuck Islam Mohammad was nothing but a dog fucking retard  
 	 
 	 
 	It's been over 24 hours of not being slammed with that fairy gay faggot tranny porn shit. 
 Who Killed Abu Bin Seth Al Richi? 
 	Some cunt named Clinton  
 Stupid loud mouth screaming feminists.Please choose taking responsibility for your actions, better education or  birth control Not murder! 
 	your baby thinks your a retarded kiler 
 Everyone was retarded at one point. The only question is: when truth comes knocking at the door, will you listen?  Dunno who said it but "Anyone who is not left wing as a child is heartless, anyone who is not right wing as an adult is brainless" is pretty spot on (but we can discuss how inaccurate it is becoming as people, especially children, are waking up).  
  
 		I cancelled mine about the same time. 
 		I dropped mine after the Academy awards. 
 		Cancelled mine when they put on Dear White People. 
 		Cancelled mine when they put on Dear White People. 
 Remember when civics was taught in school so people, theoretically, understood how the country worked and why it was that way? 
 	Civics wasn't about politics, it was about the crafting of the Constitution and Why it was written that way. The idea was essentially to create government ala Rube Goldberg where every piece would jealously protect it's power from the other pieces.  Sadly, they couldn't envision the mess we've made of things. 
 	Civics wasn't about politics, it was about the crafting of the Constitution and Why it was written that way. The idea was essentially to create government ala Rube Goldberg where every piece would jealously protect it's power from the other pieces.  Sadly, they couldn't envision the mess we've made of things. 
 i am last millennium as well i expect people to be consistent and to think instead of screech and throw shit like retarded monkeys on crack 
 Maybe because her Dnc lawyers jumped ship on her 10 minutes ago? 
 		She gets an extra-large "I'm with her" t-shirt and a Pbs "Abortion Now!' totebag. 
 		She gets an extra-large "I'm with her" t-shirt and a Pbs "Abortion Now!' totebag. 
 "For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth."Romans 1:16 (Kjv)   
 	>worshipping the mystical sky faggot Actually being this mentally ill 
 No we aren't silent.  #5GKills    5G developed in Israel but will not be used in Israel. Why?   Trump Administration Backs Deadly 5G Technology, and His Supporters Are Silent      Emf Scientist     Man-made electromagnetic fields impact all living organisms, acting first on the unit membrane. We must reduce our dependence on  'wireless'  technologies, reduce the numbers of masts (i.e., cell towers), of Wi-Fi apparatus, of cordless phones and so on, and clearly indicate, in public spaces, the intensity of the ambient electromagnetic field.   Prof. Marie-Claire Cammaerts, PhD., Free University of Brussels, Faculty of Science, Belgium.  Email: mtricot@ulb.ac.be       1st 5G Rollout in Ca Causing Brain Damage to Firefighters (Mirrored From aplanetruth)      5G mobile revolution designed in Israel    
 		The Damaging Effects Of 5G WiFi On Your Health   You can access hundreds of these scientific papers and read more here, just click on the science section and under each heading, there are links directly to the research. If you click on the drop-down tab, a list of scientific references as documentation appears.    Scientists warn that 5G tech found in WiFi street lamps is causing insomnia, nosebleeds, and stillbirths  
 		The Damaging Effects Of 5G WiFi On Your Health   You can access hundreds of these scientific papers and read more here, just click on the science section and under each heading, there are links directly to the research. If you click on the drop-down tab, a list of scientific references as documentation appears.    Scientists warn that 5G tech found in WiFi street lamps is causing insomnia, nosebleeds, and stillbirths  
 	not as retarded as the middle class ofc 
 You’re a fucking faggot torba 
 Dave Hogue is a Design Lead at .    
 		.he's also a delusional twat 
 	"We" Conservatives don't hate Blacks, at all! We hate anti-American Pos who vote (and act) against the American way, like Obama. And McCain was one of those Pos! Yes, there are many racist and Neo-Nazi's here on Gab, but like moving to a new town, you have to search-out like minded people. .Welcome to Gab! 
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 America-Hating Marxist Black Supremacist Eric Holder  the Only Sitting Attorney General in History to be Held in Contempt of Congress for Lying  Questions the ‘Legitimacy’ of Supreme Court After Justice Kavanaugh Confirmation   
 		Eric holder is a nigger piece of shit as is the lump of shit standing next to him 
 Colorized Hitler Youth video. (2:58)   Compare & contrast with today's youth. (Well, really, as you will see, there is no comparison.)          
 		Hitler's ideal for the : "Swift as greyhounds, tough as leather, and hard as Krupp steel." Contrast with the young people that liberal democracy has produced. 
 		Hitler's ideal for the : "Swift as greyhounds, tough as leather, and hard as Krupp steel." Contrast with the young people that liberal democracy has produced. 
 Whack job.     
 		Blew a little coffee on that one . 
 		Blew a little coffee on that one . 
  
 	>house nigger who's owned by mamzers >a free thinker  pick one 
        
 	She meant to say jews but the dumb nigger got confused. 
 	Still are a weakling who is ruled over by . who is that rules you? Purely because you are a weakling. I am a epileptic cripple who shits bigger than you. 
 	Still are a weakling who is ruled over by . who is that rules you? Purely because you are a weakling. I am a epileptic cripple who shits bigger than you. 
 Yeah, I've done that . and worse. 
 	Done that at work. Welded a socket on one end of a pipe, fashioned a socket for the other end over a foot long for tightening conveyor belts. Painted it all up in gold and red with a label that said Redneck Tool Company, ---------- Il. Fun to make and functional. Used a Craftsman socket so it was Lifetime Gaaaaarunnnnnnteed. 
 	Done that at work. Welded a socket on one end of a pipe, fashioned a socket for the other end over a foot long for tightening conveyor belts. Painted it all up in gold and red with a label that said Redneck Tool Company, ---------- Il. Fun to make and functional. Used a Craftsman socket so it was Lifetime Gaaaaarunnnnnnteed. 
 Of course the Jewish nobel peace prize goes to a nigger and a rape victim, rather than Trump who only de-escalated the threat of nuclear war with Russia and started peace negotiations with North Korea. 
 Most black kids don't even know who their dads are. But in this case it would have been been better if the piece of shit dad had fucked off before this poor kid was born    
 	Stupid white girl had his baby to start with!   
 		All the wealthy white students here are holding hands with nigger migrants.  They think their cool but I know they will end up destroyed one way or another.  
 Bbc headline about rise in "hate crime" towards Muslims (who are 5% of the Uk population). Read the article and it turns out that the 1% of the population who are gay report far more "hate crime" than do Muslims.  Never mind that there's no organisation out there that solicits gays to report "hate crime".  Yet the British state funds Muslim organisations to lie about "hate crime" against Muslims.   Clearly the Bbc couldn't give a fuck about attacks on gays.  For every Muslim who claims they were a victim, there are nearly 10x as many gays who are claiming to be victims.  Only Muslims matter when it comes to "hate crime".      
 	You're getting there Uk. Keep letting them in and coddling them. All you need to do is hit 16% muzzie to reach the critical mass where Islamist is impossible to stop.  You all Will be Muslim or killed. Your wammen Will be all wearing burkas. 
 If you missed Tucker tonight, you missed a pretty shocking story about the future of free speech in Europe. The Orwellian "European court of human rights" has basically instituted the 1st stages of sharia law in Europe.   #1A 
 	No matter what the Eu courts say, no matter how the Uk Msm support Islam, no matter how the Leftstazi call proud Britons racist and no matter how politicians and senior police try to hide Muslim child rape gangs - we Fight On! 
 		your fight is not fighting, it's surrendering. you can tell by the dead muzzie body count.  the score is thousands of rapes and stabbing,,  how many dead muzzies. Zero!  
 Hey Chrissy,   How does it feel to be so weak that mere words hurt you? It's utterly pathetic that you give others that amount of power over your emotions and feeling of self worth.   Your ancestors must be very proud. 
 		College will do that to the weak,low information,non-thinkers.They spend a lot of time on the floor in the fetal position.  
 		It is not school, it is indoctrination.  I know I left college and basically regarded most of the professors as dumb as shit.  I did not kiss a single ass in college.  The professors people liked I hated, and the tough ones I loved.  People thought I was nuts back then and that certainly has not changed.  I tell the truth and people have a hard time with that becasue we certainly did not hear it in college! Universities need to be blown up! 
 		It is not school, it is indoctrination.  I know I left college and basically regarded most of the professors as dumb as shit.  I did not kiss a single ass in college.  The professors people liked I hated, and the tough ones I loved.  People thought I was nuts back then and that certainly has not changed.  I tell the truth and people have a hard time with that becasue we certainly did not hear it in college! Universities need to be blown up! 
 No. Websites used to function without CDNs. Gab Is Not That Big. It could be done with a little server farm. Ddos protection is the real issue, but that could have been worked on in alliance with other dissident sites.   But Torba used the money to pay for his Honeymoon instead. 
 	Underage hookers and blow aren't cheap, you know. 
 		Torba is running more of a hillbilly clan, employing his useless crazy relatives.   I should have known when his goofy mom got hyper defensive of Torba's spambot company. 
 		Torba is running more of a hillbilly clan, employing his useless crazy relatives.   I should have known when his goofy mom got hyper defensive of Torba's spambot company. 
 	Remember that time in 2016 when everyone woke up and realized every president after Kennedy was a fucking cabal tool. Maga 
 		Not everyone.  Even the libs got more figured out than some of these conservative that still live in denial.   
 		Not everyone.  Even the libs got more figured out than some of these conservative that still live in denial.   
 Nigger crapper makes a shit video with a Melania look-alike. Wtf? they have no shame.    
 Simply answer based on what You believe.  Do you believe Wtc Building 1, Wtc Building 2 and Building 7 collapsed into their own footprints on 9/11/01 as a result of demolition explosives or as a result of 2 airplanes? 
 		Go  to twitter. Sniveler LIBrats post there . LIBrat 
 			Another hillbilly with a false dichotomy seared into his brain. Lol so dumb. 
 nigger 
 Antifa: Far Left, Anti-Fascist, Communist, been around in various forms since 1921.   Nazi: Far Right Nationalists, Fascist, arrested Socialists, Democratic Socialists, Communists and Anarchists. 
 		You noticed that did you?    They are lol. Shockingly so. I mean I could see being outside Gab and being clueless but Jesus, you are in Gab for months and still nothing clicks.    It took hearing "Hitler wasn't wrong" once and all gears aligned. 
 		You noticed that did you?    They are lol. Shockingly so. I mean I could see being outside Gab and being clueless but Jesus, you are in Gab for months and still nothing clicks.    It took hearing "Hitler wasn't wrong" once and all gears aligned. 
 You are a nigger lover.  Fuck off. 
 Dear Mr. Ingram, I've voted with "yes". To be honest, I have not even a daughter to finger. But I'm all for "épater le bourgeois" (if you don't speak French, work it out yourself). Also I'ma a fan of redneck culture - it began when I read the first "you might be a redneck if ."-jokes and got to know Jeff Foxworthy. 
 Dear Mr. Ingram, I've voted with "yes". To be honest, I have not even a daughter to finger. But I'm all for "épater le bourgeois" (if you don't speak French, work it out yourself). Also I'ma a fan of redneck culture - it began when I read the first "you might be a redneck if ."-jokes and got to know Jeff Foxworthy. 
 All together now.   Awwwwww    
 	 he never should have been put in prison in the first place.  This is radical Female Supremacy at work. 
 		Retard muted 
 	C'mon. You know you'd tap Faith Goldy. ;) 
 		She kinda looks like she's had surgery on her face and her voice is oddly deep. And Loomer is horrible looking! 
 		She kinda looks like she's had surgery on her face and her voice is oddly deep. And Loomer is horrible looking! 
 The fake bombs were very professionally done to falsely make it look like an incompetent Trumpster was responsible.  I have no doubt that fake forensic evidence was included to lead Fbi to come to the wrong conclusion.   Some say they should have somebody in handcuffs in the next 48 hours.  I don't see that.  The Dem Operative who did this is way ahead of the game. 
 	The Isis redneck Flag was a nice touch - but also a big tell. 
 	The Isis redneck Flag was a nice touch - but also a big tell. 
 Sounds to close to wigger , ya got to go back! 
 Sounds to close to wigger , ya got to go back! 
 "The victim's genitals had been removed and placed into a blender."   Can't help but wonder if he was still alive and forced to watch while this happened.   The 3rd pedo in one week . looks like this guy has his work cut-out for him.    
 		That has traditionally been the case. Gotta wonder how a jury will stack up for this guy in Michigan. Fija 
 		They gotta catch him first. Remember the average Iq of a criminal in America is about 85. The average Iq for a police officer is about 100 and they have a 50% success rate in solving crimes. Imagine if this Vigilante has an Iq of 145.  
 		I predict vigilante justice for other crimes soon. 
 		Proverbs 21:2 Esv  Every way of a man is right in his own eyes, but the Lord weighs the heart. Proverbs 14:12 Esv    There is a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way to death. Proverbs 3:5-6 >   
 		Vigilante justice will happen. Has to. The po po too pc to be any help. The justice system, well I think we all know about how justice is meted out these days. We do for our selves, our family, our honor.  
 		po po too busy protecting Antifa! 
 		I don't believe in vigilante justice. However, I can't blame victims for ending pedos.  
 		 a lot of laws protect evil people. considering changing alignment. :D 
 		 a lot of laws protect evil people. considering changing alignment. :D 
 Another Faggot   Muted & Reported for spamming tranny porn   Just once I'd like to meet one of you ass wipes face to face   You'll no longer have any fingers to punch buttons or keys again 
 I swear if I ever find this Chad bigly cunt here I'm gonna fuck open you throat with a shovel sanz 
 	Duh 
 		Or hapless whigger or other liberal dipshit. 
 		Or hapless whigger or other liberal dipshit. 
 Texas abortionist said to have ‘twisted’ living babies’ heads off their necks  
 	behead him and twist his nigger head off after the first cut.lol 
  
 	Oooooooooooohhhh.God. When is that old fucking cunt going to Fucking Die? 
 Who Else Thinks The Flag TheYRE Selling For Ten Thousand Dollars Is A Waste Because Its Going To The Red Cross-A Lying Fraud Of A Sham. The Most DIsGUSTING "Social" Help Organization On The Planet-Corrupt To The Core.   Sad. 
 	whats your proof of them being a fraud sham please? Note I dont trust them when their ceo makes 6 figures. 
 		I use to do door to door fundraising for red cross Canada. By the 4th month I was having a nervous breakdown and almost snapped on this old man who decided to give me along winded speech about how it's inconvenient to him that I knocked at his door. Later I stole the head of his nigger statue 
 This dude is in London. London has one of the largest Government surveillance systems in the world.  Only in American can a traitor walk free and talk shit about America   
 		I'm embarrassed for you  
 		Your mum 
 		Your mum 
 Rt LionelMedia    Details. Details.     
 	Fuck that cunt 
 	Discernment is a virtue.  
 	Discernment is a virtue.  
 After this  Synagogue shooting if I see any antisemite attacks on gab I will report you to the Fbi. This is not a drill. 
 	So bringing up historical facts about jewish involvement regarding the Bolsheviks and their grip on banking and their role in supporting Isis and their funding of mass migration is anti Semitic? Do is a favor and disprove all this with verifiable facts? Can you? 
 		faggot 
 .@DonaldJTrumpJr Hits Back At  After She Implies His Sons Must Have Abusive Tendencies      
 	karen Johnson is one stupid nigger 
 for those of u tht know me . ilost thousands of followers . shill for me i need to find ppl    is my new one . muthafuck jack and muthafuck george soros . hes the jew cunt tht got me banned 
 Most Ussr jew wasn't killed by Stalin. Them flee to Israel in 1970s and later. You are greatly retarded as you compare 1933 and 2015. 
 Yes, that’s raghead alright. Brilliant! 
 Gay Fl minister kisses husband for publicity, so brave.   That's nothing I went with my bf to Long John Silver's all you can eat buffet on a Sunday        
 	1. You do not have monopoly over the all-loving, all-benevolent God who called me into service, and 2. I will never be ashamed of love and will never, ever hide. Lol. God is not all-loving and all-benevolent by any stretch. 
 		I mean, Sodom and Gomorrah, anyone? Leave it to some degenerate, doublethink faggot to have this cognitive dissonance. All this insanity is exhausting.  
 A man kills a deer and takes it home to cook for dinner.   Both he and his wife decide that they won't tell the kids what kind of meat it is but will give them a clue and let them guess.   The kids were eager to know what the meat was on their plates, so they begged their dad for the clue.   Well, he said, "It's what mummy calls me sometimes".   The little girl screams to her brother,   "Don't eat it, it's an arsehole." 
 		This is Gab you are allowed to call a cunt a cunt. 
 	Do you have a job?  Or do you just sit on your faggot ass all day on Gab?  
 I am going for round two tomorrow afternoon if I haven't been banned for posting legal content, make no mistake about it. This is only the start. And it will only get worse as large loli websites get hold of this anti-loli Bs here at Gab. 
 	Boo hoo hoo muh Pedophile Racist Nigger Nazi wittle fweelings r hurt send an 2 5 1 6 ambwwaaaaalance g ilmr ton Yes Vir Gin i ate der eez ein sand claws ches peak  Fu118 
 	Jesusfuckinchristonagodamnfuckincrutch that is one confused cunt 
 I see that whilst "Down under" Harry and Meghan are having a go at Aussie rules. He's fucked off out bush for a week fishing, boozing, fighting and playing catch with his mates whilst she stays at home whining to her mates about what a lazy, useless cunt her old man is. Bliss! 
 Why, is it going to somehow morph into something intelligent? And since we are being insulting for the Hell of it I haven't fucked a retard since the last time I saw your Mother. How's that? 
  
 	This meme should be removed immediately. This is not funny. You are doing more damage to Trump than Feinstein and Murkowski. Then again maybe that is your intent. Some people have a really sick mind. 
 		Prove your claims, faggot 
 Its Called A Undercover Investigation You Dumb Cunt Lol  Claire Mccaskill Demands Special Prosecutor For Project Veritas ‘Fraud’   
  
 	What the hell? This guy is a lawyer and wants to be President? 
 		Commie Racist Faggot  
 Where do you find all the despicablevile Racist Jews and Democrats?  The morally degenarate human sewage lefitst scum cannot actually debate becasue they are low life excrement!  All Racist Sexist Democrats are brainwashed retarded monkey brains! All Democrats need to be flushed! 
 Completed  5: Passionate Patti Does A Little Undercover Work. This was fun as fuck! From Larry getting blown under the table to Patti getting her twat pounded under the table, what can I say? Looking forward to the next game!    
 paid by Ms ? 
 	"No. Rdrand was from Intel <snip>."  Ah yes, I could have known. Duh. Good call.   On Sage Sharp, I posted her Twat account here.  According to wiki she had an Intel grant at one point. She's now a "Diversity Consultant" at some company. 
 	"No. Rdrand was from Intel <snip>."  Ah yes, I could have known. Duh. Good call.   On Sage Sharp, I posted her Twat account here.  According to wiki she had an Intel grant at one point. She's now a "Diversity Consultant" at some company. 
 Will the real plastic Nazi please stand up? 
 		Plastic Nazi 
 			Pretend white person 
 				Real plastic Nazi. 
 					Op  Hur dur dur, "you are what i said, because i said so ner ner!" 
 						Doesn't change the fact that you're a plastic Nazi. 
 							is that all that you can repeat with your tiny cunt brain? 
  . . . and lying nation-wrecking jew filth has liberals, feminists, and christlings believing this disgusting vile nigger beast creature is human.  No, it's not human but more closely related to an ugly gorilla in appearance and behavior.  Just look at it.  Only an idiot would think that shit-bag is human.   
 faggot 
  
 	He looks fabulous in his indoctrination hat doesn't he fellas? We should be thanking the  for creating these. They let everyone know who's the intolerant closed minded emotionally unstable retard in the group. It's like the new I'm with stupid sign.   
 "No matter how little money and how few possessions you own, having a dog makes you rich." -Louis Sabin 
 		That might be a little harsh. 
 		Pitbull genocide now. These dogs are just too dangerous 
 		Pitbull genocide now. These dogs are just too dangerous 
 	Yes, and I'm never gonna be anything but, for the rest of my life!  U'lll gawt too fuckinjg big for your britches! 
 	Yes, and I'm never gonna be anything but, for the rest of my life!  U'lll gawt too fuckinjg big for your britches! 
     i would share this video to the pro-israeli christians   but sadly i do not think any fucking christian zionist is able to listen anything that isn't completely retarded for more than 3 minutes 
 	2nd Amendment says nothing about ex-convicts or lunatics like you. 
 		fuck off nigger 
 Democrats actually think they have the power to kick white women out of the "women's club."   Just who do they think they are?    
 	What a Hypocrite Fucking Disgusting Muzzie Bitch! These assholes want everyone to convert to their shitty satanic ideology, but We ‘whites are not allowed to marry within Our Own Racial group.Bitch Who The Fuck Are You to tell Anyone who they can marry.  
 Top Alt-Right Site Now Siding With Antifa  Calls For Attacks on Pro-Life Women   
 	I have always said the "alt-right" is really the "alt-kike" I am not in the least surprise 
 		that half nigger Anglin what does that abomination know about what white peoples' need etc are? fuck em and let them fuck off on the kike they rode on 
  
 	they're niggers for nigger sake  they love to Nig their surroundings  
 the nigger kneelers and the Nfl can go to hell. never again. 
 (Sourced quote from Cnn)    
 	Maxine Water and Sheila Jackson-Lee are perfect examples why we need Abortion Legal! 
 		Omg! I can't believe the retard inbred blacks in my area who think Obama deserved another term!  
  
 	Not quite the idea I had of Paris when I put it on my bucket list.  Definitely will Not be going there.  I am sad for Paris and angered at its government that allowed this to happen to it. 
 		We all know what a useless twat Emmanuel Macaroni is. 
 Don’t be a cunt all your life  
 I'm always. 
 	Faggot 
 Watching them lose will make me feel really good: 
 	Sean Astin's words sound just like something an Npc would have preprogrammed as topical and interesting dialogue. 
 			Only a retarded Demonrat who has been paid to loose. And he will loose Bigly. 
 Police in Dusseldorf, Germany, are searching for four men who reportedly robbed a young mother while threatening to harm her child if she didn’t comply.   Via:     
 	Will the Germans ever realise what Merkel has done to their country and rise up? I'm not so sure tbh. They've tolerated migrant and terrorism crime for far too long without acting 
 		"Will the Germans ever realise what Merkel has done to their country and rise up?" You're in the Uk? 
 			The states is also suffering now as well, even more so with retarded socialism and communism.  
 Not just slavewear. It's M & S slavewear.  Mmm.    >  
 	M&S cucking to Islam. 
 		muzzie are not allowed to have fun so drinking isn't allowed 
 Alyssa Milano: Trump Uses 'Cult-Like Force' to Communicate With Fans  
 	Whiny cunt trying to act as though she is of any significance 
 The Democrats have either won every special election (so far), or severely cut Trump's margin of victory in '16. This doesn't bode well for the midterms.    Imagine the Republicans defied all odds and won a super-majority in both chambers of Congress. What would change for us? Virtually nothing. They'll privatize social security and send our troops to Iran. 
 	The only thing the Gop can hope for is 3-4 senate seats gained and keeping the house. It may happen because the Dems made a big mistake with how they handled the K situation. They angered Gop suburb cucks and got nothing out of it because he will be confirmed anyway.  
 		True, but he lost because nigger turnout was Massive. Like 98% turnout. That is Incredible.  
 Oh no, there's a new Balkan Route as of summer '18 that the pathetic yellow retard hasn't yet heard of LoL   Say hello to your new sons-in-law in pic 1, danish dwarf 
 What your posts about owning excessive guns say about you:   
 		You’re a real genius you know that?  Maybe you’ll understand finally when a nigger is hacking your head off with a machete.  of course it will be too late then won’t it?   
 Now the Soros owned Rich Bitch calls leavers terrorists , Is this a declaration of war ?   Not In My Name!’ Gina Miller Mocks Brexiteers as ‘terrorists’ ahead of protest march    
 	This cunt is a guyanese sick sikh.Not even British 
 	This cunt is a guyanese sick sikh.Not even British 
 Ya just can't fix stupid. 
 	retarded she is 
 nigger 'victim" vs kike whore:    
 "me following him" I claimed this where? Go back to washing nigger feet, christ tard. 
 "Queen Elizabeth Claims She Is ‘Direct Descendant Of Prophet Muhammad’          Islamisation of Uk reaching a final stage, it seems.     Now is the time to rise up in the millions, otherwise . 
 	Do not take this seriously. At 94, a few loose screws is normal. 
 		Lol, it is serious though. Today reality is what you read in the news. It has encouraged the vile Muzzie mob. 
 Doxxing Arrest   Jackson Cosko is charged with:   making public restricted personal information     witness tampering    unauthorized access of a government computer    identity theft    second degree burglary     threats in interstate communications    unlawful entry    
 	Excellent - Now I hope his faggot boyfriend doesn't have the money to bail him out. 
 All of America’s problems can be traced to the tragic mistake of giving women the vote. 
 	Lol seriously? 
 		Muslims rape and beat their women and inbreed with them to create retarded children that can be weaponized against non-Muslims. As our population dwindles because our women are too good to have children, Islam will replace us, and it won’t be fun for western women. See Sweden. 
 Oh come on   .is this the best the Nyt can do? What are they paying, minimum wage?   It's not the insult to white ppl that bothers me, it's her stupidity. 
 	We are spending a lifetime on making sarcastic and cool memes about how all non-white races are offending us, and while we are joking and keeping busy proving that "we are not racists" all non-white races are occupying our countries in the whole West. Maybe we should start taking this seriously & develop a new approach before they complete the  
 		  we are pretty smart ppl & can chew gum & walk at the same time. We are not one trick ponies.    We are capable if showing humor & seriously acting to stop occupancy of our country.  Perhaps you need to seek some help for your one sided view if life. Psychologist will tell you being negative all of the time is not healthy.    I'm very comfortable with the fact I can joke & be serious as needed. 
 			There are some on Gab who are racist. At least they're direct with it. I for one, am not. Color doesn't matter. Abusing our borders, our safety, out economy and/or our way of life - without permission and with complete dishonesty about that intention - Does Piss me off as it should with every American. That's what and how I am. Just the facts, that simple!  
 				Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 You are such a retarded moslem. Mueller can't indict the president.lmao.   
   There are very few of you and millions of us veterans who actually believe ‘all men are created equal’.  Stay hidden in your Internet hovels-don’t ever come out in public because you will be in big trouble if you do. Bang  
 		found your pic 
 		So you not only wanna kill Jews and blacks, but kekistanis too now?  Sheez! 
 		You know what's so great about this kike faggot? He calls himself a "kekistani sailor" but fails to realize the kek flag is based off of a natsoc flag. Lol! 
  
 	who treats their ammo like books, anyways  read a book, nigger 
 What your posts about owning excessive guns say about you:   
 		 
 		 
  
 		It'S (downloads tinder) Over (likes picture) For These (has one night stand) Hoes 
 		*buys girl a drink at the bar, with a wink* say goodbye to Roe vs Wade, thot 
 		*buys girl a drink at the bar, with a wink* say goodbye to Roe vs Wade, thot 
 I seen on new today that some one but a bomb out side soros door what the fucking matter with you can't you even do job right next time blow the evil cunt up in the home or out get A bigger bomb go to plan b 
 As Many Of Our Members Will Have Noticed We Are A Christian BAsED Group . you dont have to be but it's our core leadership principle. herr wolfes legacy and one i won't ever betray.    i must rin this poll     i ideantify as national socialist and. 
 	 god bless us all christian and pagan let us put old diffrences behind us and live together as white  people. 
 		or me and this sand nigger here will shoot you down with technology. 
 All right: I need to explain something.    People are asking me to contact Roseanne Barr for them.    No. Absolutely not.    For one thing, I wouldn't do that to her.    But.    For another thing, that's not the nature of our relationship. She's in the driver's seat, which is the way it has to be. I don't pick up the phone and say, "Hey! Let's jabber!"    We're friends, but it's a friendship based on ideas. And she's the one who is in control of the contact. She first contacted me, and that's the way we've kept it. Roseanne is under pressures that most of us can't comprehend, so my role is to be there for her instead of adding to her burdens.    I don't want anything from Roseanne. When we finally met in person, I felt very relaxed. It was as if we'd already met and known each other for years and years.    But I never lose track of the Fact that it's a privilege to know her. A privilege is something that is offered. I'm not Entitled to a thing.    When Roseanne calls, we talk. But I don't call her. It's just not what we do. When we met in person for the first time, she had over 800 messages on her phone.    That was from a period of maybe 90 minutes.    So I don't call her, and I will not pass on any requests from strangers. I'm not going to do anything that has even the remotest possibility of causing trouble for Roseanne.    She's the boss. A nice boss. But the boss. That's a decision I made so that she would never have to worry about me betraying her.    As I said, it's just the way things have to be. 
 		You are a dyke, a nigger loving dyke  
 	Wrong Way Round Oh Mentally Retarded Muslim! 
 Female Candidate Leading The Polls  From Advertising   mayoral candidate being censored left and right    
 	Canada is Not a free country. 
 		Hope you didn't forget the time are Beta Male prime minister passed a retarded bill that made gender discrimination a crime. If you refused to identify someone by their pathetic gender identity that went against the biological standard of male / female. 
 Stephen Hawking in last book before he died said their is no god.not based upon science but based upon his liberal "opinion":     
 			Trolls trolls everywhere.    Proverbs 26:11 "As a dog returns to its vomit, so a fool repeats his foolishness."    This is exactly why as a Christian I prefer other social networks like  over gab 
 				 
 				 
 				 
 				 
 				 
 				 
 	Doesn’t that figure!  
 	How a  democrate won a race as a Gop! 
 	She was a Write-in by the Dems.now let's do her properly in 2022. It seems like a long time, but with President Trum at help for next 6 years, I think Alaskans can handle a fake whiny bitch. 
 Wow  
 	Yeah, nobody cares. Grow up. 
 		Say"S A Mixed Multitude  Num 11:1-4 kjv  And when the people complained, it displeased the Lord: and the Lord heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the Lord burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.   2 And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the Lord, the fire was quenched.   3 And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the Lord burnt among them.   4 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat? 
 			Bob Marley - Selassie is the Chapel    
 				He is a jew  
 					jew are african's  we call the nigger's cause the y come from nigger in Africa  
 Heart of French language is in Congo, French language doesn’t belong to the French people, says Macron.    
 	well in that case then shut up about your redneck french revolution 
 Trump Should Cut $315M Us Aid To South Africa Over White Genocide    
 	corrupt nigger rulers of S Africa will just piss it away.they are niggers. 
 Was Hillary asking for "something to be done" 2 days Before the mail bombs started & then this synagogue shooting that even had Fox News try to tie to #Q &  and call us "right wing conspir-racists".   We need to remind the Normies who are just waking up that we are at War with the Deep State & remind them of just how evil they are! 
 	I did something bitch, early voted Gop across the board so go and fuck your liberal lesbian self, Cunt from Hell! 
 Andrew Gillum During Debate: The Investigation Into ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Isn’t An Issue For Floridians      
 	If Florida wanted to Nigger things up We would elect a biological monkey 
 If the Conservative "rebels" think that May can carry on until 2020, deliver us a failed Brexit, they are insane. She must go Now!    
 	Theresa May is a total cunt out for what she can get. She dooesn’t give a fuck about Brits 
 Most of the other people in that pic are also 'Israel-First' neo-cons, or socially and politically associated with jews 
 		You've just identified yourself as a sociopathic, emotionally disabled individual.  Get help, before you harm yourself, or others.  
 		Eat my shit you soulless confused pathetic miserable loser in life piece of worthless burden to society fucking useless trash. What bitchboy! 
 			'Leon Trotsky (whose real name was Lev Davidovich Bronstein, 1879-1940, the son of wealthy Jewish parents), was exiled from Russia because of his part in the aborted revolution in 1905 and was a reporter for Novy Mir, a communist paper in New York, from 1916-17.'   
 		Did you know this Jewish professor, who are responsible for legalization of trannies and faggots ?  
 cory booker another paid for sand nigger 
 Few people are more stupid than a Democrat Boomer. 
 	Behold! The Liberal ! 
 			Hey, im a damn white woman! 
 			Hey, im a damn white woman! 
     
 	amy = dumb twat 
 	Every single muh pr faggot is an ungrateful piece of human garbage. Robert Bowers is a hero. 
 Hitler Lives till the end of Times 1488   Hitler Lives for ever and ever.   Hitler will not go away, he stays with the people,   people will praise Hitler for ever,   can censor us, can persecut us, can kill us, can torture us,   the sionist done all of this sinc nuremberg the sionist terror machine.   after sionists are gone, Hitler will continue.   Hitler Lives for ever 
 		sionist thinking: "Area Bath Houses Fucking Little Boy'S A Lot Of Little Boy'S If U Like This Faggot Ur A Pos Too ." sionist often use sexual perversity because sionist are low level dont have morals or etic. 
  
 	Faggot ass generation  
 You might have heard I had to do a little time last year after the government decided communists were the good guys at a riot they started. I didn't particularly enjoy the accommodations, but I made some pretty good friends while I was there.   One of them is Alex Michael Ramos, Inmate #632152. He got sentenced to 9 years in prison with 3 suspended, 6 to serve. He called me today.    
 		I understand exactly how you feel. 
 		I understand exactly how you feel. 
 	Saaaaaad! 
 		supa freak 
 		I want to downvote just because I had to look at that. 
 			That which causes projectile vomiting just makes you stronger! 
 			Hahahahhah 
 	Jamal amd the Pussycats. 
 	Cats are a white thing (Psychology Today)    "Whites were about 3 times more likely to own a dog and nearly 5 times more likely to own a cat when compared to non-whites. In contrast, black respondents were half as likely to own a dog and less than a third as likely to own a cat." 
 		 
 			I <3 cats! 
            #Q            Sounds like that faggot esoteric entity.   There will never be anarchy. The issue isn't even the state. It's the nature of the state.   And deplorable me is a fag. 
 Yeah. That's why I'm holding a Swastika flag and calling for Dugin to be thrown in a volcano. Totally makes sense. 
 	not sure if its indeed a bot or retarded 
 Creating a Communist Utopia 
 	 
 		Yes, this is even better, Commies shooting beautiful unarmed women. Big brave men. Don't think for a minute that today's green haired Dyke slugs wouldn't do the same to us and our wives and children now if given the chance. We have Everything against us but somehow we must overcome through wit and wile and defeat these Commies or it's over. Now is the time for words and ideas, act now before things get very much worse. Strength in numbers.  
 Thanks for the pics.  I had a cunt on gab dox me to this filthy kike. 
 Hrh Prince Harry for Gg?              
 		The lady that no one sees 
 			Exactly. Maybe a morning talk show, here and there.  I doubt it will happen, though, mate.  They said the same kind of thing when he was here in Canada for Invictus. Wishful thinking.  
 			Unlike the Canadian Gg, the Australian Gg is a practical role 
 			Especially at night 
 			Especially at night 
      
 		.was? 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 		 
 Sargon's subscribers are some of the dumbest NPCs I've come across. Say what you want about people with such bad taste that they'd subscribe to MundaneMatt, but when Matt put out an especially retarded video, they mass-downvoted it.   Other the other hand, even most of Sargon's worst, pantsu on head retarded videos have a Like-Dislike ratio of around 10-1. 
 	Some examples would be that stream where he white knighted Leslie Jones Hard and repeatedly condemned the Harambe jokes, and that video where he sperged out about an article by me for 50 minutes.   The one video on his main channel that I remember getting more downvotes than upvotes was a short video where he pretended that he won his debate with Richard Spencer 
 	Veeh has cultivated a similar audience. When you lie and misconstrue things some number of people will abandon your channel and all you'll be left with is losers that blindly follow.  
 			Veeh's audience are the dumber half of Sargon's dumb audience.  
 			Veeh's audience are the dumber half of Sargon's dumb audience.  
 I'm so fucking glad someone called Cps on his piece of shit children. I'm convinced it was the right thing to do. This piece of shit needs to die of a heart attack tonight. Supporting terrorists isn't cool, hombre 
 	he's a wigger terrorist. 
 Yeah, this 
 	Look what this sick Bitch did with my post. Be a real shame if something bad happens to her.  
 			Get a job, take a bath and try to act like an adult! 
 				No! 
 			She doesn't understand what it's like to have friends and family who have died fighting for her freedom to say that 
 				I'm so glad my grandfather fought the Nazis so I could live in this vibrant, diverse, safe white country 
 				I think he's talking about fighting the British considering they were America's only opponent in history to actually pull an invasion and end our self rule. Of course I doubt even this guy has 260 year old friends and family. 
 				I think he's talking about fighting the British considering they were America's only opponent in history to actually pull an invasion and end our self rule. Of course I doubt even this guy has 260 year old friends and family. 
 	Cucked!  
 		They look and behave like a couple of clowns all these days in Australia. Expected from a z-lister stripper, but Harry was supposed to be brought up better than that.  Look at their photos. It's pathetic.  Harry is making Brf laughing stock worldwide. 
 	Prince (forever of questionable Dna) Harry is literally a waste of Dna. A disgrace to the uniform he bears. A Toy Soldier. A mother that was murdered by the Firm he milks and not sufficiently strong willed to walk away/escape from those that murdered his mother. 
 		I concur on all, except Dna part.  Harry is Charlie's son with no shadow of the doubt.  I was suspicious as well when he was younger, but as he grows older he looks almost as copy of C from same age.  Besides, you really think they don't check on royal babie's Dna at birth? 
 		Why has Harry taken to wearing that beard? An attempt as a disguise? Shave it off and he has remarkably similar facial features to James Hewitt. 
 		Seems to be a modern day thing to wear beards. I view it one of two things on a young man today: 1) As a way of making yourself look older, just as young Wwi officers used to sport moustaches to give themselves additional seniority. 2) A muslim thing.  The guy is a waste of Dna. 
 		My view is that the Dna of the "royal" imposters should be independently checked if fhe taxpayer is to pay for bonking lifestyle. Dna testing is a relatively new Hning in the royal family and throughout history I'm sure people who are believed to be of royal blood are in fact not.  If it was up to me I'd chop all their heads off, just as they used to do to commoners. 
 	What an insult 
 		Halfwit grandson at that  Lol 
  by        
 	Yet another article discussing white genocide - direly realistic, no question that - and no thoughts on how to begin reversing the trend. 
 		It would take Duex Ex Machina level of intervention to shift government policy and the state of social affairs to make that happen:  1. Return immigration policy to what we had 1924 to 1965.  I would make it even stricter requiring Iq tests since it is becoming plainly obvious that intelligence is mostly genetic. 2. End the welfare state as we know it, shifting incentives for high Iq women to be mothers instead of pursuing careers.  Having more than one kid is extremely expensive when you factor in education and healthcare costs. 3. End public education funding as we know it today (I spend a fortune in taxes on public schools that my kid will never set foot in). 4. Defund non-Stem college courses that are angry feminist retard factories.  Nationalist government in Eastern Europe are doing #2 (i.e. Poland).  Germany did something similar when birthrate collapsed during the Weimar Republic.  I don't recall all the details, but I think it worked where the government gave a very large interest rate loan, then forgave 25% of the principal for each child born.  So four kids got you 100% loan forgiveness.    
 			Unfortunately, public sector is a self-perpetuating money machine. We could recite a litany of measures that would make our state (and the whole country) better, and it will never reach the minds irreversibly addled by nighttime Tv, public education, and media brainwashing. 
 			Unfortunately, public sector is a self-perpetuating money machine. We could recite a litany of measures that would make our state (and the whole country) better, and it will never reach the minds irreversibly addled by nighttime Tv, public education, and media brainwashing. 
 	Haha, you are retarded my friend 
 Aine Is An INSAnE Retard   Copyright Loki 2018   Retard.   Go away.   Retard.    
 They are cleaning up the oceans one nigger at a time. 
  
 	She has all the reasons to be afraid.   Since the central goal of Islam is to bring down Western democracies and enable Muslims to dominate our countries, the proper term to describe her is Invader.     And it is just the normal state of affairs that invaders are hated by the invaded, so indeed she shouldn't feel safe.   Indeed, her solution is move to Islamic Mideast. 
 		OMGoodness Please go the heck home. Lil history on sarcnut, Her mother and father are Hamas leaders that would be themselves beheaded back home if Obama hadn't protected them and gave them a job organizing C.A.I.R. Aka Muzzie Brotherhood with a business suit. 
 		OMGoodness Please go the heck home. Lil history on sarcnut, Her mother and father are Hamas leaders that would be themselves beheaded back home if Obama hadn't protected them and gave them a job organizing C.A.I.R. Aka Muzzie Brotherhood with a business suit. 
 Exclusive: Twitter suspended a network of suspected Twitter bots that pushed pro-Saudi Arabia talking points about the disappearance of journalist Jamal Khashoggi in the past week. -   
 	Saudi Arabia is an amazing purchaser, Trump said.  Defense stocks are pummeled right now are they not? Need that sale, goy.  "Watch out, Redneck Zionist coming through."    
 Strange How Some Faggot Who "Identifies" As A Woman, Doesn't Shave His Fucking Beard Off! 
 If people are demanding that you mute folks without considering the validity of what they are saying, then it would seem to me they are afraid of you finding out something. I mean think about it, what's the harm in considering what someone is putting forth and making your own decision? 
 		Thankfully, @a @e stopped the fairy gay faggot tranny porn problem. None since they implemented their fix. 
 Brett Kavanaugh is a judge's judge - he respects judicial opinions more than he respects the words on the page or the intent of the people who ratified the Constitution. He's no Scalia, not even a Gorsuch. He may be a tiny bit better than the guy he's replacing, but not by much. Amy Barrett would have been a better pick. Nobody would ever call her a rapist. 
 	She prob said nigger when she was 2 years old. Ha!  
 How many are tired of the mindless shit being thrown out about Boomers?    Raise your hand.    Hahaha these kids are cute though, aren't they, even if they do need a good trip to the wood shed. 
 	You boomers are what raised the kids to be this way, retard 
 Due to the lack of a Media thread I'm gonna post here.   The new Doctor sucks. 
 	no she doesn't. she's a dyke  
 No doubt this is a lefty voter:    (And honestly, I'd say if she only has $20,000 in college debt she's doing a lot better than some young people, who rack up considerably more.) 
 	Ever notice that colleges and university pushing the Socialist agenda continually hike their tuition costs. 
 		Another game the schools play, encourage students to apply, rake in application fees even though they know you have no chance of getting in, expect if black or spic and can play a game, build up their selectivity standing so students will feel grateful and special to be paying out the ass ! 
 Cory Booker, Best Known for the Forced Groping of Hs Classmates, Launched his Presidential Campaign this Weekend   Just hours after casting a vote in one of the most contentious Supreme Court confirmation battles in history, Cory Booker stepped on stage in a packed Iowa conference hall and unofficially launched his 2020 campaign.  Speaking before 1,500 energized Democrats at the party’s premier Fall Gala event, the New Jersey senator acknowledged their likely feelings of defeat and of anger after the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh earlier that day. He then delved into race struggles, poverty, his own personal political defeats and finding faith, despite it all.   If other top-tier potential contenders weren’t rethinking their decision to avoid Iowa this far in advance of 2020, they might be now.  Booker had the room silently mesmerized at some points, and won roaring standing ovations at others.  How long will it take? I’m going to tell you not long now, Booker roared, quoting from Martin Luther King Jr.’s legendary speech in Montgomery, Alabama. Because it’s not long until November! 
 		there will Never be another sand Nigger in the White House in my lifetime. Even the Mexicans hate sand niggers 
 Progressive group linked with Democrat campaign organs demonizing seniors | American Thinker        
 	Commie want us divided ! Stand together ! Fight fight fight  
 		Who, what, and how do you propose to fight without ending up in Federal Prison? 
 				I think you might be unhinged. Seek counseling. 
 						Does Qlarp suck you off every night or does he cheat on you with Dustin Nemos? 
 								Wow, you’re tough.  
 								Wow, you’re tough.  
 Oh fuck no please just don't. 
 	Its a troll by leftists to show how retarded tea party boomers are 
 nigger its well known around these parts that im firmly against tacti-hoes. Pull Ur Head Out Of Ur Ass U Homo! 
 marxism makes feral animals out of people for (((elite))) profit. 
 	It's part of the campaign to brainwash Whites into acting and thinking like niggers. That way they will be more amenable to breeding with them, in the process breeding ourselves out of existence. Also, parents who hop from one nigger bed to the next tend to be shitty parents. Look at the way niggers parent their sprogs. 
 Man, he's really scraping the barrel.  First he marries a Kennedy, finally admits uses steroids, produces a bastard spic kid and now playing the apology game.  He's finished.  Too bad.  I really liked the Terminator. 
 A single mother got out of 33 of 34 felony charges after she was caught making sexualized breast feeding videos.   She would get naked, oil up her 18-month-old son’s naked body, & video tape herself molesting him while he fed. She sent these videos to clients around the world.   Finally I was getting attention . I’m not a monster.   Welcome to Female Privilege. 
 	This is exactly what i have been saying. What white man would do this with his child! Women if not controlled turn into this. Explain this . Fuck everything else explain this. I dont think shes jew. Her last name is some kind of Italian.  
 		No fuck that! If not raised with Ethnos to love her race and fear the other. To know her place as child bearer for her people amd love to her protector. Christianity is multicultural bullshit. Race mixers! Nigger lovers!  
 Tommy Robinson invited to Washington by members of Us Congress   The Mef wrote on its website that Republican Paul Gosar and six other members of Congress have invited Robinson to speak to the Conservative Opportunity Society    
 	Fuk That Retarded Looking Zio-Dikhead 
 Try to ask a group of feminists Is it possible that Kavanaugh is being a made a scapegoat and this is what you get:   
 	If these bitches called me toxic to my face,Id probably show them about real toxicity. Im sick of this retarded shit. 
 Migrants and refugees are terrified as Italy begins mass deportation   "Get ready to pack your bags" Matteo Salvini, Italian Interior Minister video    
 		We need to organize like the Muslims are doing right now in Toronto. Faith Goldy (Mayor candidate) and Linda Loomer got turned away from an Islamic 'convention' of jihadists advertised "Everyone is welcome" except for Christians and Jews when they got to the door. 
 		We need to organize like the Muslims are doing right now in Toronto. Faith Goldy (Mayor candidate) and Linda Loomer got turned away from an Islamic 'convention' of jihadists advertised "Everyone is welcome" except for Christians and Jews when they got to the door. 
 		Her punters won't like that. A cunt that smells like a Scottish trawler will put even desperate tramps off 
 National  Socialism can restore America to a place of joy and safety,a land with no Nigger crime and no Muslim terror .Sounds good to me ! What are we waiting for! We already know republicans and Demoncrats are no help ! 
 Npc: "Orange man bad!" 
 	retarded liberals don't like Trump hmmm. we did not know that. 
 	retarded liberals don't like Trump hmmm. we did not know that. 
 Bring back stoning. Or just throw his stick off a cliff so he'll hit one big rock. 
 	Well, that's some fairy gay faggot shit there. Lol 
 No, nigger gene is so powerful that a half-black mulatto kid is a niglet.   
 I guess Q didn't explain the logical fallacy of prove the negative yet.  Never mind the "insider knowledge" and "predictions" that turned out to be false, don't let that influence your loyalty. 
 	You may remember the scientific method from grade school, Moron. Those who assert  is fake assume the duty to prove it. Choice of a negative assertion like that is pretty damned stupid. But the duty applies nonetheless. Sucks to be you! #Q 
 		No, it's great to be me.  I'm not even effected by the churlish ad hominem.  It's a least common denominator that doesn't even have remaining entertainment value.  You've forgotten that a claim requires proof, and when the evidence is false, it discredits the claim.  I don't need to step in every piece of shit to know it's shit. 
 			All that Blather, and you still can't prove that #Q is fake. Your opinion means Nothing.  info is Global now, cupcake. Can't be stopped. You already lost. Do you Juggle? 
 				Just like you can't prove he's true, princess.  Do you walk on your hands?  It would go well with talking out of your ass. 
 					Those who make the assertion #Q is fake assume the duty to prove it. You want to deflect because you can't prove it. Wriggle, wriggle little fish. Can't avoid the duty, or fulfill it. You're stuck, cupcake. On Stupid.  
 							Well, you're a Moron. Being "like" you wohld be pretty sad. You can't prove that #Q is fake. Which also triggers you, cupcake. All around comedy. 
 								Yaaas you show the non believer! Q is real he even mentioned fake Karl Marx social media accounts in his poopings! 
 								Yaaas you show the non believer! Q is real he even mentioned fake Karl Marx social media accounts in his poopings! 
 B.S. Boomers have an 18 yr age range among them, yet you youngsters who blame us for everything & group us into one huge box withsame ideals are full of shit. We're all different & many get life more than you do. Grow up & see if you can do a hell of a lot better than many boomers did, then you can talk down on us - and not until. 
 	Exactly! What the hell have any of these little pukes done in their short time here, but blame others for many things the others had no control of. They don't even know any real history and try to give us all lessons on how they'll fix what can't be fixed without Everybody on board.  
 		 Thank you! I totally agree. 'Boomer' haters sicken me on gab & I truly hate to say that. I thankfully have kids & grandkids who respect, love & admire me - as I do them. I taught them well & they use their brains withcommon sense logic like I do. No whiny blamers in my family, thank God. 
 			I'm not even a "boomer", but I know what they contributed to future generations. These little snots don't even realize they wouldn't even be here on gab, if it weren't for "boomers".   
 				To All You GenX,Millennials & Whatever The Fuck The Newest Ignorant Disrespectful Brats Are Called,Much Like Great Classic Rock Music,You Last Over 55-60yrs Or More & Still Have Relevancy ,Until Then Motherfuck You,Most Of Us Have Seen,Done & Forgotten More Then Most Of You Will Ever Have 
 					They Can Mindlessly Play Video Games For Hours As Life Passes Them By,They Order Weird OverPriced FooFoo Faggot Fake Coffees With Whipped Cream And Other Crap In It,That’s About It For These Hypersensitive Politically Correct Asexuals,I Can’t Think Of Anything ! 
 Nigger 
 	Nice roundabout way of admitting you have no arguments. opposed to derision.  Which is straight out of the marxist playbook. 
 			No, you are left wing argument fella, posing as centre right fella. You can kid yourself all you like. But kidding yourself is all you are doing. 
 				Left wing is antisemitic racist like you. I think it's quite clear by now I'm not ;) 
 					Centrist is just codeword for Cuck.    Do you believe if you white knight for Jews hard enough, that they will spare you a place at their end of the world party? 
 						Face it laddy, you're just a socialist. Bit thicker than Marxist socialists so you don't try to hide your Jew and black hatred like they do. C'mon! Nothing to be ashamed of.   Well actually there is. But that's another story lol 
 																	Just because you are ignorant to history, does not mean that history did not exist.  Just means you are ignorant. 
 																	Just because you are ignorant to history, does not mean that history did not exist.  Just means you are ignorant. 
 Loki Take Diz Bird Shit Mroe SErious DAn U Cunts Ever Do    probably think this funyn joke retard  honestly, request it 4 yoursefl Cunt  We built it 4 a reason.   
 Great, Great, Great    
 	At least she doesn't look like Christine Ford's Dyke attorney! and the beaked nose one!  
 Ok Republicans are Retards! This man is no different than Kommie Kate Bisexual Brown! You should have voted Sam Carpenter, for God's sake he was photographed in Oregon holding a rifle at a gun range. But oh no, you Retard Republicans picked Knute.    This "Republican" is pro gay, anti Kavanaugh, pro choice and now also worried about climate change.    Hmm choices, choices. Kommie Kate Bisexual Brown or Kommie Kate Bisexual Brown 2.0.    
 	He’s glad his grandkids will grow without a father? 
 	He’s glad his grandkids will grow without a father? 
 Feminism is a mental illness that infects mob of women like Nazism infected mob of Germans. 
 		Calling me a faggot jew lover when I probably actually agree with  of your concerns about the adverse affect Jewish Liberalism has had and is having on our culture. 
 trudeau.your faggot "leader" 
 Retarded and tard in the same insult, the wit is blinding!  
 Retarded and tard in the same insult, the wit is blinding!  
 Andrew Gillum staffer fired after calling for Trump's execution, wearing shirt deriding pro-Trump states   
 	Good, fuck that retarded brownie 
 Nancy Pelosi has dementia.          
 		The following meme seems appropriate:   :D 
 		The following meme seems appropriate:   :D 
 fuck the prophet and fuck these niggers. why do niggers think being a muzzie makes them a higher class nigger? they're still niggers. and we still hate them 
 None of them can be trusted. The moment they have the opportunity, their inner nigger comes out. Look at Bill Cosby.  
 	Are you being sarcastic? How are they Neo-Nazi faggot socialists when every account spamming the gay tranny porn are Jewish anti-nazi activists seeking out right wingers to spam? 
 	+1+1= 
 	+1+1= 
 Look at all the Filthy Black Beasts in the photo and don't be fooled by the jews.  Can you see the name?  Lynn Epstein is on the upper left.  A jew name.  The black nigger beasts are probably employed by this kike cunt, but sometimes males haved used that first name too.  Why?  How the fuck should I know.  Just remember that Filthy Nigger Beasts have no place in White Lands. 
 Good idea for a poll thanks to a left-winger who wants to "Smash Islamophobia", the fake word they created to stop criticism of Islam. Let's see how racially diverse Gab is. What race are you? 
 	Jewish isnt a race  
 		It is an ethnicity with very specific genetic markers. Passed down by the mother. Judaism is the religion that you can join, although it isn't easy. But you can't become a Jew. Why they often have specific facial features that the NatSocs stereotype :) 
 			Utter bollocks! Jewish is a religion and Not a race! Funny l do know! it takes 10 yrs to convert! 
 				HaHa Fella, please stop. Ya killing me. What do you find so hard? Jews follow Judaism Because they are a specific ethnicity. Other people can convert to Judaism but it's quite hard. You cannot become a Jew. You would need a transplantation of Jewish genetics. We can't do that yet. Fooking idiot. 
 					  Dna Links Prove Jews Are a 'Race,' Says Genetics Expert  Conjuring fear of Nazism and anti-Semitism, Jews recoil from the thought that Judaism might be a race,   
 						Ffs! Don't show this to  mate. His brainstem will explode out of his ringpiece and make a right mess lol 
 							Utter Bs the Nazis were measuring for that. So sad these ppl Jewish is a religion not a race so are all Muslims even a race ffs wanker  
 									I normally say that there is no such race as Islam and that the adherents of Islamic 'Bearded Savagery' comes in every available skin colour.  
 									I normally say that there is no such race as Islam and that the adherents of Islamic 'Bearded Savagery' comes in every available skin colour.  
 But The Black Cop Walked For Shooting An Unarmed White WOMAn.   Contrast To Officer VAn Dyke Who Was Just Sentenced To A Death SENTAnCE In Jail For Shooting A Known Violent Black CRIMInAL With A Knife He Would Not Drop.   Get It Yet? Get Woke! 
 But The Black Cop Walked For Shooting An Unarmed White WOMAn.   Contrast To Officer VAn Dyke Who Was Just Sentenced To A Death SENTAnCE In Jail For Shooting A Known Violent Black CRIMInAL With A Knife He Would Not Drop.   Get It Yet? Get Woke! 
 How does it feel to be white trash and slandering and threatening an innocent African-American man? You are all neo-Nazi scum.               @1001cutz 
 		Maybe you should be a tough guy Irl not on the nets? You a pussy nigger lover? 
 Apparently $3.1 billion in aid to Israel isn’t enough for 2019. Trump has requested an extra $200 million so Israel can maintain its military edge.      
 		The aid is equivalent to giving every single family in Israel $23,000 
 		The aid is equivalent to giving every single family in Israel $23,000 
 Carson Wentz calls Hulk Hogan audible.    Hh    
 		It’s trending on Twitter because people are upset about it. Lol. 
 		This is what the NPCs are upset about? That the white quarterback might be a hulk hogan fan? "Nobody on muh Eaglez can like dat ebul raysis wrestler!" Really? 
 		When he was trying to draw Ny offside. Now lets see how we can make that racist, jewish, or facist. 
 		Fly  Egulz  Fly. We win super bow. We make drumpf angree. 
 		Fly  Egulz  Fly. We win super bow. We make drumpf angree. 
 Remember: women never lie.   Story:  
 		Yes! Glad you pointed this out. It's sickening!  
 		Yes! Glad you pointed this out. It's sickening!  
 	Cook em! They taste lime fried chicken! 
 	Use a pitchfork to unload them It's easier after they have hatched   
 		hahaha 
 		hahaha 
 Most mudshark haters don’t sit in their basements, smoking weed and playing video games. A whole bunch of them have families, careers, and stand up for themselves just fine. People can do all that and still hate mudsharks. You sound like you want to excuse nigger fuckers. 
 The Npc is immunized to all dangers. You may call them brainwashed, blind to the truth, downright stupid. It all runs off them like water does a raincoat. But call them an Npc and watch how they shrivel, step back, and say, "I've been found out." 
 	It Doesnt Bother Me At All When You CAll Me An Npc, Because You Nazis Are The Real NpcS!@$!&@ 
 		What's an Npc? 
 			Somebody’s a boomer. lol 
 				I didn’t say it like it was good or bad, I said it jokingly to DaleEvans who seemed to understand. I guess you’re insecure tho, just relax, grandpa, it’ll be okay. Anyway, everybody’s generation is kiked, but the men of my generation are waking up and becoming aware to the issues, while your generation is happily taking care of your daughters nigger baby.  
 Anyone needing a laugh can find plenty to laugh at on twitter by searching "Jair Bolsonaro" who just won the presidency in Brazil. The retarded leftists are in full panic mode. Crying, hating life, doomsday prophecies, you name it.   It's almost as good as the night Trump won.   Enjoy. 
     Documented Crip gang member Shoots 2 people Now he's a freaking great dad hero  I love the hypocrisy and insanity of making hero's out of Trash    These insane retarded retards live in the twilight   zone 
 Trs is living in a fantasy land       Thread    
 		There’s a couple different things going on here.  Jf wants pro-whites to be libertarian, so lots of his critiques were good but it’s only because tucker didn’t go far enough.  trs only hears what they want to.  They want to amplify a message I agree with, a more pro-worker nationalism but tucker got btfo’d by his own superficial anti-corporate stances   
 		yep, Jf is a lolbert so I usually don't listen but sometimes he'll have a good guest.  That said he does do a good debate analysis, he was pretty spot on with the Tucker debate.  I don't think Tucker is hiding his power level like Trs suggests. 
 		yep, Jf is a lolbert so I usually don't listen but sometimes he'll have a good guest.  That said he does do a good debate analysis, he was pretty spot on with the Tucker debate.  I don't think Tucker is hiding his power level like Trs suggests. 
 Deathwish and his faggot friends are the only ones that post any porn.  
 faggot 
  
 	'anti-semitism' is cool.Go nigger Go.Get the termites out of the woodpile 
 Jim Carrey is such a cunt   Never watch his movies again.  
 Jim Carrey is such a cunt   Never watch his movies again.  
 Jeffey Zuker over at ConspiracyTheory News Network   Has Gone Full Retard   Poor Pitiful us we got one Too    
 Murkowski is feeling left out so now she gets some fawning praise by the Left. Someone should remind Cocaine Mitch that he and his party donors saved that miserable twat in 2010. Joe Miller would be a reliable yes vote right now. 
 		Looking at most of the protesting "survivors" is all the proof I need that they were never raped. 
 		They survive by being too fat to fuck. 
 	 There was a possibility it was this.  Just in case it failed, Murkowski voting "no" allows it to be brought to another vote. God knows the bribe offers have to be massive right now. 
 		A game crooks like Murkowski play is to mix their votes so she can say she voted for something she did not support, or pretend she opposed something she actually supported.   "I wanted to extend the debate, but for the good of the country I voted to confirm once it came to a vote" 
 			 Ignore all that, she needs to be dropped out of a helicopter 
 			Damn good conjecture. I think you nailed her "reasoning". Still slimy as she looks.  
 		Nice thought and quite possible. Leave open the possibility in case, as they had the votes otherwise. 
 		Nice thought and quite possible. Leave open the possibility in case, as they had the votes otherwise. 
 Woman suffocates mother, sets her on fire after argument, police say   
 	Ahh, today's dose of wetback hijinks. 
 	The only Fabric that needs tearing out of Sydney is all the Islamic garbage , a once beautiful city now scumlam ghetto,start with this disgusting pedo worshipping cretin,All the Fucktards whinging about a horse race corrupting our Children ( Towards gambling ) but are happy with Faggot Colours and are clueless about the Safe Schools Program   
 Chelsea Clinton is an expert on being a completely useless slug whose only function is to be a parasite that lives off of favors payed to her traitorous cunt of a Mother. 
 Chelsea Clinton is an expert on being a completely useless slug whose only function is to be a parasite that lives off of favors payed to her traitorous cunt of a Mother. 
  
 	Of Tolls and Bridges. 
 		And the Race Traitor Whore Deserved every Bit of it. 
 				She's Probably got the Aids or some other Funky Nigger Germ. 
 Holy shit: 
 	It's autistics calling each other retarded in this stupid case!  
 Today I saw someone drop a couple of buns at the supermarket's bakery, and to my surprise this nigger (actually a white guy) put the buns back into the cabinet, albeit on a lower shelf where no products usually go. It's fucking disgusting when white people behave like    I alerted staff. 
 Shitbags who want to score points with disease ridden Sjw bitches an just make me look bad cause I share Pol memes. O please Pol doesn't own those memes. An idiots who love Hitler are just as fucking retarded as Bernie bros. Cucking oneself to gov is still cucking. Fucking gynofags 
 During an appearance on Msnbc’s Deadline: White House, Rosie O’Donnell said the military should be sent to the White House to get President Trump.    
 		She really is a moron. 
 		She really is a moron. 
    tommy started the civil war   by December the rivers was full of blood  yobs can never win a war   but you wanted it   you think its a joke when you see the body bags   thanks yaxley 
 		you will be dead soon you choose the wrong side I have your body bag ready  
 		Your a fucking idiot - muted  
 		Your a fucking idiot - muted  
 Imagine being so desperate to kill your unborn baby that you’d get a tattoo of a coat hanger to signal to the world that you’d be willing to scrape your child out of your womb barbarically if push came to shove.   Feminists truly are psychopaths. 
 	Which Soy Boy Beta Cock voted down on this?  
 		Probably an Lcbw* ! *Liberal Cunt Bitch Whore 
 Hey you retard are you still promoting Iran regime change like a good government shill? 
 ok but why did debbie wasserman schultz try to bomb cnn 
 		 
 		 
  
 	Sorry to be a party pooper but Gary Grant was born in 1904 so he'd only of been 13 in 1917! 
 		You're factually a faggot 
 	This is cringe. Check the dislikes. Damage already done. 
 	couldnt understand a word but that looked fucking shit wheres it from? i donwvoted it anyway of course  
 		Berlin police.  All about diversity equaling strength and that we are all brothers 
 		 
 		 
 	I suppose some have doubts whether McDonald's and its suppliers do the communions with the Gods properly. 
 		They would refuse to sacrifice a chicken if it were perfectly fed and ethically raised anyway. They follow Asiatic Jainism, not Aryan Paganism. 
 			You may be underestimating the number of people whose main concern is the unnecessary suffering, not the killing itself. For pagans, the complete lack of contact with the living and dying animal may be an extra reason.   There is nothing "traditional" about factory farming. I would even say it's antithetical to whatever one may mean by "Aryanism". 
 				I know this is how they frame their beliefs, but I have talked with vegans who say this and when I ask further they reveal that they have different agendas. Like I mentioned, even if the animal were perfectly raised and had no suffering, they wouldn't eat. It is about being holy and pure, and a fascinationg with moral superiority. That's how I see it. 
 						People have restrained their diets for the purpose of achieving discipline or mental states that allow them to incur in meditations and the sorts. Fasting and ascetism is common among yogis. But to presume it has a moral quality is, well, presumptious. Those who see themselves at the level of the animal will not eat it. Those above, will. Which one are you? 
 							>presumptuous    No, it's intuitive.    This has happened before, multiple times, according to our only real source of ancient knowledge  that knowledge only superficially tainted by Semitism.    It's observable that it is tied to the Golden Ages. It's holy.    And it's observable now that people long for something like it, just as they long to return to a Golden Age. 
 								So you see yourself at the level of animals since you refuse to answer the question I made. It's not the worst thing to be, but without ambition to rise above you will be ruled by those without the fear to be better. 
 																We'll see then. If we can't agree on what level a human being is by nature we'll have to agree to disagree. It's not like people didn't use to argue about a lot of fundamental ideas in the classical world. I think we're just carrying that tradition forward. Nothing personal. 
 Thought I'd edit the article because the media seem to have this autistic tick where they just can't tell the truth.    Also, not "African-Australians," Africans from Africa who are African who belong in bloody Africa!         
 	"There are no gangs": Richard Deng, African community leader, Melbourne. 
 		Deng = Dumb Entitled Nigger Grub , Fuckwits like this idiot and that other fuckwit Sjw Nigger bitch Blaming Australians not wanting anything to do with the Black Scum as the Problem , and cockheads like Andrews are listening to them ,Australians want nothing to do with them Because they are Criminal Third world Garbage  
 So the Tory Chancellor looks set to cancel tax cuts for hard working Brits to pay for welfare for many who've never contributed & never will (50% moslems are on welfare)   Tories have forgotten that eventually other peoples money runs out & essentially are a left of centre socialist party of high taxes, high welfare & high debt, penalising workers 
 	Both Tories and Labour are as useless as each other, they are controlled by that cunt Soros to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.  What would they do if all the poor people committed suicide?, they wouldn't be able to do this any more. 
 A member of the caravan said "there might be some criminals here, but most of us are not." All of you are criminals the moment you step foot on our land. Take your flag and march on back to your shithole. 
 	But the Paki on the other end of the flag has never been to Honduras, bet the Paki cunt cannot even spell it! 
 Today is a good day. No fairy gay faggot tranny porn so far! 
 	I love watching you lose arguments everyday  
 		Go to Specsavers :) 
 			What? 
 				Never mind. British joke lol 
 					More false statements from this guy. Brits don’t even have jokes! 
 						We invented humour. You ruined it. Just look at the Uk "The Office" compared to your version. We had Ricky Jervais you had some weird little twat as David Brent lol 
 							Omg, but you guys have The driest movies ever.  Sorry, but it's true :) 
 								MOre subtle ;) 
 							British humor is as forced as muslim immigration 
 I just set up a protonmail account just in case the worst happens.  It's escoffiergab@protonmail.com 
 	ole-swtichblade@protonmail.com  
 		of course I spelled it wrong like a dipshit. you know how to spell switchblade anyway & are seasonably less retarded than me 
 Your Generation by Generation X. Billy Idol on vocals, prior to his fame as, well, Billy Idol.    
 	I just listened to Billy Idols autobiography on audio book. It was really good. He is very smart and humble. I saw him live last year with Morrissey and he looks amazing and still has the pipes. Great energy as well. I was very impressed. Better stage presence then Morrissey.  
 		I like Moz’s music but he’s a preachy, self righteous cunt a lot of the time. 
 Backsliding or back stabbing? Because  is stabbing all of Britain in the back.                      
 	Twat ! 
 Brave young patriot 
 		Damn.but poignant! 
 		Damn.but poignant! 
 anyone remember this from the b/fast club and for the jocks the Mc Kewan adds :op  
 	i grew up in that time period.of course i remember it. didnt buy the album due to being more into rock but i could sing the song in front of the ladies 
 		"the uploader has not made this video available in your country". ? i am Usa , wtf.anyhoots.money for nothing and your checks for free.yep,we loved it.could say faggot and get away with it 
  
 	those fuckers will learn we are not a muzzie county, and this is that fucking obuma's doing 
 Woman from Colombia Who Shamed Jeff Flake on Elevator is an Illegal    
 		So true! I guess the left will ban Spanish now correct? 
 			I wish! Got a query on a craigslist post and see spanish from her iPhone - ugh! Almost asked her if she was legal. 
 				When I lived in an area where there are a lot of illegals I'd get phone calls looking for a carlos, juan, jaime etc I'd laugh & tell them they ain't gonna find that wetback funny as some were the DAs office 
 Billboard Goes Up On Busy Ca Highway With Message To Maxine That’Ll Make Her Panic   
 	That bitch is so fucking retarded and, honestly, that bothers me less than the fact that her constituents consistently bought her Left-wing bullshit while everything fell apart around them. 
 	You have poop for brains you have been indoctrinated to hate Jews   and suck up to Muslims ! So go take your butt to Saudi Arabia where the hijackers came from   Jack ass! 
 			you can suck the tip of my dick, the rest can fit up u mama 
 			you can suck the tip of my dick, the rest can fit up u mama 
 fake retarded conservative pundits don't dictate party ideology, no one is becoming less conservative because tv pundits are shills. 
 Get that fairy gay faggot shit out of here! 
  
 		faggot nigger 
 Super faggot Robert Mueller won't show empty hand until after the midterm elections.  Wouldn't want to confirm what we all know already.    
 It still kind of amazes me how you go and look for faggot porn. I guess dudes that like dicks will always look for it. Lol  
 Anyone saying I snitched on the Ram guys is just plain lying. I literally have no idea who any of these guys are, except for what I read in the media long after my meeting with the Fbi, and my body camera captured zero right wing violence. I gave the Fbi video from my Walmart parking lot meetup where I was falsely accused of brandishing a firearm by Antifa, and video of the planning meeting on the evening of August 11th, where we discussed coordinating with law enforcement to avoid violence. In the civil case I gave up recordings of phone calls, emails, and text messages, all of which confirm what I have always said, that everybody I was involved with was trying to obey the law. If what I showed the Fbi had any impact on any investigation into our side, it was wholly exculpatory to everyone on our side that I had anything to do with. Anyone who says otherwise is falsely implicating the organizers and headliners of UTR1 in a criminal conspiracy that just plain did not exist. I didn't "snitch" on anybody, primarily because I genuinely wasn't aware of any crimes committed by anyone I could be said to be "snitching" on. I reported a myriad of crimes of course, and I've spent much of the last 14 months bitching about those crimes not being prosecuted. But I don't think it's "snitching" to tell the government about communist terrorism. 
 	This shit is ridiculous ! Are we a bunch of jailhouse niggers ? If u get pissed about that ur a faggot. Snitch, snitchin, snitch ass nugga yo. Jailhouse nigger talk. I don’t listen much (show). Still dude puts in time. Cryin yo ! Again nigger bs. Who hasn’t cried ? U just didn’t hv it filmed. Ur all niggers for makin him even hv to explain this shit.  
 : Dunkelhäutiger Junge (ca. 14 Jahre alt) öffnet abends vor einer Passantin die Hosen und onaniert vor ihr    
 	Tritt in die nigger Klüten und gut ! Oder auslachen  
 	Tritt in die nigger Klüten und gut ! Oder auslachen  
 Einherjer - Nidstong    
 	Dont run lil bitch, dont talk shit if u just gonna run away,, scared to let ur wannabe kkk buddys know u gettin out trashed talked? or the fact i made u bow down twice. kiss my feet boy tell daddy ur sorry 
 		nigger 
 This year's U.S. refugee quota is to include a lot of Africans. We say again: hat about South African whites?  
 		Invasion. nothing to see here. back to your tea and football . Sleep. 
 		Invasion. nothing to see here. back to your tea and football . Sleep. 
 Black Sabbath - Planet Caravan  via  
 		soy boy faggot 
 Ftn is a joke.  Trs would be wise to step away.  They won’t, they’ll ride this dead meme of god emperor trump into the ditch, discrediting themselves and pro-white advocacy 
 	Only ricky vaughn would have made this garbage. By the way, that Maga-tard faggot is still on twitter pushing his useless multi-culti civ-nat politics.  
 I want to see a Border Welcoming Committee like this. 
 	Same here. If they come within 1 mile of the border. light um the fuck up. "Like iraqi sand nigger death footage" 
  
 	The Uk can only wish it would be that fast, sadly they will suffer a long painful death thanks to their leadership. I feel for Europe and I wouldn't wish what they have on anybody, not even the Kenyan, well maybe I would wish it on the Kenyan faggot and his husband. 
 Doug, you're a stupid faggot 
 Churchill was a faggot philo-Semite who sucked mamzer cocks. 
 Tom Arnold is calling for President Donald Trump to be beheaded.   The Left's calls for violence has gone on too long.   This is terrorism  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Smfh                            #1A #2A        #Qanon8Chan     #PatriotsFight   #Q  #TrumpTrain  #WeThePeopleHaveHadEnough  #TheFallOfTheCabal       #NoSanctuaryFunding  #NoVisaLottery   #NoOpenBorders  
 	The fat liberal retard is being blackmailed, probably for being a pedo. 
 Liberal to-do list:   1. Create new sexual deviancy group.   2. Add 'phobic' on the end.   3. ?   4. Profit. 
 	How to be a liberal faggot 101 
 	  Diversity tax goyim 
 	Made a note for segregated parking lots 
 	Big fine for littering.  
 		Throwing out chicken bones is feeding the wild life. 
 		The homeless mother fu*ker will eat that shit. 
 	 
 		I told one of them the other day to do the world a favor and sick his head out the window on the interstate and let the wind beat the hell out of him with his lips. 
 		I told one of them the other day to do the world a favor and sick his head out the window on the interstate and let the wind beat the hell out of him with his lips. 
 Wow just wow. New low     
 	Never Ever Watch The Fucking View Where All ViewS Are Racist !   Nigger Fuck Whoopi Is Racist Garbage ! 
     Listen up You Fucking Liberal Cunt   Dont talk about the Military when you know nothing about what you're speaking on you dumb cunt!   Pay attention twatwaffle You Do Not Get Deferments For Any Physical (Bone Spurs) Or Mental Problems You Get A F4 From The Military   Men in College Got Deferments You IGNOrANT Uneducated Skank!    You wanna defend Stolen VALOr Dickhead Blumenthal then have the nerve to make your idiot "5 deferments for bone spurs" crack towards Potus? I would've punched your moronic ass of that couch had I been sitting  next to you fucking Pig!   Daughter & Niece Of Vietnam Vets! 
 Sodomwealth Bank          
 	It could still be an African woman.  They have high T.  Probably more than the soyboy faggot sitting opposite.  Same anti white shit regardless. 
 Minneapolis Police Refuse To Investigate Claims Against Rep. Ellison  via  
 	because, repeat after me. he is a nigger 
 White Northerners Are Adopting The Confederate Battle Flag    
 		where's the haha button on Gab? 
 		Tell him how you Really feel, Chris. 
 		Chris mad!  Chris smash! 
 		Rob mad! Rob queef! 
 		Rob mad! Rob queef! 
 "My Family, My People, My Nation, and My God mean everything to me. I am a Nationalist and I want to honor them and take care of them. So I'm Socialist too. "- The national socialist who sounds like a communist . Retard 
 When one has nothing to offer but insults (fill in the blank with the first thing that comes to mind) ____________________ 
 	Who is this faggot to lecture anyone?  
 New Q drop: This is getting serious. Someone has sent General Mattis an envelope with Ricin in it!    
 		The need for judge Kavanaugh confirmation is critical for the plan. He makes a solid 5-4 vote in the Sc for future challenges! This was their weak attempt "to send a message". 
 		Sounds plausible, but I don't believe this is a dialog, or that there is any "message" anymore, other than "I kill you sonofabitch." We have transcended messages, Imo. 
 		Thank God they have failed! I think you can thank 9/11 for this one so there is already a review system in place (if you can remember this was tried back then). 
 		We must stop them by any means necessary, because having begun,  they will continue until they succeed, and after as well. Yes, I remember recent history. "I remember 20 years ago like it was yesterday. I just can't remember yesterday." 
 		Personally I will be concerned if judge Kavanaugh is not confirmed; otherwise, there are very smart and dedicated people working on this (plan)! 
 		The dead will not be able to vote in this confirmation. Kavanaugh will be confirmed. ;-) 
 		That's a harsh statement but I agree about the judge! 
 		I hope it proves to be merely harsh rather than prescient. We do say though, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. 
 		I agree! 
 		I agree! 
 Cunt 
 Zoom in on this pic! It's 90% men! They all need to start marching back!      Hundreds of Hondurans head for Us border in mass migration 'march'    
 	This is exactly what is happening in Europe; this is orchestrated, and paid for by the Cunt Soros. These are Invaders! 
 why does that girl only have 1 shoe ?  is she extra retarded ? 
 	Is that shit still going.  
 	Is that shit still going.  
 Like I said:    You Fucking Retard 
  check this shit out, bruh    
 	The traitor cunt is going down. God bless America. 
 I don't trust how globalist government over this brexit deal one little bit I got gut feeling they done fucking dirty thing to us population of 17.5 million people like of me that voted out and still want out but I can May s evil plans to keep has in and cunt queen 
 	'if i responded to you value that deeply'- Sounds like a special sort of cunt 
 	'if i responded to you value that deeply'- Sounds like a special sort of cunt 
 Know your enemy.      
 	  
 		What a bunch of fairy gay faggot freaks! 
  
 	Yet another artist that had fame and fortune and doors opened others never got that rails hate about Trump quite curiously.I wonder if Snoop is scared it's all going away for some reason? 
 		Niggers are locked into their interests, which include - affirmative action, promotion of miscegenation by the government & corporations, gibs me dat and media portrayals that spin their negatives into positives. When a funny nigger breaks from this tribal loyalty and becomes friendly with the enemy (Whitey), the nigger sees this as a betrayal. 
 You’ll be getting a text from President Trump tomorrow at 2:18 p.m. Et   
 		That's Jeff Sessions in action. Punish the victims, not the criminals. Justice only for those who can afford it. 
 		That's Jeff Sessions in action. Punish the victims, not the criminals. Justice only for those who can afford it. 
  
 		 
 		 
  
 	Trumpsters are all the same - retarded sheep. 
 After The Red Wave Of Freedom On Nov. 6TH, President Trump Needs To Deport George CLOOnEY And BETo O'Rourke To Leprechaun LAnd!   
 	 
 		 
 			a shiny nigger 
  
 	This is such faggot shit. 
 Just A Sweet Picture of Flotus In Africa.     
 		Go suck your beloved nigger dicks, cuck. 
 Yeah except Gordon Gekko broke the back of middle management & the middle class in the 80's    
 	Going Hollywood? Volcano Magic? How she do that? Remember Rambo, Michael Jackson, Rocky, Star Wars, PCs, Apple, Hulk Hogan, Indiana Jones, Mount St. Helens, short shorts? What's Katie's secret? New York City (Nyc)? Portland (Pdx), Or? What makes life?      
 		Fuck off Jew cunt 
 Obama doesn't believe in making stuff up. So he'd never say anything like "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Or blame the Benghazi massacre on a YouTube video. 
 	that Nigger Is A Muslim And A Fking Fraud. He Needs Hung After HIs Military Trial Of Course.  
 Cnn Soy Boy Brian Stelter is upset that President Trump is doing too many interviews - Video:      
 	fat jew faggot 
 Well Here I Am Fresh In Face Book Jail For USInG Word Faggots Lol I Love A Mr BRAInS Faggot ? Fredom Of Speech Is Gone 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 Every time you change your avi you delete your posts? 
 	only if you're retarded 
 I Shudada to think. Looney tune Sinead O'connor goes full retard    
 Is this a true story       
 		Common knowledge not to eat where niggers work. I had a nigger at Subway try and swipe the twenty right from in front of me. Niggers are fucking useless 
 This nigger song maker thinks that the jews own every system, but magically wouldn't be able to pay feds and anarchist queers to fucking kill us Lol 
 I miss being able to call GiGi a nigger on Twitter 
 Kavanaugh   For Chinese eyes, only: 
 		Fox is no longer holding back. Yesterday they were calling them socialists and communists; and they've been running a lot on Soros etc; and reporting on all the stuff going around social media (e.g. about the lying "victims," Soros connections, the Democrat's crimes etc). 
 		 
 		 
 Isaac Kappy and David Brock.  
 	This could be the left trying to discredit Kappy.  He has exposed many of the pedophiles in Hollywood.  Just saying.  Brock is a Demonic Faggot pig 
 Rt PrisonPlanet    Out of touch multimillionaire elitist celebrity shills for giant globalist bureaucracy. Remember when rock and roll was anti-establishment?    
 	Faggot piece of shit.  Doesn't live in an environment that he is wanting the rest of the world to live in.  Kill him.  He serves no human purpose.  Angry today.  more coffee. 
 	Let’s be honest. It’s going to be glorious to see u working in a concentration camp. Really is. And just right around 85lbs, sucked up & weak. A high dose of Lsd will b administered and it (you) will b tossed into a cell with sexually starved migrants.  
 		I'm sorry, what was that? I had my retard filter on and it filtered out everything you just said. 
 		I'm sorry, what was that? I had my retard filter on and it filtered out everything you just said. 
  
 	It's fucking hilarious that the NPCs are so retarded that they need to have Snopes fact check memes. Everything about them is a meme and there is nothing they can do about it.  
 Hello all   Many have gone over to MeWe for the time being. There's a  group up and running. Try and get over there. If not, hope to catch you on the other side.    xxx 
 		 Well if some cunt is telling you, then you should obey faggot.  
 Why Are All These Fucking Faggot Pink Pussy Hat Wearing Dipshits Putting Me On Follow ?   WHat Part Of. "I HatE Loathe And And Am Disgusted With All Freakaziods FaggotS And Dykes.This Includes FaggotS Wearing Dykish Pink Pussy HatS !"   I need to go cool off now !    Im so disgusted right now i could puke ! 
  
 	I'm more native American than this cunt and all my descendants are from Europa. 
 PatriotInfidel = faggot    
 Don't vote for the Gop     
 	Are you just stupid? 
 		The left is insane so you cry like a nigger begging for Trump to do something.  Giving the left more power just leaves you with no one to turn to. And when Speaker Pelosi declares that your guns be taken from you and sends in Tyrone, yea, you're not gonna do shit then either. 
 Ladies, I need your help.  I’m 5’1 tall, 46 years old and 20 pounds too heavy. Please give me your dieting advice.  Thanks in advance, Short Pudgey Rachel.    
 	Find a long-dicked nigger to fuck your ass 3 times a day.500 calories an hour 
 	All this because of you got butthurt that he called you out for reverance of the Virgin Mary lol.  Better watch out Tyr you made him the big mad.  
 	All this because of you got butthurt that he called you out for reverance of the Virgin Mary lol.  Better watch out Tyr you made him the big mad.  
 He wants you to start banning people like twitter. Therefore, on this issue I am with you 100% against that faggot Vox. 
 	Im smilin for it. So there's that. 
 	Sums it up! 
 	Thank you for your service! May God bless you and yours mightily.  Maga 
 		Thank you, Paige  It was my honor.   
 	Lolol0 
 	 
 	Shittest Mount Rushmore addition concept ever 
 	Disgusting picture.  
 If you are an American and you love America it does not matter what the color of your skin, you are an American. That’s for all you racist on Gab. 
 	Where do you find all the Vile Racist askeNAZI Jews and Democrats!  All Jews and Democrats are human sewage but are so Retarded that they are completely unconscious.  If you find any of these Npc's, please tell me as I will intellectually shove them down the shithole where they belong! 
 Video evidence and a confession, these two should be swinging from a rope.    
 	kill these nigger bastards.  2 black lives that don't matter for shit. 
 	Lol What's wrong with its eye? 
 		Probably showed up stoned for photo op 
 		Lol Sounds plausible. 
 		Lol Sounds plausible. 
    Report Finds Un Employs 3,300 Pedophiles, Responsible for 60,000 Rapes in Last 10 Years  A former high-level official from within the Un has blown the whistle on a pedophilia network of massive proportions involving thousands of Un employees wreaking havoc on tens of thousands of innocent children.  In just ten years, under the guise of rendering aid, the United Nations has literally been raping and pillaging countries across the world. The problem has gotten so out of hand that it prompted the former Un insider, Andrew Macleod, to blow the whistle and hand over the evidence to Britain’s Department for International Development (Dfid) Secretary Priti Patel.   
 	yet, Trudeau is signing a Un Compact of Migration in December   It cedes all rights on national immigration policies to the Un. With the goal of relocating 245 Million worldwide immigrants   It will implement a version of M103 that will be binding on all "citizens of the world" 
 		So when is that ignorant twat up for re-election? Not soon enough, clearly.  
  Pelosi Levels Ominous Threats at Non-Democrats 
 	Threaten them back dammit! All Jews and Democrats are extremely Retarded pieces of shit! And she is both Plus another intellectually challenged female, the much less intelligent sex!  Nobody should ever listen to a thing she says! 
 i just don't know where to begin or what to say.    reader beware this is an awful story.    
 		Ironically they could probably do so if this were a world of only whites where everybody was the same and like them. 
 		Ironically they could probably do so if this were a world of only whites where everybody was the same and like them. 
 Mississippi Band Barred From Competing After Depicting Cops at Gunpoint During Performance    
 	Good! Fucking niggers! Irony defined is that they will call the cops After one of their nigger homies gets waxed on the street corner dealing heroin 
 I thought to too with Trump. But i was so wrong. He rails every day at fake news. But believe me the payments to Israel and the wars are coming. You can use the words that work without meaning it. And trust me torba will even tell you he doesnt mean it 
 		?  
 		I'm literally using the same logic you applied to Trump, yet you're somehow confused?  Were you dropped on the head when you were a kid or something? 
 		No dipshit I am saying how words, not actions, can be vague enough to be used as controlled opposition. This is a complicated concept you probably cant understand. 
 		For example if Trump started executing journos, I wouldnt care if he called them Jews or not. But as it stands he will never do that so in order to get credit and not be controlled op he needs to be explicit 
 		You have no idea what the hell you're babbling about.  I will not read anymore of your mind numbing ignorance. It's a waste of my time. 
 		You have no idea what the hell you're babbling about.  I will not read anymore of your mind numbing ignorance. It's a waste of my time. 
 Reported 
 	This dude is a nigger fail troll.  
 Is she going to Arkincide joe?  2020: Strategist: Advisers Telling Hillary She Can Win Nom. if Biden Doesn’t Run   
 		In any rate Trump will destroy any of their picks big time.  He has the goods on them 
 		Beta will fade out once he has enough drinking $$$ 
 		Beta will fade out once he has enough drinking $$$ 
 @5PY_HUN73R 
 	Looks like we have a vile Racist Retarded Leftist Piece Of Shit!  How does it smell with your head up your Ass! 
 	wow so libra 
 			typical pisces, i knew it! 
 				Is this because I pranked you! ;-; I said I was Sowwy and I wubed u 
 					 
 							wow, wow hold your horses 
 								Oof 
 										Tfw we’re not a mushy-gushy Hot-Hot Gamer Couple 
 No president has ever put pressure on Mexico this way.    The Mexicans always said that an open border was a relief valve. If we clamped down on illegal immigration, all those migrants would go home--poor and pissed off--and they'd overthrow the Mexican government.    Then Mexico would become a failed state like Somalia, and we'd have to invade, occupy, and nation build. There are multiple studies outlining this scenario.            Trump said, "You're using the threat of becoming a failed state to blackmail us. Well, we'll just wall you off and let You deal with the hell you created by being corrupt and dishonest."   As we keep seeing, everything we were told before the Trump Era was a lie.    Although that's extremely horrifying to contemplate, at least we lived long enough to see it all change.    God bless Donald Trump. 
 	Operation Wetback 2.0 here we come! 
 	Why even bother with losers like ? What kind of obsessive loser claims to hate Hitler and Nazis and yet has an entire gab account devoted to gay Hitler/Nazi fantasies. LoL 
 		I understand. You let the nazi trannies do your dirty work ;) 
 			LuL No I just have them take out the trash seeing how such trivialities are a little bellow me don't you think? No run along back to your weird Nazi themed gay Israeli sex party. 
 				What a nazi faggot ;)  
 Glad to see that  has bravely resisted the purity spiral, and broken free of the ideological echo chamber of the pro-White movement. In this piece, he courageously puts forth a plan for White survival. Specifically, that Daily Stormer readers should purchase White eggs, fertilize them in a laboratory, and insert the fertilized eggs into the low end Asian whores they've been fucking. Genius.     
 		it might seem ridic 2day, but 50 years from now we might look back at the anglin plan and wonder what if. 
 		intentionally or not it is a troll of WNs who don't prioritize taking away vag-niggers' rights by any means.  Gtk is beyond pipe-dream while (((women))) who oppose a border wall more than Actual Spics do are allowed a say.  My solution is comprehensive, deliciously ironic, and honors the Fuhrer's lament that Martel prevented our Islamization.  
 		I think it's deliberate agitation. He knows we know he likes Asian women. 
 		I think it's deliberate agitation. He knows we know he likes Asian women. 
 The pinnacle of :   1. The Us said from the beginning Canada was not a problem when it came to Nafta. Mexico was.  2. Canada was offered a bilateral deal. Freeland refused.  3. Mexico and the Us drafted a bilateral deal -- UsMCA.  4. Freeland takes deal on last day, on the State's terms.  5. Freeland / Trudeau caused a One Year in delay causing $Bs of dollars in lost investments in to Canada.  6. Tariffs are still there, as Canada still refuses to close the China-loop where China is abusing the old Nafta construct.  7. Oh, but look at FakeNews. Read this in a baby voice so liberals can understand: Who's "saving the country"? 
 	Mindless Bint ! 
 	Mindless Bint ! 
  Ceo is a weak faggot for this shit move 
 tucker Carlson just reported that Hillary "I'm the biggest cunt on the planet" Clinton, &5 of her aids have lost their security clearances! oh happy day! now the question is, why did her aides have top level security clearances in the first place? we're another step closer to arrests, perp walks, and military tribunals! if you want this vote republican! 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 hardly anyone uses this site.  there's barely any good content, no good memes. 99% of the users are boring anti-semites who only ever post about politics, the only humor on here that's actually funny is unintentional but despite all taht, the fact taht i can say nigger on here as much as i want without getting b& makes this The Best social media site. 
 Gerard Batten does very well in this interview.  Even if he does get my name wrong.    
 	the nigger looks angry. ooooooooo. scary nigger 
 Wow! Obama could not even fill a small pavilion in Vegas today! They had to partition it off. Sorry Barry, people can only take so many lies 
 	obama hussein is a stupid nigger muslim that needs hanged until dead   
 	Evening Gizzy  
 		Evening mate, hope you are enjoying a few bottles and cans tonight  
 		Yes matey, feeling much better the last few days.  Hope you're well buddy  
 		Good to hear you are having better times, you were going through shit a week or so ago. Aye things not too bad here bud  
 		Good to hear you are having better times, you were going through shit a week or so ago. Aye things not too bad here bud  
 You take a step back.off a cliff you cuck.Go to nigger town . 
 Of course they do that. It's Human Nature. Their worldview is threatened. A realistic view of what organized Jewish power is actually doing 2 us tears down the narrative that almost every American believes. Even worse, unless ur a faggot or a sociopath it demands u do something about it. 
 It was a very cold morning, It was still dark out when I left to catch the 7:20 Am Bus to my Liberal High School.    I was listening to  Power Level to take my mind off my frozen hands.   I always love to listen to  songs to lighten my mood as I head to my Liberal High School. 
 	faggot 
 Chris Stirewalt.   Do me a favor.   Shut the hell up.you equivocating faggot phony .   Go swap your drivel spit with that other Fox Rino asshole Dana PeRino. 
 Typical retard reaction to someone's explanation. Can't stand reality.Or truth.Go curl up in the corner and weep. 
  
 		Is this what the left want to see happen to our peace officers?  
 			The Most Significant Reason For Hesitation On The Part Of The OfFICER Is Our Fucked Up Legal System. If The Criminals Actually Had To Be RESPOnSIBLE For TheIR Criminal Acts, TheY Would Think Twice About Slicing Up People. Instead The Legal System Puts An Undo Burden On The Police To Be Politically Correct. Fuck That Shit. Shot To Kill First.  
 			The Left want all of our White Cops Dead (b/c they actually Uphold the Law). The Left want Anarchy (Robbery, Rape & Murder) to be a Commonplace Staple in Reality. The Left are Communist Hippie Losers who are Jealous of Hard Working White Americans, to a Point of Violent Animosity. They are becoming more Violent & Unhinged witheach Passing Day. 
 				Freaks with bats. 
 			These people are unhinged. There has always been a percentage of mentally ill people in any population.The percentage hasn't changed, it's just now there are more people and thus more crazies.They need to be dealt with or the rest of us will bear the consequences. 
 			looking fwd to the moment when one takes a swing at me and i can start throat punch Thursdays early. These stupid women live in a false reality that will get some of them killed.  
 			looking fwd to the moment when one takes a swing at me and i can start throat punch Thursdays early. These stupid women live in a false reality that will get some of them killed.  
 Andrew Interrupted commented on your post.6 minutes: "Creating a Communist Utopia"   Andrew Interrupted   1 Reply  Repost  Quote  a minute ago   Captain Bob    Yes, this is even better, Commies shooting beautiful unarmed women. Big brave men. Don't think for a minute that today's green haired Dyke slugs wouldn't do the same to us and our wives and children now if given the chance. We have Everything against us but somehow we must overcome through wit and wile and defeat these Commies or it's over. Now is the time for words and ideas, act now before things get very much worse. Strength in numbers. 
 fuck off kikesucker faggot 
 With Jerry Van Dyke   The Dillards Buckin' Mule The Judy Garland Show  www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEVT7ibPGL4 
 With Jerry Van Dyke   The Dillards Buckin' Mule The Judy Garland Show  www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEVT7ibPGL4 
 I have a suggestion that is likely to represent a good portion of my next book.  We should stop thinking of civic nationalism and ethno nationalism as opponents and instead see them as a sliding scale.   In truth, I think they're part of a continuum.  A strong government creates certain values that hold people together - civic nationalism.  If acted upon wisely, those values migrate into civil society and develop corresponding belief structures - cultural nationalism.  Over time, people who live in a common space with links through blood and culture form an ethnicity - ethno nationalism.   The problem we have is that existing ethno-nations and cultures, which represent more developed forms of identity - therefore more resilient to integration - are being placed in numbers in our societies far greater than we can handle.  Intentionally so, and it must stop, but we should not let this betrayal deter us from understanding nationalism on the merits.   The gap between civic nationalists and ethno-nationalists can be bridged, if civic nationalists understand not everyone fits and people must be slowly added, if at all, and held to account, and ethno-nationalists understand creating an ethnicity, as in Europe, was a process that took over a hundred years.    Where we should agree is we cannot continue our current immigration policies, and to retain any form of nationalism, we cannot just stop bringing new people in, but will require fresh thinking on how to shift demographics, return people to their points of origin, and be far more selective about any new entrants. 
 	I don't think civic nationalism can be seen as being part of a sliding scale towards ethnonationalism. Civic nationalism is globalism packaged as nationalism. It is false.   Civic nationalists are gatekeepers who offer whites a feel-good illusion that comforts their egalitarian programming.  
 		Some who are at that level certainly serve that way, but I disagree because I was thinking about how culture forms, and it is often is in response to specific political scenarios if you go back to origins.  Civic nationalism seems like the most immature form of nationalism, and from the American perspective, represents backsliding from cultural unity we once enjoyed.  But I can't argue that many use laws and symbols to retard further advancement.  I don't think anyone has made quite this argument I'm advancing, at least not recently.  Although I could be wrong. 
 		Some who are at that level certainly serve that way, but I disagree because I was thinking about how culture forms, and it is often is in response to specific political scenarios if you go back to origins.  Civic nationalism seems like the most immature form of nationalism, and from the American perspective, represents backsliding from cultural unity we once enjoyed.  But I can't argue that many use laws and symbols to retard further advancement.  I don't think anyone has made quite this argument I'm advancing, at least not recently.  Although I could be wrong. 
 This faggot gets to keep his account while I've lost six in the last Week simply for talking about what jews do without using any curse words or slurs.  
 History of Saudi Arabia (House of Saud) a badly narrated account of this Shit Arab cunt flap;    
 I'm not going to say much about this, except to report the gist of what happened.    One of my female relatives lives alone with her daughter in a large city in Fl.   Her daughter works, and was away at work when this happened.    My relative went out to her garden late yesterday morning, came back inside and didn't lock the door behind her, and so was followed into the house by a vibrant individual.      Shortly after the event, she called my dad, who told her to call 911 and he'd be over.  (Not unusual for people in my family to call either my dad or I in preference to 911.)  An ambulance took her to the hospital for the standard rape kit and also treatment of multiple lacerations because it took place in the bathroom and glass items/shower door/mirror were broken as she struggled.  While she was in the hospital, crime scene investigators went over her house and removed several items for fingerprint/Dna analysis etc.    For undisclosed reasons, this particular relative cannot be armed, though her daughter is.  But her daughter wasn't home.  The last thing she needed was the event of yesterday.    My Dad is there now taking care of things and making sure she is okay.      It's likely I'll disappear for a couple of days in the near future just to help out with installing some security stuff etc.   When I disappear, my phones etc don't come with me.  If I don't answer texts, calls or email, don't be concerned -- I'll get to it when I get back.  Family first! 
 		A wise man who does not know what opportunities may present themselves is careful about his wording. He wouldn't want anything to be misconstrued or taken out of context. 
 		Yeah true.  
 		Yeah true.  
 Sexual deviant Met chief defends cowardly deputy who locked himself in car during terrorist rampage:  via  
 	What a cunt 
 Why is   holding things up until possibly 2020  time. What's the point  will  and we will end up with the  twat . Let's hope  or  get a hold. I despair,  must go. 
 Why is   holding things up until possibly 2020  time. What's the point  will  and we will end up with the  twat . Let's hope  or  get a hold. I despair,  must go. 
 Worthless Pos! 
 	this nigger needs to be swinging from a tree by his neck. lynch this worthless knuckle dragger 
  
 	Faggot 
 Elizabeth Warren releases Dna results.   The results:   41% Braindead   22% Stupid   17% Insane   9% Delusional   6% Bowel blockage   5% Turnip   .0001% Indian 
 	1,000% retard 
 A guy named Steven Actually posted this!   Being against Jews is not the same thing as being against all Semites. Therefore anti-Jew doesn't necessarily equal anti-Semite. I have problems with Jews but I love Sumerians and Canaanites and Phoenicians, which are all Semite groups. See post 
 	That's me. Calling me an anti-semite doesn't make any sense because there are many semite groups that I like. I am only anti-Hebrew.  
 		National Socialists are silly because they claim to be against Jewish supremacy, but the Nazi party was entirely practicing a Jewish religion, Christianity. It's a retarded contradiction. I don't have much respect for the national socialists because there is a lack of consistency.  
 	The Hack Deserved Every Word And More. Too Bad Its Inappropriate To BACKHAnd A Fake News Libtard 
 		 
 		Browns, they always revert to their base behavior when they don't want a second job to support Illegal Aliens 
 		Isn't it amazing the Majority of Latinos who came to America legally want No Part of the illegal invasion? And they always ignore the fact that Caesar Chavez loved using the term Wet Back. Even he did not like their lazy bullshit.  
 		For Sure  
 	Meanwhile, Keith Ellison running for Ag and there's proof. . but lets not discuss that ;)  
 	Wrong. What do we want? Tax cuts!  When do we want them? Now! 
 yo what's with all the jew hatred here at gab? 
 	It's really weird.  I'm on the National No Call List, but the solicitors keep calling.  They make appointments, and then they send a Jewish guy.  Why are so many Jewish People involved in this particular crime?  
 		that's one cool schindlers list, must have a lot of jews on that there list 
 				well jews can grow noses and fiat currency 
 				well jews can grow noses and fiat currency 
 If President Obama is such an economy wizard why didn’t he tell everyone the big results weren’t coming until 2018?   I recall him saying those jobs were never coming back. 
 	Queer nigger 
 Alleged Synagogue Shooter Was Avid Anti-Trump Nazi, Believed President Was Controlled by Jews .   That really says it all. Bowers posted those sentiments regularly yet remarks made by some media saying that @a Andrew is responsible is truly bullshit and incitement against a site that doesn't promote such stuff! Frankly that's slanderous! Is anyone surprised that the left will aim this at the right?   Typical of liberal media . Placing blame erroneously to cover it's own incitement to violence. They have nothing else to offer but hatred.                    @a          
 	Hey and where was such fall out on twitter when that nigger shot up a white church last Oct? 
 Finnish Court Rules Sex With Children Is Permitted.   What the fcuk are you thinking Finland, it’s not right under any religion. Noooooooooooo     
 	Old news. But clumsy white justice borderlining maffia, as we are all getting familiar with. Are all these judges retarded boomers or (((members)))? White shariah.  
 I would have let the seagulls feast on her carcass and let the nigger go.  
  Shocked  With a Primary Win. But an  Inquiry Clouds His Campaign.        
 	this useless thug socialist nigger will turn my state into detroit. there will be massive white flight and the state will be doomed just like everywhere else that affirmative action niggers are gerrymandered into office. This state is something like %79 republican registered. if this shitnigger wins it will be by voter fraud and niggery 
 No goyim, they wanted to have an overly elaborate mentally retarded scheme whereby they pretended to be sending people to showers at gunpoint and then gassed them, because if the jew knew he was going to his certain death, he would have somehow escaped or something.  
 3-year-old accidentally shoots, wounds brother      
 	Let me guess, the gun is at fault, not the retarded parent. 
 Awww, is the coward and pussy upset because there are some black people smarter than You? Hahahahaha!  Maybe if you weren't such a lonely, hateful, retard you'd have some friends, maybe a girl to get laid, and a life outside of your little liberal circle of hate.  Lol, you're so pathetic it's actually hilarious! 
 	The cops are on the same side as the gun owners! Rofl 
 			I see another adolescent with the mentality of a 2 year old on his mommies computer. 
 					Now don't make me put you over my knee kid! 
 						is that what's on your mind ?  pedo. 
 							Stop crying your mommy will make it all better! 
 								still with the kids. pedo. 
 												look at the cunt trying to back track. none of that shit. Fo. 
 We need to track down every immigration lawyer who supports Democrats and ensure they are not aiding and abetting these caravans. If they are, arrest them for treason. 
 	We need to set up a few cannons and in some gun powder, ball bearings and a Jew to shoot at them. We could finally put the retarded Jew to good use! 
 Guilty even if eventually proven innocent just like Duje,,, Kavanaugh no longer teaching at Harvard after outcry   
 	Harvard is a retard factory. Why even bother having lawyers (or law) if people can be pronounced guilty without evidence?  
 ####, it don't mater how you look at it'   ## Communist Cunt The Union Thug Is Simply Un-Electable, If You Love THIs Nation , Simple And Pure, It No Rocket Science Just Common Cense 
 Poll: Gillum holds razor-thin lead in Florida governor race      
 	Ooo what a lie.  There are far more Republican voters for DeSantis than dems for Gillum.  He Lost Miami.  Even Cuba 2.0 doesn't want another socialist. 
 		I can't wait for the socialist revival and the mass euthanasia of Trump supporters.   We'll try to make it quick and painless 
 			Gab is for white trash niggers and closeted faggot pigs 
 no our dear leader @A promoting fake news? re faggot Rep. Harris his last gasp should be to legalize cannabis and Maga like a man in that pussy assed party. the Rep. was never assaulted as much as any freedom loving American that has been arrested, fired from job  and shamed for wanting an herb to be decriminalized.  prove me wrong while I rub some oil on my arthritis 
 This movement doesn't need polemics as much as it needs logistics. Our lack infrastructure, not a lack of red shoes or whatever, is the reason we failed to maintain our momentum in the past year or so. 
 	Is that a cum-cum on for the Whigger Mattoid to post on Rabbi Linder's Virtual Colostomy Bag Nnf/ TraitorGlenn Miller Nnf?  It is one of my golden year's most precious moments that prion-poisoning of deer originated in Missouri in Adair County, home of the gut-sick jewboy with Crohns/jew ass-Gaids, having nothing to eat but kosher Cwd deer anuses. 
 Meet the retarded thought police,todays modern version of the keystone cops:   Twitter Posts Millions Of "Meddling" Tweets From Russia, Iran "Information Operations" | Zero Hedge  
 This is a typical   used to cover up a group effort. it would be retarded to this this  would be able to get all these  though the mail system, oh wait narrative changed to couriers to deliver all these people across the country without ratting him out immediately. what service did he use anyways? 
 that Jew whore cunt Ivanka is telling him Not to. 
 Coming soon. 
 	Lmwao. Now that might be one nigger show I would watch 
 Marty Smith:    Susan Rice’s Pro-Kavanaugh Son       Allegedly Assaulted on Stanford Campus 
 	Rice has to be gaping cunt for her own kid to be so vehemently rightist.  
 They can have the entire Southern Hemisphere and half of the Northern Hemisphere - but that still isn’t enough for them. 
 	And of course the cunt who wrote it isn't white. But is she also a (((she)))? 
 	Its double plus special Olympics gay. 
 You know, you kids and your faggot ass sex bullshit makes me sick ! Something so sick, and wimpy, could only come from the younger generation, and so popular with you, that it even has a fucking name ! Grow a pair of hairy ones boys ! Stop being he-she’s ! 
 Foreseeing Landslide Victory, Brazil’s Bolsonaro Begins Considering Cabinet Picks          #1A #2A                         vs      
 	Maybe you ought to consider how to rid yourselves of that Muzzie Invasion you've been on your knees to? 
 Better than them changing their gender.   "Teenage boys share offensive memes about Holocaust, rape and slavery to score ‘lad points’, expert says"    
 	Sounds like they've been listening to their new muzzie friends. 
 Hoax.  Please delete to help stop it from spreading.   Search on Dick Van Dyke death hoax.   Please no chatter about the death hoax, which clogs ability to try to stop it.   I will delete this post after you delete the death hoax.   The internet has a long history of death hoaxes.  Please check to see if it's a hoax before reposting any death notices. 
 Hoax.  Please delete to help stop it from spreading.   Search on Dick Van Dyke death hoax.   Please no chatter about the death hoax, which clogs ability to try to stop it.   I will delete this post after you delete the death hoax.   The internet has a long history of death hoaxes.  Please check to see if it's a hoax before reposting any death notices. 
 	Welcome To Gab   For help with the basics -    This is a free speech platform, so you may not be comfortable with everything you see, but the choice on if you want to engage within the public square is up to you because Gab is where You control what is censored. So mute anyone you don't want to see, those you think are trolls/spammers, or anyone that you get "triggered" by. Believe me that you will encounter a few in your Gab travels   There are 2 ways to do it:   Either click on the 3 dots at the top right of the post, and then click "Mute user" from the drop down list, or go here, where you can also manage your mutes.    Here is the main Gabteam to follow if you would like to follow updates    - Andrew Torba (Ceo and founder of Gab)   - Ekrem Büyükkaya (Head Software Engineer at Gab)  These people are Very busy so don't expect an answer from them directly, although Andrew sometimes will engage users here time permitting.  I think a must to follow is Gab Support.    You might also Introduce Yourself    Accounts some new users look for   InfoWars -  His Live 24/7 Stream can also be accessed via the Videos Tab  Paul Joseph Watson -   James O'Keefe -   Pat Condell -   Thomas Wictor -   ℕ𝔼𝕆ℕ ℝ𝔼𝕍𝕆𝕃𝕋    Cyprian Nyakundi -   Nicholas N. Oseko -   Stefan Molyneux -   Tommy Robinson -   Imam Tawhidi -   Patrick little -  (Controversial Us Senate Candidate in California.)  David DuByne -   Black Pigeon Speaks -   Styxhexenhammer666 -   Jeremy -   Mark Dice -   Wife With A Purpose -   BillMitchell -   Dr. Steve Turley -   Dave Cullen -   Bill Warner -   The Daily Stir -   Ben Garrison Cartoons -   Stephen Zimmer -   BitChute -   Flávio Bolsonaro -    The song dedicated to Gab by the Mamas @ the Pepes.      Gab for Android   (Creator)  (amq gets busy, so you may want to add him, but please try not disturb him.)  (Location of the Apk)   (Group)   For Assistance try  (Group) Gab Tutorials and Update Notices    If you have any questions please ask any or all of the volunteer welcome committee:                  A shout out to some of the Gab accounts                             @m    Some twitter account feeds are also echoed onto Gab. An example is  echoed to      You can post from Gab and have it echo to Twitter   Some Hashtags in use can be found at   
 			You seem to be a little upset. Mute me if it bothers you so much :) 
 				Never mute the mentally challenged.   They provide the most <LAUghS> 
 					Communist democrat 
 							Like I said commie demon rat   
 														Repeat.  Parrot.  [npc]  Rinse 
 Don't have to wave those flags. We get you're a faggot christian 
 Ol Hollian will have the shortest Pro membership stint in the history of Gab from the looks of it. Sad. 
 	See, I told you so. 
 		For the record, if gab struggles going forward it wasn’t because of any malfeasance like you predicted. Factors beyond his control are at work. 
 			I laid out more than one fail scenario.   I called it on Azure, and this is the Same Attack Vector. He had One Million Bucks to work with to build infrastructure. He got married instead.   Torba should have read less philosophy and more science fiction. 
 				we're all getting v& aren't we. that chubby faggot is gonna fold & sell us all down the river for a hoagie & a bucket of cheese fries isn't he? 
 From a coffee cup, on the roof, with my Grandmother.   She'll talk to me about men.  She loved men.  She was a blast.      
 	How will you drink your jack Daniel's today? Wow. Presumptuous much? Lol 
 		Keep talking . we're done here.  You can go hang in spam because you've had all the airtime you get from me.  There are lots of other assholes there.  You'll fit right in.  Be sure and find a seat in the cunt section.  Piece of advice . if you want to survive as a troll, learn something.   
 Before we go ahead and canonize Brett Kavanaugh, it would be well to understand that the man is a judge. He has probably caused the ruination of the lives of many people, including some who did not deserve that.   What do judges do? Almost all of them will not allow constitutional arguments in their courtrooms. Almost all of them reject jury nullification of bad laws. Almost all of them send people into cages for violating (usually unconstitutional) "mala prohibita" such as drug laws and gun laws.   I'm not sad Kavanaugh was confirmed, as it's always fun to bloody the nose of the leftists. But the Supreme Court is a fixture of the Deep State. It is not a friendly institution. 
 	Scotus (supposedly) holds up Statutory Law (i.e. the whims of whomever happens to get a personal hobbyhorse accepted by Congress).  Nuff said.  
 		you both suck sand nigger cock. stop it 
 Tucker tonight really shows the Jewish war on whites. (((Christine Fair))) outright calls for mass murder of white non-jewish men and Twitter will never ban this subhuman vermin. 
 	They banned this evil cunt After Tucker showed the tweet on air last night.  
 	Time to raise the black flag and start slitting throats.  
 		I'm almost certain there will be a war. Whether it's started by degenerate leftist freaks or those on the Right is irrelevant. 
 		I'm almost certain there will be a war. Whether it's started by degenerate leftist freaks or those on the Right is irrelevant. 
 Obama doesn't believe in making stuff up. So he'd never say anything like "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Or blame the Benghazi massacre on a YouTube video. 
 		Lying sack of Muzzie shit!  Back to Kenya, monkey and stay there!   
  
 	the obama nigger muslim is a filthy child rapist, that filthy muzzy pile of shit doesn't even hide it anymore  
 but then a strange fear gripped me and I   just couldn't ask   The Smiths - There is a Light    
 	Morrissey - Los Angeles 2007   
 		faggot 
  
 	Fuck the commie dyke lookin bitch 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
    
 	Just a corrupted cunt acting like just that. 
 	Just a corrupted cunt acting like just that. 
 Cnn Panel Mocks Kanye West as Trump’s ‘Token Negro,’ Don Lemon Laughs  imagine the outrage if a major right-wing outlet did this.   
 	It's pronounced Nigger you stupid Shitskin  
  
 	commie cunt 
 	Look first to our own anti British traitors. 
 	Look first to our own anti British traitors. 
  
 	Communist Dyke 
 Rt :    .@RandPaul: There’s no way 15 people were sent to Turkey to kill a dissident without the approval of the crown Prince.  
 	Muslim Brotherhood agent the guys? Who cares how he ended? These people are at the base of 9/11 attacks Most terrorist attacks and probably Va mass shooting.  So forgive me if I clearly don't give a crap but I'm actually happy this cunt stopped breathing My oxygen.  
  
 	Now   do u now remember Marlene the deplorable  
 		you dumb nigger he has you muted.  that means he doesn't see any of this with or with out the tags.  you are a retarded fucker aren't you.  will you kill yourself when g+ shuts down?  if you're too scared to do it i will come do it for you.  just let me know where and when little faggit. 
 Cunt 
 Smithfield Foods employee allegedly urinates on production line, costs company 50,000 pounds of product      What are the odds that this worker is from some third-world country or is an illegal immigrant. 
 	It's a nigger according to the footage. 
 Why would I support the male version of a feminist?  Both things are degerate and retarded 
 It's wonderful he won't be able to carry his mentally retarded genes into the next generation. Kudos trannies! Keep chopping yer dicks & balls off!   Trans YouTuber Says It's Unfair He Can't Have Babies    
 Where the fuck am I gonna find a Cute Girl saying Nigger now? 
 Let’s make a pool bet   We dress up another car with Trump stickers   Leave it on the street in Broward County   Betcha it gets destroyed vandalized? 
 		Police scanner says the shooters vehicle was a Hyundai Sonata.  The bomb sqad is checking it right now. 
 		Police scanner says the shooters vehicle was a Hyundai Sonata.  The bomb sqad is checking it right now. 
 Update: Soros Elevator Activist and Illegal Alien Ana Maria Archila Made $178,071 in 2016 as a Far Left Activist  via    Me: An activist does not earn a living fighting for a cause, that is called an employee. This illegal alien bitch should be on the next flight out the country. 
 	How do we get that cunt deported? 
 	How do we get that cunt deported? 
 Give the spic a medal, that's how pandemics start. We can only pray Aids infects them all and they all die before spawning more sewer creatures  
 Twitter makes Me .Furious .    Look what they've done to Pastor Andrew Bronson!   Why Because he thanked Donald Trump for bringing him home?   Because he prayed for on National Television?   This Is Out Of Hand !   Smh.                                
 	Of course not.   Allowing Pastor Bronson to thank the President publicly goes against every left leaning guideline they have.      I'm curious if any "news" outlet aside from Fox covered the Pastor praying for him either. 
 		Christianity, whites and men must be persecuted in leftist land. 
 			go fuck yourself inbred retard  
 			 you are dumb 
 				You Are Dumb! 
 				You Are Dumb! 
 Gosh . that doesn't look gay At All. 
 		 
 		 
  
 	Don Lemon is a moron and a faggot 
 Jan 3 Sobieski    I guess your enormous head and supiriourity dint see that one coming .  Muted / Finished / Silenced / Irrelevant  Like I said Its chess not checkers .   Checkmate 
 	Retarded 
 I can guarantee that no one here has ever met an anti-semitic person in their life    the word Jew was he used to distinguish a person who studies Judaism what you came after Christianity, Mary and Joseph was not Jewish Jesus was not Jewish none of them practice Judaism even King David was Arab ,, jew is not a race 
 	Even in the Bible it says Abraham  (Arab) will become the father of all Nations ,,,, and that was more literally than figuratively of a  statement 
 		So when the Jews try to say you're being anti-Semitic or racist that is actually just one of their ways of twisting your mind into multiculturalism you can't claim a religion as your race it's retarded 
 	Point of fact is that if you judge a man by his character rather than his color you will find many a black man well preferable to yourself. Many Black People Who Are Better Than You! 
 		You get what you look for in life. Your filter of hate excludes you from the best 
 									Yes, Aids is Preventable, if you're White & Not a Degenerate Demon Monkey from Hell, who Cannot Restrain himself with any Amount of Willpower, because that is a Human White Trait/Quality. Charlize Theron is under the Misguided Notion/Belief that Nigger Demons are somehow Human Beings. 
 In Huddersfield a Muslim grooming gang which consisted of 20 men, received 220 years for 120 offences. They will only serve half their time in prison, which means they will each end up serving less than one year for each child they raped.    How is this a sufficient deterrent    
 		learn from the example-breach of injunction seems to carry far more weight . 
 		learn from the example-breach of injunction seems to carry far more weight . 
 			 Ed. Is that short for erectile dysfunction? Dick Mia 77 times? Is that what you're saying? 
 				Don't even try and play this off on me asshole. Somebody post's about coming back from a funeral only to find that her lifelong pet had also died over the time that she was gone and you decide to try and spin it off and try to troll me? You're a pathetic piece of shit, mother fucker. You're the exact reason why I plan to go to hell. Because motherfukers like you are not going to get off easy when I get there. 
 					"Don't even try and play this off on me asshole" Too late. 
 							 Insulting the deaf and the blind is A-Ok. But don't touch cats or you'll get internet tough gay act. 
 													 In a room full of dicks, you should not be  because his doesn't work. -Adolf Hitler, 1987. 
  Rob Bowers aka  joined  in January of 2018.   He had other social media accounts before that and was "radicalized" way before he joined us here.   Not that facts like this will matter to   I am sure.       ^ Tbh if that goes viral things might get interesting -- it's like a random sampling of Gab  posts. Lots of reposts of high profile accounts.   .   Ps: @a @e Wow i think his Gab posts being shared all over  means a Huge increase in visitors; I experienced huge lag for maybe 10 minutes but now seems to have resolved itself. Nice surprise load test! :) 
 	Did Twitter scrub 's account &  delete all his messages? 
 		He was here on Gab.  Looks like Gab killed his account pretty quick.  Twitter and Facebook always quickly kill accounts like this.  I thought Gab would be different, but they are not.  I guess they figure those that kill a bunch of people don't have free speech anymore. 
 			I was just thinking that about the fake mail bomb guy.  The Fbi is known for getting retarded people to commit terrorists acts for them so they can get a bigger budget.  
 3/ Anyone who mentions the "Overton window" is generally a retard.  It's like if you say "there's no wage gap" and then some faggot shows up like "Women Need To Stay In The Home And Just Have My Babies!  The White Race NeedS More Babies!"  That's the kind of mental retardation that we get on Gab thanks to white supremacists. 
 Swedish police think they can reduce the number of shootings with stop shooting campaign    
 	I can totally see that working, you know with migrants that already are quite shit at both English and Swedish as well as being illiterate allot of the times. I bet this will work just as well as the "please don't rape others" learning course they had for migrants in Norway. Must be some retarded politicians idea, this whole thing. 
 Ask that faggot about Hitler’s orders to gas the Jews. Or the Red Cross report saying it was a death camp. You won’t find them because they never existed. 
 	Backpfeifengesicht. 
 	Backpfeifengesicht. 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 " I'm not a nazi, though, because mob mentalities are for africans" How many moronic strawmen can a clueless retard fit in one sentece? Aaaand Go! 
  
 		Emerson biguns 
 		Damn!  
 			My thoughts exactly. 
 			My thoughts exactly. 
 "There's no such thing as bad publicity" - Some Faggot 
 Lib gee Ur a spoiled rich cunt so shut up brat 
 Just so odd this 'white knighting' from Republicans.  advocates for felons in prison to vote and  says if he was worried about racism he'd have left America long ago. These people, both of them are Poison. 
 	Yet they're doing more for Conservativism than most Conservatives are doing. 
 		Not sure. Trump, Cruz, now Graham. I mean the list just confirmed Kavanaugh.  I hate to end this now but I must.  My wife just said making fun of retarded people isn't fair.  Be well and consider suicide for a better America.  
 Posting on 4chan has grinded to a near halt, as users are reporting significant failures in posts going through.   There is speculation whether this is due to a simple Ddos attack, or a more sinister Mitm attack.   The fog of war is real. It seems somebody is trying everything they can to disrupt the flow of ideas and memes ahead of the November Midterm Elections. 
 	People using 4chan post-2014 are just retarded useful-idiots. 
  
 	Foul mouthed prostitute.  God hates you. 
 		go fuck a nigger kike 
 Jill Filipovic tells women to divorce their Republican husbands.   Jill are you fucking stupid? Why would any real man want to be married to some shrieking insane harpy that watches the view, follows you, and votes Hrc.    Kick the lefty bitch to the curb.    
 		Can't imagine putting up with something like a Joy Behar type for more than four seconds before punching her in the throat. 
 		Can't imagine putting up with something like a Joy Behar type for more than four seconds before punching her in the throat. 
 Her name is Samantha Ness. She's a grade school teacher in Minnesota. Her school director can be contacted at (651) 423-8100. 
 	has this stupid cunt been arrested yet? fired at least? 
 yo what's with all the jew hatred here at gab? 
 		I assure you there's plenty of negative/funny things to say about kikes as well but you seem to only have a problem with hatred directed at them. It's not like there's a lack of nigger hatred on here for you to bitch about so why only bitch about the kike hatred? 
 Why not let the cunt die?     
 David, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 If you are a Rabbi in America, molesting 4 children will Only get you 60 Days jail.   This is outrages!     
 	Under Yah's Law, that faggot pedorapist would be done. !   
 Islamic rules are incompatible with British laws, claims Archbishop of Canterbury.   No shit Sherlock     
 	British government will,go with the raghead law. Best of luck Uk. You will need all,you can get. 
 This okachobee nigger looks like he's sucked a dick or two in his day. Pegs muh agency exploitation meter. 
 Make the curry nigger Leave.  
 Some say I am like that every day of the week - but that really depends on them! Literally Lol. Good idea though lass.  As I tell my colleagues - if you're going to be a cunt be a Right one, not a stupid one! 
 Roflmfao  are filthy mouth  owned cunt liars    
 Looks like it's time to play everyone's favorite Internet forum game.   So retard or federal agent?  I'm gonna go against the flow here and call 'retard.' 
  
 	is this cunt a nigger ? Calif. voters are dilousanal 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	 B honest w Ur students & tell them that Ur a Communist, Fascist faggot who does Not believe in due process. That people R Innocent 'till proven guilty, & that not Every assault victim should be believed, especially after 36yrs, & w very questionable accounts of what happened. Oh, & U should Not B teaching anyone's children Ms Ponticelli. Ur an embarrassment to teachers the world over. 
 If anything the Fbi needs to investigate this cunt . ( angry )     
 The  says banning the niqab violates human rights. One more reason for the civilised world to reject this useless supranational entity.    
 	Why not throw such "right" back at them?     What if all over the West everyone would start wearing niqab, including us guys, as a West-wide demonstration against Islam.     Establishment would go nuts because it is a human right to wear this ghastly garb. Especially around Halloween it is. 
 		Mass protest in a niqab? 
 			Yes. Imagine the effect. It would project the future for the future generation and we can bring in banners to convey it to the deceived masses that this is how their world would like if they fail to stand up Now to this medieval cult. 
 				I like it. Should we remain in it for the rest of the protest denouncing such barbaric institutions that our governments are easily corrupted by or should we reveal ourselves after an initial period of time? 
 					As for the details we need to think about it. We can carry banners to demonstrate how the Sharia system when implemented fully (as they plan to) looks like, eg Sa >  One idea for a banner >  
 						How about talking about how systemic Islamic NGOs corrupt elected officials in Western governments. 
 							My Tl is filled with that truth as well. No wonder that the Western elites and Islam are allies - and were during WW2 as well. Both are Nazi far-right mindset, both with the goal to invade, oppress, mass-murder other nations, on a supremacist basis.  
 								The Western elites are systemically corrupted by Christians, Islamists and Jews. The National Socialist mindset has no influence on the Western Elites. That is why they actively striven to destroy it during WW2 and actively denounce things that defies the Western Elites' rule as "Nazi". You are either a loyal slave or rebel scum to them. 
 									Christianity has always been the primary moral basis of Western secular democratic societies. But you are aware of that. I have encountered many like you who are pushing the same pro-Hitler sick agenda to fool everyone with your Hitlerian propaganda in order to drive them back to Islam. But it no longer works bozo - go find a day job. Muted. 
 										Maintain such falsehoods, then, cunt. 
 											Hitler was a Christian lol  
 												It is not worth getting bothered by Hitler being Christian or not. What matters is that he brought back Germany from the brink only for the j-West to go full retard and destroy the good he had built. 
 													Yes I know my answer was to the post in quotes you posted! 
 													Yes I know my answer was to the post in quotes you posted! 
 Amy Schumer proceeds to talk about her aids written, misshapen cunt  
 6% of America is far-Right, which is the media's way of saying the number is rising so they're going to try to black pill us by claiming "only" six percent    
 	If you had to choose a neighborhood, would you pick one 8% Far Left or 6% Far Right ? 
 		Redneck neighbors are often heavily armed. That's the kind of neighborhood watch I want! Low crime in those neighborhoods. 
 		Redneck neighbors are often heavily armed. That's the kind of neighborhood watch I want! Low crime in those neighborhoods. 
 Hardcore racists are worse than feminists in the scale of Bitterness, Circle-Jacking And Hysteria.    They will repeat talking points and repost chunk all day without contributing a single original thought. Real Npc.    I just mute. 
 		Yup. An ungrateful Nigger talking smack as if it was.intelligent does trigger me. Especially the ungrateful part. 
 It Has Begun! State Orders Child To Be Vaccinated Over Parent Refusal   Mom sent to jail for refusing to vaccinate her children   This shit pisses me off!   
 	Good!  That is one of the very few things the state should do! 
 		My retarded what?  Look up Typhoid Mary, and get a clue. 
 You fucking lying kike! It Says EDItED    You changed the link cause you got caught posting retarded christian propaganda and saying it was a pagan! 
 Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!  7:23 pm - 3 Oct 2018 
 	Meanwhile his justice department is going after his supporters, antifa is rioting in the streets every weekend. Infinity H1B's, and ever encroaching censorship. This is not winning, this is a fucking screw job 
 		Fucking retarded shitbag. Disagreement is not trolling what the fuck is wrong with you people?  
 These people need professional help. They need to be medicated for their own safety and the safety of others. 
 	What A Retard She Is As Dense As The Rest Of The Libtards . 
 where's my money ! 
 	I am just so fuckin fed up with these retarded hipster faggots 
 		not soon enough I'm afraid 
 		well. we can Pray can't we lol.  
 		well. we can Pray can't we lol.  
  
 	She can choose one cowardly poor out of shape redneck and we will see how it goes 1-on-1. 
 I hope the meme and it's creators are dead, along with that stupid frog, and every faggot that called themselves "deplorable". 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 lol, looks like this shit-hole site is probably going to get shut down, maybe @a should have been a little less concerned with banning drawings and a little more concerned with banning violent extremists, terrorists, and fed-posters, but hey, that's just my opinion. 
 	Unfollowed and muted. 
 		ok, bye retard 
 That Chinese cunt should be shipped to Canton  
  i have Mlg videos on YouTube   They're very cancerous and retarded 
 Guess who is coming back!    
 	movie is out in febuary, then it's the long 6-8 month wait until bd's are ripped, and subs who knows. the death of fansubbing hurt movie releases and ovas bad.  
 		Ummm, fansubbers haven't died though? HorribleSubs (as well as plenty of others) still exist. The only problem is that the Bd's take quite a while to come out. 
 			you poor, poor boy, horriblesubs rip crunchyroll directly, they do not sub anything on their own.   get a clue m8. 
 				Even if HorribleSubs rips from CrunchyRoll there are still a lot of fansubbers that are still around, maybe you should get a clue before saying I'm wrong. 
 					By saying there were 10x more fansubbers you're admitting fansubbers still exist, which means that they didn't die out. Your own words are playing themselves against you.   Also, more and more people are abandoning CrunchyRoll, soon enough  CrunchyRoll will die. 
 						you're an idiot, most fansubs today are garbage, and getting movies subbed takes months from when bdmv's go up, if it happens at all. that is what i am saying. you also called horrible, a rip group, fansubs, proving you know next to nothing. it annoys me to spell everything out.   and you're a double nigger for thinking crunchyroll will die. we're done here. 
 Poor Molly. She can't even find an overweight dyke to lick her kitty. 
 Be careful with the absinthe. You don't want to end up in a Shanghai opium den strangling a chinaman with his own queue. Trust me, you don't want that. 
 	Quit protecting me from myself dude, i want to learn and grow too! 
 	Quit protecting me from myself dude, i want to learn and grow too! 
  
 	cunt 
 If you're fighting for a political goal, and everything you do makes you feel good, you're probably going to lose that political fight. What makes you a threat to your political enemies is a willingness to be Serious and do the uncomfortable things that are necessary for victory. Voting Republican costs you Nothing, so if you're on here bitching about the many things the Gop has done over the years that White nationalists understandably have issues with, three weeks before a major election, instead of doing what is necessary to keep the Left at bay, you're just a virtue signaling purity spiraler who poses absolutely no threat to your enemies whatsoever. 
 	For the love of God please vote Gop this go round. several of them aren’t perfect but still Far better than their leftist opponents. 
 		1.Wait until the republikikes import another 150 million spics, niggers and shitskins. 2.Strategically forget the fact that they've aggressively begun to court the spic vote and no longer even need to dog whistle fake racial sentiments to whites. 3.Buy more time. 4.Win! 
 Not built by pagans 
 	Built by christians.   When will you silly Christians admit  that it is Not christianity, but it was European man that has built European civilisation   Foundation to Western civilisation was laid by Pagan Greece and Rome, and others have continued to build upon those   If anything, christianity, with it's endless atrocities has stunned development of  Europe. 
 		Built by European Christians. 
 				Romans have always had great architecture. Built by Slavic Neo-Pagans. 
 					Romans indeed had a great architecture, but then came destruction by Christians   Christians ruined Roman temples and buildings     Christians destroyed and defaced Roman art   Christians ruined even Aqueduct   And what is the point of image of that Slavic temple?   There are many temples, forts and settlements built in the way of our ancestors all over Slavic lands 
 					Romans indeed had a great architecture, but then came destruction by Christians   Christians ruined Roman temples and buildings     Christians destroyed and defaced Roman art   Christians ruined even Aqueduct   And what is the point of image of that Slavic temple?   There are many temples, forts and settlements built in the way of our ancestors all over Slavic lands 
 Kavanaugh   Cloture will be approved, likely 51-49, setting the nominee for Confirmation.   Manchin votes ‘Yea.’ Murkowski: ‘No.’ 
 	Will the republican who’s daughter is getting married tomorrow be there to vote? They won’t blow this will they?  
 		McConnell needs to strip Murkowski of all her committee assignments and put her on the spay and neuter committee ! She needs to go and all the men in Alaska need to get rid of her, cunt ! 
 >Renegade broadcasting faggot  Watch Out Bro, He Might Start Ranting ABOut Crystal Trees N' SHeEEEIT. 
 Grammy-Winner Monica: Kanye West Needs to Demolish His Relationship with President Trump    
 	Who Cares What This Shiksa Nigger Ho Says. 
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		Sgt at Arms Refused? Damn Wait I knew a couple of Generals were running interference Didn't know it was five of 'em Again Damn When the Truth Finally comes out I hope Everyone Responsible for helping that Faggot get in finds their asses in Gitmo facing the Highest Punishment Possible 
 pit bull needs home   "She does have some issues with resource guarding, so no small children."       I recommend this dog for an old man living among nigger families 
  
 		Tomas Allende, I see you on this board talking a lot of filth. Do you have no conscience whatsoever? You're not doing God any favors, nor is your mind on the sake of Salvation. So, why are You here? 
 				I was unaware that anyone was speaking to me like that. Not that its unusual though. But, I was talking to you because you're a Christian, if I'm not mistaken. And, I too had been corrected in that way. If you're as hardheaded as I was, you'll probably need more correction. It's just that we Do need to be better than that.  
 					Can you stop believing in God? I don't think you can, not without some kind of cohersion. If you don't believe in God, you can lie, but you can't force yourself to have belief. Isn't choice within a context of faith? Isn't that why Christ frees his believers? That's how I understand it but I'm just a faggot who eventually stopped praying to be normal 
 Lol! SJWs are following/RTing Npc accts in Twit. Dyke sent 3 part Tweet: "Stop following/RTing Npc accts. They're 4chan trolls". Had to point out to her retarded comrades that we all look the same & have Npc[number] as our personas       
 Tears of a hero: The heartwarming moment Invictus competitors comfort a British veteran whose Ptsd was triggered by a helicopter flying overhead              
 		Funny how its Harry that started the Invictus games to support our soldiers while our Politicians tried to boycott it and the Media to shame our soldiers. 
 		Funny how its Harry that started the Invictus games to support our soldiers while our Politicians tried to boycott it and the Media to shame our soldiers. 
 Lady De’Plorable Nationalist:   Hey Corey Booker where ya' been? Seems to me you usually Love the Spotlight ~ Too hot for you now When the Truth is coming out? Don't you believe All Survivors? What happened to MeToo?     
 	Faggot 
 Omar also known as rat boy from speakers corner is in police custody for threats to kill Jamie Goddard and Danny Tommo. 
 	Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. What a vile little cunt he is. 
 Your race couldn't fight its way out of a paper bag.  if it were not for our own authorities restraining us from even speaking out about your nigger kind, you would all be strung up by now.    You are so Low agency, that you need our traitors to do all the work for you.  Your kind cant even dig holes in the ground for themselves. 
 	Orbán az Európai Oroszlán!  
 	"once you go black you never go back." 
 		Are you sure about that? 
 		Only an old saying I have heard. 
 		Only an old saying I have heard. 
 I'm so sick of hearing these low info fools making retarded statements about the democrats saying "They're for the working man!"  I've heard that load of bullshit all my life until I woke up! The only thing they are for is for themselves! 
 Kill Kavanaugh Tops Twitter Search & Hashtag Suggestions Typing kill into   Twitter’s search function currently returns a shocking result at the top of search suggestions:    Twitter is Breaking its own Tos   Twitter must Suspend itself 
 	Well, I want cunt hiLIARy and Soros killed. Feelings are mutual  
 	Thats Right Guyz! Edray Won Becuz Darkscythe’S Discord Crashed For A Minute! 
 	Thats Right Guyz! Edray Won Becuz Darkscythe’S Discord Crashed For A Minute! 
 that furry nigger muted me after like two friggin poasts  will u post stuff to him for me? thanks fren  q 
 She danced like a Thunderbird. More like the Eu's puppet!   British Prime Minister Dances Onto Stage, Says Nothing in Wide-Ranging Hour Long Speech    
 		 
 		 
 	The violence is real been verbally accosted 3 times.  
 		And still the left claims they are peacefull. yeah, and I'm white. :P hahaha  That woman has been scientificly been proven guilty:   Ps: English is not my native language. So sorry for the spelling, so don't think I'm a retard :P hahaha 
 		And still the left claims they are peacefull. yeah, and I'm white. :P hahaha  That woman has been scientificly been proven guilty:   Ps: English is not my native language. So sorry for the spelling, so don't think I'm a retard :P hahaha 
 	whats the @ 
 		He said he had an account hidden in the "Groyper High Council", lol. That doesn't exist outside a meme. I called him out, called him a faggot etc, had a back and forth. He said I could kiss my account goodbye. We all ridiculed him then blocked him. Nothing happened. Never heard from him again. 
 Good morning, fellow Gabbers.    Today I ask you to celebrate with me my good news. It truly is a momentous occasion.    After waiting a year for an appointment from my local hospital, it's finally arrived! One can only hope my vision hasn't permanently deteriorated too much during this time   Joyous cheers all round from Chez Deb's. 
 		Can see more people choosing to record appointments on their phones for evidence. The number of fuck ups is without question increasing.  
 		Can see more people choosing to record appointments on their phones for evidence. The number of fuck ups is without question increasing.  
  
 	Look at that mentally ill sick knobgobbling spermguzzling faggot bitch.  
 Trump is secretly the puppet master behind the migrant caravan,  according to celebrity expert Bette Midler, to energize his base to get out and vote in the midterms!   
 	shit like this is how i got suspended on twitter. I cant let something like this go past my news feed without calling retard 
 "I demanded that pagans quit trying "to subvert the movement" I demand that you get those nigger toes out of your mouth? 
 	the nigger passes on his shitty inferior genetics.lol  
 			Come on,  - Don't hold back.  Tell us your true feelings. :^) 
 			Come on,  - Don't hold back.  Tell us your true feelings. :^) 
  
 	stupid twat broke the law. jail her. 
 Fault for the current state of affairs falls on all generations, this is the first Set of generations fortunate enough to realize an awakening, the cleanup is on all of us that are awake, laying blame on one generation is retarded , that Is What The Enemy Wants. (division) 
 Funny how Soros, Clinton, Obama and Cnn, all major players in establishing victimhood politics, are now being painted as "victims" themselves.   But people like Ben Shapiro claim you're "deranged" for thinking this might be a leftist plot to gain sympathy from voters before the midterms.   Another braindead Npc. 
 	and you faggot are a sick fuck 
 Skin tone? What about intellect, integrity, truthfulness? What about being another leftist Cunt looking to rule the world because the Queen Is Dead? Kamala translated in Swahili means looming death. 
 Should I start marking pics like this not safe for work or is this ok as is? 
 	 and it is against the rules of this group.  
 		Lol ban me then nigger 
 Excellent!   Swedish student who refused to sit down on flight in effort to stop man’s deportation to Afghanistan is indicted.    
 	Omg keep the tears coming bitch! 
 		She did not even check what the person was getting deported for. Sheesh! 
 			it wouldn't matter to her, she was looking for a good virtue stroking. she had an opportunity to make a cunt of herself and she took it. I would have told that bitch to sit down and shut up. its not ok to disrupt people in their everyday lives because you think they need to pay attention to you.  
 Her son is a Citadel grad who is now in the Marines. He must be so embarrassed. And don't tell me being raised by a dyke didn't lead him to want to find a father in the military. 
 Émile Munier (1840  1895) was a French academic artist and student of William-Adolphe Bouguereau.   ~ Long Ago ~       #14Words 
 		Only a Nigger or a Kike. True. 
 Opinion | Jeff Winkler: "The what-not-to-wear police are out in force. But just because they're often overly prescriptive doesn't make them totally wrong."  -  
 	Hilly and Billy Nigger Face at a party 
 Race mixing nigger 
 The Fbi arrested Michael Miselis, Ben Daly, and other members of the Rise Above movement for "conspiracy to riot", but no Antifa.     The only conspiracy here is a government one.     This is fully thanks to the Wall Street funded Pro Publica portrayal of the group.    This is a serious escalation in political repression.     The media and finance class runs the Usa 
 	Rise Above Movement is a great group of young guys, this is fucking crazy? Where are antifa arrests ? Whole antifa group that was there is doxxed and 0 of them arrested 
 		Kyle Chapman was a civ nat faggot. He was also a one man commie destroying machine. His crew like that faggot drug dealer Luke were shit.  I would be glad to have Kyle on my side when fighting commies.   
 I'm for treating African descended people, who didn't come here of their own free will, with equal dignity and respect as citizens.  In that respect, the civil rights movement was timely and just.  I'm not ok with extending that offer to people who are reverse colonizing the Southwest. 
 		I didn't say that I supported affirmative action.  That's preferential treatment.  Not meritocracy and not equality. 
 			Equality isn't real 
 				There is equality of opportunity, which I endorse, then there is equality of outcome which is artificially implemented by programs such as affirmative action which I loath. 
 					Equal opportunity is stupid though. It's the opposite of meritocracy.   So which one do you want? You have to choose one. 
 						Nope.  If everyone has the same ability to work hard and succeed, I'm fine with people not making it.     I'm not fine with giving out extra points on exams or extra pay to people incapable of earning it.     There is a huge diff. 
 							But not everyone has the same ability 
 								Right.  And not everyone will succeed if allowed the same opportunity.  It's equality of outcome that is a sham. 
 									All equality is a made up sham 
 										I'm not convinced. 
 											That's too bad.   Enjoy your equality, lady. 
 												I'm more worried for my child.  But, thanks. 
 													Yeah hopefully they won't be a slave by 2050. They're already an alien in their own country. 
 														Thanks loli. 
 															Whatever. Your thoughts on blacks sickens me tbh 
 																Yeah, I don't have a problem with blacks.  Probably a proximity thing.  I have a Gigantic problem with illegal Amerindians. 
 																	Someone emotionally abused the hell out of this poor Democrat.  
 																		Yeah, I don't know about the Democrat part, but he's not real happy and it seems to have something to do with school. 
 																			She's espousing Kkk rhetoric. She a sheet wearing cross burning retard who believes in Jim Crow Segregation.  
 I hope this isn't red on red crime? 
 	how is that possible, since small pox hasn't been in the world since 1973 or so? 
 		Useless retard muted 
  
 		Wait a second.you said you enjoy retard jokes, but are offended by remotely being referred to as one. That sounds kinda fucked up? 
 Stumbled upon this yesterday. The double standards and class divide are blatant. Keep the minions working to pay for my early retirement and huge ballooned pension  
 	These are the guys who everyone laughed at & called a sad twat because they got a 'steady job in the Civil Service' when they left school. Who's laughing now! 
   Lily Allen  ~ Singer. Catchphrase: "I needed the money"   Wearing see-through top to perfectly match her see-through head     
 	she's so brave! 
 		She's a twat xx 
 As bad as you may think you are, Take some solace in knowing that you're not not so destitute to actually 'donate' money to some unwashed retard or 4/10 e-thot so you can receive brief validation.   Imagine that being your go-to method of feeling better or anything at all. 
  
 	she was payed off most likely 'oh well' another nigger get's a get out jail free card. 
  
 	I think it makes more sense for it to be the blue pill.  
 		If a nigger took the redpill they would be more likely to be able to dodge all those things than the blue, I didnt make the meme though and I guess it had to be one of them 
 So have they  found a patsy or a legit deranged idiot?        
 	Logic says no single player could have done this,The elite corrupt will pin this on an under educated hillbilly Trump supporter to outrage the left 
 	Logic says no single player could have done this,The elite corrupt will pin this on an under educated hillbilly Trump supporter to outrage the left 
 When you hear economy improving, 'remember who started it'.  
 	I'm not supposed to make fun of retarded ppl, so, guess he gets a bye on this one. 
 Another anonymous source has come out against Judge Kavanaugh. 30+ years without one complaint against the man, and in a span of a week he's a violent drunk who raped multiple women.    
 	Ladies and Gentlemen: I give you wannabe groid Indio-darkie, Canadian-educated and Gavin Newsom pole-riding ex-Attorney General of California, Kamala Harris, whose other feats of accomplishment include accepting this "Jane Doe" letter from Feinstein's dyke staffers while calling it "evidence." 
 Good morning :*   
 	This Jew cunt needs to be taken down.  
 She's a cold-hearted dyke with deep-state defense industry parents. Why would she have any respect for the idea of family? 
 I tape "The 5" because Juan Williams is retarded and he only spouts his 4am talking-points, unceasingly.   I enjoyed the first block today however, as Jessie B. Waters called Juan a senseless shill for blaming R's for the Southern Invasion.   Juan Never has a fix - but he's always pointing a finger of blame.   Intellectual Bankrupt - Juan Williams 
 Using my Free Speech to say I’m really glad PayPal suspended payments for Gab, and that the hate speech here should embarrass every one of you. 
 	Fugly diseased cunt speaks, fouls the air. Fuck off, walking Std. 
  
 	you keep your totalitarian bullshit socialism with speech and thought control, i will keep my free market capitalism and freewill  
 		anything else hillbilly bob ? 
 Oh dear. 
 		Did it go somewhere? 
 		Flavio, I've been using it lately. Sometimes it's the only word that fits. 
 		I use it daily.  Nothing wrong with the term other than cultural marxists imposes word restrictions  
 		I use it daily.  Nothing wrong with the term other than cultural marxists imposes word restrictions  
 They are human beings who have their own citizenship in their own countries.We have Enough freeloaders in this country & we're not going to take in any more! This is a coordinated Invasion by sinister foreign/domestic entities! Turn Them Back & make them Apply For Citizenship the Right Way! Legally! 
 	Fuck you third world faggot niggers! And no you are not human! 
 cunt is speaking in " tongues " now. 
 One thing I hate is a dumb cunt that makes no sense, only thing worse is 2 dumb cunts. Your muted bitch! 
 The level of obfuscation here.   The guy literally rolls with the 'why do whites own all the media outlets' question without even fucking flinching   This is the alternative the jews have prepared for whites who don't want to flog themselves in public.  This is supposed to be the edgy non-anti-white stance for whites. the jews have fucked up harder than they have ever fucked up in history, nobody is buying this shit:    
 	This faggot makes me sick, go suck a dick fag. Is (((Patrick Little))) Bisexual too? 
 Wow.   A Lot to unpack here.   I guess my best response is this:   Your family want you to take your meds. 
 	Typical privileged-Ass white male response.  Admit It!  Your A Racist! 
 			There is absofuckinlutely nothing racist about loving your race. Why can everyone else support their race but whites? Im Proud As Fuck To Be White And Fuck Anyone Who Thinks Im Racist.  
 Noose-dodging homicidal nigger finally caught after almost two decades.   
 High Tech Redneck () | Gab  
 High Tech Redneck () | Gab  
 Bring back national service, Get Some Nuts! 
 	Obzeen stands with faggot soy boys 
 Now you're discussing Extrapolation and are Equating Populations.  Whites commit Far More Robbery, homicide, depending on the year, Blacks commit more.    
 	The data are totals. To calc per capita arrests, Divide the tot arrests by total white population, giving .0251 arrests per capita, 25 arrests per 1000 whites. For blacks, .056 arrests per capita, 56 arrests per 1000 blacks. Blacks commit more crime, 2x more. 
 		My original post with the math done for you. I apologize for claiming you deleted your post, you didn't. This comment sting is retarded and has no connection to previous comments, so it makes it difficult to find original posts. I finally found them. 
 Been wondering if it's safe to say "Progressives have a Rube Goldberg styled   ideological contraption". 
 Been wondering if it's safe to say "Progressives have a Rube Goldberg styled   ideological contraption". 
 		Yes, good comment. But I bet the twat just sneaks back in under a different name 
 		Yes, good comment. But I bet the twat just sneaks back in under a different name 
 Repent Your Soy  
 	that little shit tried to hit the guy when he looked away. I hate this wimpy faggot country sometimes.  
 I want job hiring discrimination. I want to be able to tell someone hey I would hire you but you dress like a faggot you're butt ugly you have a lisp and you smell like shit.  Get out of my office nigger. 
 Bam!    Oh yes there are subversives among us.    "Soros (Jew), through his many funding ventures, has been busily infiltrating the Christian base in America to divide, and ultimately conquer, the religious minded within the Republican Party"    
 		Hey don't insult cunts. ;) Soros is pure evil. 
 Nutter! All they did was boycott German goods in 1933, after years of Hitler preaching hate against them and he got into power. Vast armies of Jews didn't invade Germany ffs lol 
 	It was called the Soviet Union 
 		Actually the Nazis and Russia had a non-aggression pact didn't they. It was Hitler who broke that and invaded Russia, the greedy twat lol 
 			Yeah, honor among thieves, it was just a matter of who would break it first. 
 				Yeah. Hitler thought he's sorted Europe out and got greedy. The start of his downfall. Failed to learn from Napoleon. 
 					Johann you’re still peddling your bullshit!  National Socialism means that at a National level (ie, high finance) the banks are owned collectively. Like Building Societies. Everything below that is pure capitalism.  Other socialists start from the bottom up and at the top its capital fascism as we have now in the Uk, Usa and the Eu.  That is why it is very right wing. 
 						No! This is exactly what socialist Corbyn is proposing now. Nationalise big firms first to please the masses. Next comes medium firms. Then small firms. Then property. Eventually the State owns everything and Nazism's true meaning becomes clear. Communism. Hitler was anti-capitalist. The Right is very pro-capitalist. Nazis were devious socialists. 
 							No no no!  We only want to Socialise the banking sector turning them into non-profit making groups like Building Societies.  All big businesses are left alone, in private hands s they were in Nazi Germany.  Read and learn! 
 							As usual Johan you are talking out the back of your head! 
 							Hitler was a crony capitalist  25 point Nazi Manifesto   
 								Lot of policies Corbyn would love to get away with there mate :) 
 									I'm sure if you changed the references of Jews to Whites and took out on the streets of  Shoreditch and asked them whos manifesto it was they would say Corbyns 
 										Yeah. Control of education.tick. Nationalisation.tick. Forcing firms to pay staff bonuses.tick. Antisemitism.tick. 
 											It always make me laugh when the middle class always go on about how wonderful the German Autobahn is ,a Nazi invention  
 									The Jewish Communist 45 point plan for taking over America:  
 							Hitler's economic policies are literally where the word 'privatization' comes from:   
 					National Socialists kill or incarcerate bankers, fascists and communists love them and protect them as we did 10yrs ago.  The Eu is a fascist state and National Socialism is Not fascism.  The Uk has a fascistic overburden but it s not as pronounced as the Eu, but our Covil Service is very fascistic indeed. 
 						Oh it's you Ian. Head National Socialist of Gab again   National Socialists like Marxists kill anyone who gets in their way. Even their own type as Hitler did with Strasser. Communism is a sclae of collectivist ideologies. Each wants its own to be the only one. Hence the infighting in Labour now and socialist Frank Field being ostracised by Marxist Momentum. 
 							You’re still talking utter shit.  National Socialism means Socialised Banking.  That’s it. that’s all it means. 
 							You’re still talking utter shit.  National Socialism means Socialised Banking.  That’s it. that’s all it means. 
  
 	This fucking communist muzzie needs to be shown the door. Along with the rest of the sand niggers that have invaded our country. 
 Quran encourages the rape of non-Muslims    
 		Where does it say that? Only fcking Isis terrorists come out with that shite today. Who are the Non believers / kaffirs. Rape is uillegal in every country on earth and only a retarded cunt would blame a Book. What Authority does that stupid bitch have - NonE! No offence Sidney. 
 Post-Christian Huwhyte people architecture. 
 	Jewish architecture.  
 		Jews are retarded so I don't believe they are capable are they?  They are merely a programmed brain so they have absolutely no creativity! 
 Which Way, Western Man? 
 	Well, I'm gay as fuck, but even I would go for those two blonde babes. No nigger dick for me, thank you. 
 	Where all da white women at? 
 		Whites got roles in Blazing Saddles. Oh Wait, you think Whites need to sit in the back of the Bus don’t you? 
 		Black Lives Matter. Black Supremacy and all that right? 
 		It’s twu. Its Twu 
 		Fuck Blm. I ain’t that. 
 		100% white and damn proud of it 
 		100% white and damn proud of it 
 Obama managed to beat out Crazy Uncle Joe today, he snagged about 2,000 to watch him speak in Vegas, of course his stage show was a lot better. 
 	another corrupt faggot 
 Barack Obama::   'marriage is between a man and a woman'   Yeah, until he got into office.  Obama's a lying faggot          . 
 This is very sad that Conor has lost the fight to this animal. But he is going to rematch, which cannot but please me.   McGregor's wife vs Nurmagomedov's wife. It is apparently which one is evil that must be defeated. 
 	McGregor is a punk.  
 		At least he isn't a filthy muslim.  Lol the filthy muslim attacks someone in the crowd while his filthy friend jumps in and sucker punches Conor and you call Him a punk?  Cut back on the muzzie choad faggot  
 Remember This Cunt Is An IsAMIC Goat PIsS Drinking Fuck ! 
 This cunt has an amazing afro   
 Mickey D's refused me access to Gab.ai    I posted Dick Van Dyke left 54 million to Trump Foundation on Fb and it was blocked for being spam.   You can't make this shit up leftist hate us.  You're not allowed to post anything! 
 Mickey D's refused me access to Gab.ai    I posted Dick Van Dyke left 54 million to Trump Foundation on Fb and it was blocked for being spam.   You can't make this shit up leftist hate us.  You're not allowed to post anything! 
 	Giggling 
 	but mah legisy  
 	 always have that Blank Look in their eyes.No ones home ! 
 	Actually, it is Great to be White!    It is the Best To Be White.     O am quie happy for others to like who they are, but I would much rather be White.   Much Rather!   Much Much Much  rather! 
 	As long as you’re not male. 
 	Ya Fauxy, no need to be afraid of those dumbass Sjw white privilege bitches. The rural country gal college educated well armed independent white women take their Mob busting 2A privilege very seriously.  
 Andrew Gillum Graduated Training School That Spawned Soros Army of Revolutionaries    
 	Gillum Is A Nwo GLOBALIsT Spawn Of George Soros. Only A Liberal Retard Would Vote For Him. 
 U are whore ? Do u know me ? No , so fuck off cunt !   
 ***New Video***   .   Sadiq Khan Lies About No-Go Zones and Muslim Grooming Gangs -    .       .    
 	Apology accepted Carl James O'Brien is a cunt mind you so is Sadiq Khan and you right Sadiq Khan doesn't give a shit about the girls who are being raped he only cares about his own self interests and his agenda 
 How did the cunt get a Brit passport? 
 Just look at all the "women and children".    No.    These are fighting age men.  14,000 strong.    This is an invasion.  This is why we need the ! 
 	Now, if I remember correctly from the muzzie invasion in Europe, which this is similar to (smaller numbers) these people are all .(haha) doctors & lawyers right?  
    I'm not quite sure how many times I have to tell your stupid moronic idiotic brainless twat waffle self you don't speak for women whether it's Republican women or Independent Women because I'm going to tell you something you little tart I have women that are independent as friends they don't like anybody speaking for them let alone some democratic dingbat who doesn't know any of them. Here's another clue for you you bimbo constantly running to the polls and saying but the poll say this the polls say that we have the advantage in the generic poll, Hillary Clinton also had a lead in all the polls didn't she? Everyone knows that they oversample Democrats in order to get the desired outcome they want it's been well documented perhaps you should look it up instead of constantly going on outnumbered and making a complete fool of yourself, the only thing I wish is that Dagan would get up and punch you off the fucking couch. Stop speaking for women cuz you don't speak for me and you don't speak for any other woman you disgusting dirty bitch 
 Nigger student threatens french school teacher by Mark Collett;    
  
 	Yes Sir!       
 			Moron Alert!  
 					Typical Lefty,   democrat moron,   Accusing others of what   They actually are!    Sad for you lefty.    
 					Typical Lefty,   democrat moron,   Accusing others of what   They actually are!    Sad for you lefty.    
 	Wetback invasion is exactly what this is and it's been going on for the last fifty fucking years.  
 LOLzy :)   
 				Where do they get this degenerate garbage? 
 					i was wondering the same thing. what kind of jew sets up a gay porno shoot with six guys that all look like retarded siblings? 
 The left has Always  prefers victimhood over Valor.  This screams "poor me I'm a victim!  You need to vote for my side"  This is just so obvious and insulting.    
 	Another cunt who claimed people were out to get her. Lying sack of parasitic excrement, along with the rest of the Dc ruling class. I don't care Who they are, or how rich they are, they are parasitic Excrement in my opinion.  
 After Twitter banned me, they reported me to the Fbi, who came to my house to interview me.    Now, even though I get death threats, I never lose my head.    I would Never have done what Lakeland City Commissioner Michael Dunn did. The video is brutal but not gruesome. You see a man shot to death.    So far I've had two intruders come on to my property. One was a Chinese woman who stole a very expensive tree aloe. I did Not confront her, because I Know The Laws, and I'm not eager to use my firearms.    Instead, I followed her home. She lives in a gated community, but she was so oblivious that I was able to slip in behind her after she used the keypad. After I got her address, I called the cops, who retrieved the tree aloe.     I asked the deputy to be honest, and he advised me to not press charges. The woman and her daughter were already pretending to not understand English, and the deputy said that without a doubt they would file a civil suit, claiming Racism on my part.    But the deputy told the woman and her daughter to never even come onto my street again, because if I ever made any more complaints, he'd go right to their house.    The second intruder crashed over my fence into my back yard at 1:00 a.m. He was thrashing around in the bushes. I armed myself and used my secret passageway, and I saw that it was the kid across the alley. He'd kicked his soccer ball into my yard and had jumped the fence to retrieve it.    Neither the Chinese thief nor the soccer-ball kid were in any danger, Even Though I Get Death Threats.    I've arranged my house and the two adjacent properties to allow me to see what's happening. Intruders can't see me.    Despite Twitter's Malicious report to the Fbi, I am not a threat to anyone--except for those who threaten Me, on My property. But by keeping my head, I was able to see that the two intruders I mentioned above did not pose a threat.    And in 2012, two women home-invaded my parents. My brother and I caught them in the act. I was angry enough to shoot them. However, I Did Not. I didn't even point my handgun at them. I kept it by my side, visible but not aimed at anyone.    My father insisted that we let the home invaders go. He was terrified of criminals coming back for revenge, so I did as he asked, but I also reported them to the cops, who later arrested them. They were targeting elderly people all over Southern California.    California has become totally lawless, now that Jerry Brown redefined violent felonies and eliminated money bail. It's impossible to jail criminals.    But.    I still keep my head. As the Fbi knows, I am not a threat.    Leftists like Jack Dorsey are a threat. They make entire states lawless, which results in what you see in the video. I said on Twitter that when the police stand down, citizens take the law into their own hands.    Leftism gets people killed. I myself have never killed anyone.     People like me are not the problem.     
 	Twitter knows your no threat  Physically, instead your a real threat to debunking their false narrative. You were Educating the masses, the left just can’t have any of that! The ones who are a physical threat Tell you they are. And yet twitter leaves their comments/page up. I for one am enternaly gratful for you educating me on a lot of subjects.    
 		Twitter and fucken Fuckbook are blood brothers in arms owned by same deformed son of a funking whore, a common cunt 
 Because of work? Hahaha. As if he has to. The fucking cunt 
 Twitter is imploding.    These suspensions are having the opposite effect, in that when people hear about them, they begin networking with the suspended party.    A bond is formed, and word gets out.     Jack Dorsey will be blamed for the Democrats' midterm bloodbath, because he's created a grapevine of angry voters who are becoming more and more informed about leftist social-media moguls' attempts to silence dissent.    Watch Jack go down in flames.    And then laugh at him. 
 	 is a faggot and I've never said Anything to that buttpirate before. 
 what would hitler do if he was on gab 
 		i'm a conservative, my name is old, look at how conservative my blog is  
 		i'm a conservative, my name is old, look at how conservative my blog is  
 Smh.   Why Am I Not Surprised?   Breaking:   Man Steps Forward with Sexual Assault Allegations against Sen. Cory Booker    With Lawyer Response to Gateway Pundit    
 	Oh! hahahaha busted ! Cory the gay nigger  Lol 
 No. You're just a dumb fuck who looks at totalitarians who all engage in the same behavior & give them different labels. This semantics-based bullshit "political spectrum" is nothing but liberal propaganda.  Communists, socialists, monarchs, oligarchs, theocrats. It doesn't matter What you call totalitarian dictators. They All follow the same policies & tactics. They All think you are too stupid to run your own life so they must do it for you. The fact you think there is a difference between totalitarians just shows how fucking retarded you are. You have the critical thinking skills of an eggplant. 
  I also thought it was some photo shop thingy. But indeed he married a spic dwarf Lol 
 Seems loud and clear to me: 
 	He should go hitchhike through the Middle East. 
 		Libtard Retard 
 @a    Twitter  said that a bug sent user’s private direct messages to third-party developers who were not authorized to receive them.     ?     
 		Ouch. That's maybe a bit harsh  
 		No, it's a punishment proportionate to the damage done 
 		No, it's a punishment proportionate to the damage done 
 I succumbed to watching this Cnn clip but turned the volume off at .47 after Don Lemon presumptively characterized the Honduran caravan as undocumented migrants. Lemon then overcame the laws of physics and continued to convey his idiocy without sound.     
 		my sentiments exactly. Gm Soprano  
 		morning 
 		morning 
 Same as Twat but I don't see a + sign to add another post on top of a post. 
 Same as Twat but I don't see a + sign to add another post on top of a post. 
  
 	Garth Is A Faggot who Loves Obama,, 
 The Maga bomber was on Twitter. Should Twitter be banned? 
 	No. I gotta feeling Timothy McVeigh 2.0 is going to take care of twitter. Courtesy of cunt hiLIARy, 0bama and Soros  
 		yea you just admitted that you want to hurt her so your bitch ass is afraid i would tell ,right you fuck cunt  
 		Froggie is cuter. Btw the dyke just got suspended by Twatter.  
 		Froggie is cuter. Btw the dyke just got suspended by Twatter.  
 be afraid, be very afraid.    
 	Cool. I'd rather deal with this thing than some stupid nigger from the Tsa  
 4th horseman eat shit nigger cuck whore 
 GabTV still garbage, sadly. Listen here    
 	This was a great show. Mr. Cantwell is an amiable high energy host and I was very glad to be part of this. Thanks to him for having me on, and to all of you who called in. 
 		I must agree that today was a great episode. I've been kinda hostile to the concept of nihilism, for reasons we discussed on the show. But I found it difficult to disagree with the way Brett framed things, and he gave me a lot to think about.     
 					 You would cry too if it happened to you  
 						Lol rekt 
 						Lol rekt 
 Taylor Swift nothingburger with fries bringing out some top shelf cringe   
 	Taylor Swift huh? a marginally talented walking twat with the Iq of a green salad. Why would I give a rats ass what she might think? unless she's performing oral sex for me, I have no reason to even think of her. 
 He who lives by the gun dies by the gun. 
 	Guns save lives. A fact. 
 		How does shooting someone save lives? 
 			Let me tell you a story: About 14 years ago, two armed teen-aged Dindus broke into my house while my wife and I and our child were sleeping. I got the drop on them with a shotgun. One died instantly, and the other ended up losing his right arm. I wasn't arrested, but there was a hearing. My actions were declared justifiable homicide and self defense. I found out through my lawyer that the survivor confessed that they both intended to kill whoever they found inside my house "to see what it felt like to kill someone." I ended up suing the parents of both of the boys for damages to my house, and won the suit. When the families wouldn't pay, I had my lawyer put liens on their houses, cars, and bank accounts. Eventually, I got paid for the door they broke, as well as fresh paint and new carpet for the living room I shot them in. To this day, my living room looks freshly painted and the carpet looks brand new. My gun saved the lives of my wife, my child, and myself. That is All that matters to me. That's why I have no patience for gun-grabbers and their bullshit. 
 					Who is a Niger to you? 
 						to me? . - Someone from Niger.A "nigger" is a whole nother story 
 I support your crusade against these faggot pedos brother.  You are the one true 
  
 	Every White Man is Higher than any Nigger -- D and R don't change that. Race is real. Your Values are Bullshit.  
 "We can even make whites when we get sick and make albinos. "- Retard Alert, Retard Alert! Ding, Ding Ding, Ding, Ding!   . The only thing you negros are taking is aids and starvation. The statistics indicate you aren't taking our women. What your people are doing is raping White women, In Mass. Its literally at epidemic levels. That must be what you mean by : 'taking your women'. Also, Whites can't make negro babies. And Negros can't make White babies. Their called mongrels, you literal retard. 
     I love our first lady. Melania is Way better than that tranny cunt Michelle. 
 Bring it. 
 		Napoleon Quote: Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." 
 		Napoleon Quote: Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." 
 	takes a real indoctrinated retard to post one Cnn headline after another thinking the bullshit you've been fed somehow eliminates the very real results people can point to that actually contradicts Cnn's bullshit 
 		Fly here. What is here. I meet up time and place. Wait there earlier it was my place of residency. Why won't I want to go back. You a gay faggot man. Hmm you can't prove that you aint  
 Says the idiotic, traitorous wanna be tin pot dictator.   Awful! Classless Barack Obama Continues Midterm Campaigning    Compares Trump to Tin-pot Dictatorship    
 	Hard to believe so many clueless and stupid, idiots support the Muzzie asshole. What is wrong with those brain dead morons?   
 I just found more information about ToroFA. She is not in her late 20s (much older than that), has been with the Cia apparently since 1999. I don't know how many people "Agent Foxx" has killed, but apparently I'm next. Cia is always going to protect their agents from committing murder. Cia agents are the biggest scumbags in America and "Agent Foxx" is one. 
 	Why did you cancel your vid on me tho? Am I a Cia nigger too? 
 I Wonder If All The Schmuks Spewing TheIR Jewish Hate Will Take Responsibility For This ?    
 	Personally I think this is a false flag to deflect from Israel's brutal attack on Gaza, the revelations that can't be stopped about their involvement in 9/11 and the  march in Dc. 
 		Then tell the fucking muslum cockroaches to stop lobbing bombs at israel.and israel eill stop returning fire.its that simple you fucking stupid retard ! 
 My faggot fucking grandpa would be so proud 
 	Or not? 
 		They reported me for calling Andrew a nigger for censorship. 
 	Stop behaving like a whore  
 		Says the fat fuck behind a fake avatar. Dont come for me faggot I'll win. Im Better than you and u wont make me stop doing shit. In fact, I will post More of this shit since I know it upsets u so much, Scurry along u little fuckin rat im done batting u around. 
      Babymetal in front of a packed crowd in Tokyo (57,000+ audience) Babymetal - Catch Me If You Can (Live version Five Fox Festival)  
 		Grin. I see the little spamming Npc is still triggered. Lol ! Would you like a big hankie to blow your nose with?  
 		You're famous :) 
 		You're the one with designer a tee shirt showing Che Npc :) 
 		fuck off you kikesucker 
 All the Nikki Haley haters can fuck off. She did a great job in that cesspool. 
 	Nimrata Randhawa is a neocon  And  You are a faggot 
 upvote if you hate nazis! 
 	Oh I  Nazis. Let's ban the Jew! Or uh banish, ya banish. 
 		Why are nazis allowed on gab? 
 				Ouch. I will let my wife know of your opinion, she may disagree. 
 					Oy vey, now you goyim are attacking women if you disagree with him, .  
 					Oy vey, now you goyim are attacking women if you disagree with him, .  
 Modern   of .    - Part 2,409 
 	most white people aren't  mud sharks and nigger lovers. you made sure to be real selective  
  
 	What Hypocrisy! The Left  Thinks TheY Know Everything And The Rest Of Us Are Hillbilly Hicks 
 	What Hypocrisy! The Left  Thinks TheY Know Everything And The Rest Of Us Are Hillbilly Hicks 
 So stop immigration staff doing their job ,get on top of their van and block the road with cars and no arrests made ,the police looking after the lawless again.   mob rule it works.             
 	Bristol has a large Somalian problem . 
 		Shoot the f*cking lot and Bristol will not have a large Somalian Nigger problem. 
 As the last of the Q predictions fail to come to pass, lost and lonely sheeple feeling shamed by obvious nonsense can take comfort knowing how much money they've made their favorite YouTube liars. 
 	   Someone explained this term. Seems to really fit those those Pathetic Trolls and Shills who have Failed to Prove that #Q  is fake. Failed to Intimidate and Gaslight People Into Submission to Their Narratives.     
 		Nigger please. 
 Look nigger lover, I am not a libtard nor on the left. I am a centralist. So I call it how I see it. So fuck Trump and Fuck You Too. While you're at it, take that fucking nut bag Clinton with you. 
 Lol this story is funny.   
 	that's why I don't donate to "Feed the children." No way I'm paying to feed nigger babies in Africa. My taxes already pay for welfare and afdc here in America. If they didn't steal it from me to feed the niggers, the niggers would starve. 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. not faggot Elton John.    
 		The description is quite accurate. 
 		The description is quite accurate. 
 Say No to diversity. Don't let America become a third world shithole. 
 		Weird, you sound  like a nigger.Your block?   
 	We've reached levels of Soy previously thought impossible! 
 			 
 			 
 Fuck you moron. I'm an American badass I'm 6'5 275 pounds and I'll break your face with the wind when I walk past your old fat ass. I guess you can also tell me how many niggers your cunt wife fucked while you where on the corner suckin dick? Talk about my iq when you can't read Dutch lol. Your iq is 60 lmao? Keep comin back for more you fuckin fag whore. 
 		 
 			 
 			 
 			The video about the scientist was very interesting, though watch the Jews for Jesus movement, they emphasize these people are still Jews. To me, you believe in Christ, you're a Christian. I'm concerned they're trying to retain rogue Jews. Embrace Christianity if you believe in Christ.  
 			Thumb's up on the video testimony of James Tour, now a true Israelite, and our brother in Yeshua. 
 			Marching to Zion    
 			Marching to Zion    
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 		I say we shoot the nigger and the chink  
  
 	a rare moment of self-reflection from jamal smith-wIlkins or whoever this nigger is 
 John Leguizamo: Gop ‘Now the Party of Sexual Assaulters, Pedophiles’:   This dumb wetback needs to look in the mirror. I'm sure he worked with Weinstein like all of the rest. So who's the rapists and pedophiles? 
 "Morrison and Porter had a real opportunity to show some real leadership, and simply get rid of the position."   It's your Xyz.             
 	Great. Another Chinaman lecturing Australians for the next five years about how racist we are. Fuck this shit. 
 Allowed on Twitter!    Post is still up 15+Hrs and counting.      
 	Geez and to think all the times i got banned just for callin dowd a faggot  
 Senior Policy Advisor to the Ny Attorney General. The first amendment is under attack at the highest levels of gov. 
 	Face it, the millennial generation is a brainwashed, unAmerican generation with excessive student loans to pay for indcotrination like this crap .  'hate speech' and other Retarded Sjw courses. 
 America-Hating Marxist Black Supremacist Eric Holder  the Only Sitting Attorney General in History to be Held in Contempt of Congress for Lying  Questions the ‘Legitimacy’ of Supreme Court After Justice Kavanaugh Confirmation   
 		He has to be nigger 24/7 
 State attorney office for Florida dropped charges against the rat who assaulted me in Boca Raton, Florida!  I have the video showing the whole assault, raw, and unedited! ? 
 	A local Ca judge let a nigger with a gun who threatened my wife Off With A Warning. 
 Race mixing is a political issue. As White people, we have to keep this in mind. 
 	The truth about racial mixing: Big City Liberals are White Supremacists! They hate People of Color. They're only allowed in the club if they got some cream in their coffee. Or better yet, some coffee with their cream! Blacks have been saying this for decades. Because it's fucking true! Lolol! 
 		winston smith, you're a fucking idiot too stupid to live, i'll get you a 6ft deep safe space where you can be an infected idiot forever, fucking stupid cunt  
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 		suck a nigger dick , commie cunt  
 Ahem.    
 		Freedom either includes the right to discriminate or you aren't free. Qed 
 		Freedom either includes the right to discriminate or you aren't free. Qed 
 		brian krassenstein . the guy who always harasses the president and is paid by george soros .  
 	Him and his scumbag brother ! I despise them. 
 		me too . they r def a couple of david brock dicksuckers 
 		me too . they r def a couple of david brock dicksuckers 
  
 	no borders, there were nomadic tribes that raped and pillaged one another. no country, no states, no counties, no cities.  retarded liberal rewrite of history, map and all.  there was no nation. 
 Hillary Clinton called Brett Kavanaugh's swearing-in ceremony a "political rally" that "further undermined the image and integrity of the court"  
 	The fact that Crooked Cunt is still roaming around committing crimes and making obscene amounts of money for speeches she never gave and books she didn't write  tells me that Trump is a weak,   indifferent president who isn't really in charge of anything.   
  
 	Most rappers flame out within a few years or less but this kike nigger has been on top for nearly a decade now. I wonder if it could have anything to do with his Jewishness 
 That black they had on is  always moaning about something,usually white people Eammon Holmes would have politely  told the nigger to fuck off back his own country. I bet that chinless faggot Piers Morgan just sat their & let the wog get away with talking gibberish. Glad I don't watch any of these morning tv  shows ! 
 If Democrats get control Maxine Waters will run the Financial Services Committee. Remember she made millions voting to bail out her husbands bank for, No Id, No Job, No Citizenship, No Problem home loans. That should even scare the hell out of the South Central L.A. plantation dwellers. 
 	Maxine's stupidity and lack of comprehension is truly  a hole with no bottom.  Can't they make her head of the Dnc or something. 
 			I can't think of place I'd rather see her than as head of Dnc, it'd be like having Christmas every day, so _many_ gifts to the right, such a albatross around the Dnc's neck.   
 			I can't think of place I'd rather see her than as head of Dnc, it'd be like having Christmas every day, so _many_ gifts to the right, such a albatross around the Dnc's neck.   
 no forking difference. 
 		Oooooo scawy. Anything but duh list. Lol faggot 
 Nigger in Rochester, Ny shoots up his own family, kills his "ex" and attempts to murder his son before being shot killed by police.    
 She’s an ignorant cunt 
 Hillary approved of leftist mob violence yesterday. Today its former Ag Eric Holder.  The violent mob isn't a fringe group anymore. They are the mainstream of the Democratic party. 
 	Fuken Nigger your day is coming! 
 You sound like a dildotarian faggot 
 Like all fucking stupid cunt Moslems you make no sense at all. 
 Everyone has a smartphone except me. I have a dumb phone. It might even be said that I have a retarded phone. Every time I try to call someone, I end up getting a hold of Maxine Water's lawn service.   
 How many red flags do you see?        
 	too many to count. bull ring, tats, dyke hair, exhibitionism, sadism, man-chin.maybe the biggest tell is that she looks like she has a touch of the mongol horde in her. 
 New York City's Islamist Grant   the New York City Council announced $250,000 in grants made to 14 Muslim community organizations, in collaboration with the N Y Immigration Coalition. Alarmingly, 3 of the grant recipients are linked to Islamic extremism  (Cair), the Muslim American Society (Mas) and the Islamic Circle of North America (Icna). 
 	Cair is absolutely a terrorist organization! They practice Taquiyah. The only good muzzie is a dead muzzie. I want them all to be good muzzies. 
 I followed up the ape comment with a picture I made and was told by that cuck faggot Jack Dorsey that I'm being punished. I'll bet $100 that it'll be suspended after the 7 days. I think I'll go diejewdie mode on that fag jack. 
  
 	muzzies are pure shit and breeders cuz the goobermint gives the money for having 5 muzzie brats 
 I’m back because Twitter is retarded 
 Twitter cunt    liberal  bitch Kirsten Powers 
 idk i just can't care about eceleb drama 
 	Thanks for sharing. Make a list of things you don’t care about so I can save it and use it later. 
 		Boring faggot 
 Murkowski gets her vagina massaged by Feinstein for her no vote. Filthy dyke 
 I did not want to hurt him. My intention was for people to stop hurting me.  
 	Fuck you stupid cunt ! didnt want to hurt him? More proof Women Lie All The Time  Lousy Stinking Whore  
 Susan Collins & Jeff Flake   So you're mad that the President spoke facts last night at his rally and ran right to the cameras and radio shows to Bitch about it.    However, I don't recall Either Of You running to the cameras or radio shows over Ford's Documented Lies such as   1) The 2nd door was done years prior reason? Because she rented out part of her house to a marriage counseling business   2) Lied about coaching someone on polygraphs (Ex boyfriends sworn statement under the penalty of a felony)    3) Lied about flying   Nevermind the Numerous contridictions   Nevermind Leland twice now said the same thing!    Nevermind the Fact all these ppl signed affidavits under the penalty of a Felony Charge   Just because a woman has Tits and a Twat does Not make them credible! Evidence and Facts make someone credible!   Why aren't you Running To The Cameras About That? 
 His name was Brandon Arndt. He helped his black elderly neighbor only to be killed for his good deeds. Perhaps no one ever gave him this sage advice, avoid the groid.    
 	there's only one name for Youths like this. 
 		He was raised by Whites and has an Iq Far above the nigger average. I watch him on YouTube a lot.   He speaks the truth. Very rare.  
 	Girl why you bring this nigger loving video here? That fucking white trash cunt wants a nigger let her fucking get her ass beat down. She is worst than a nigger. 
 Over my White boy phase aka she can’t get any White guys to sleep with her anymore. 
 		Yes the (((white))) boys are devastated.  
 		Omg you're savage Lmfao  
 		Omg you're savage Lmfao  
 	sounds like he wants genocide if he hates her for being straight 
 	sounds like he wants genocide if he hates her for being straight 
  
 	The Democrats sure had to dig deep to find this lying cunt that is so upset about being dry humped. Really? Dry humped?  What a liar! 
 Whats wrong     Don't like the truth  about your Demoncrap Mobs.   Gop Seizes On Left’S Unhinged Mob Mentality In Viral Video  The Gop has crafted an advertisement around the unhinged mob theme in a Thursday video which quickly went viral   
 	The Jewish people have said that Hollywood is theirs. Can any of you deny that they are the masters of Hollywood, where sex, lesbianism, homosexuality and violence are promoted?Louis Farrakhan 
 		And I have your kike hanging low faggot come suck it bitch. 
    Now James Clapper.lol   Now taking bets on who is next.I say Chuck Schumer    You gotta be real retarded if you think the public will fall for this crap.even Democrats know it is fake and done to try get some momentum back.Lol   Wonder how Twitter is reacting to this shitshow 
 Perhaps I could put a finer point on this. I shouldn't call people shills for a mere viewpoint, but anyone calling me a shill should be viewed with a great deal of suspicion. I'm the most accountable guy in the movement. In any movement, for that matter.   I take calls from the public, live on the air, and the frequent pranks and shitty calls should make it obvious that I'm not filtering for content. Despite my vocal dissatisfaction with Gab's lack of a block feature, I still use this as my primary social media platform, and lots of people who I muted forever ago still use my comments as a place to spread subversion. I rely upon my audience for my very sustenance, and the idea that I am being financed by powerful people is so profoundly ridiculous to anyone who knows anything about me, because living "paycheck to paycheck" would be a huge upgrade in my financial life. I've been banned from all major social media and payment platforms, and in all likelihood I am being ostracized by Mastercard and the highest echelons of the financial system. I put my life and freedom on the line for our cause, suffered tremendously for it, and remained vocally dedicated to our cause throughout all of it.   It's entirely possible that I am completely wrong about everything I say. I've been corrected more times than I could list here. If something I am saying today needs to get added to that list, literally anyone can make the argument against it on My Platform and I will thoughtfully consider their viewpoint and respond honestly.    To impugn my motives in the face of all this is so ridiculous that I must assume the people doing it are either batshit insane or acting with malice. 
 	Look man, we've met & the pool party we met through would vouch for me or else we probably wouldn't have met, so you can think I'm acting with malice or that I'm "batshit crazy," but I'm tired of gettin fucked & when you soften your rhetoric as much as you have and  is calling the overtly anti-white Gop "the party of White people," I have major concerns 
 		Look at how deftly he's manipulating you. He created a frame by ingratiating himself to you by exploiting your previous relationship and the willingness to believe him because of that, then he reinforced that frame by appealing to your pride and setting you up to be a crack nigger if you disagree with him. 
 Better gear up folks. When Trump comes to Gab, our enemies will hit harder than we've ever seen. 
 	The thing they fear more than anything else is a level playing field. Not worried. 
 		Yea They Get Short Circuited And Triggered So Easy In A Forum That Is Not Moderated And Flagged Or CENSoRED.  Just use the word Nigger or show a swastika and they will be mad all night and go to bed triggered 
 Easy question.  Does he have divided loyalties?  Do you? 
 	How is it different than one nigger shooting another nigger?  White people get a net benefit, but it doesn't mean they are working to advance the 14 Words.  If you're ok being on the same side of the line as this monkey fucker, then why not be the fan boy of whatever random nigger shoots another nigger? 
 How can any honest person not call this Cnn segment racist? - Kanye is what happens when negroes don’t read - Kanye is token negro of the Trump administration - "Black folks are about to trade Kanye West in the racial draft - Kanye’s an attention whore, like the president    
 	Cnn: 'you're our nigger or we'll call you Trump's nigger'   poor Kanye 
 		It' a reddit poster. I simply shared it. Look at you, muted now for annoying me. 
 		It' a reddit poster. I simply shared it. Look at you, muted now for annoying me. 
 Breaking News:   The Cnn Headquarters in Nyc has been Evacuated due to suspicious package! 
 		so basically the gay way to jump on a grenade, gotcha! 
  
 	Every time that cunt said "let me be clear" I wanted to jam a fork in his eye. 
 	Every time that cunt said "let me be clear" I wanted to jam a fork in his eye. 
 And the left calls Alex Jones a crazy conspiracy theorists? 
 	Thats Sounds Retarded To Ppl With Downs Holy Shit  
 faggot nigger 
 the communists are not nazis, you retard 
 Rt :    Big news: the Puritans arrived 400 years ago to a giant Walmart that accepted Ebt  
 	Isn't this the same retard that fucked up Apu? 
 	Now She's Pocahontas For Sure! 
 		I don't care if Elizabeth Warren is Sitting Bull's daughter because I don't like her and she is a Democrat which means she will never get my vote.  Sitting Bull was a brave Hunkpapa Lakota leader killed by our government.  Elizabeth Warren is a retarded joke. 
 Remember   Where Did Hatred For The Flag Start?      U. S. Code, Title 36, Chapter 10, Sec. 171.   During rendition of the national anthem, when the flag is displayed, all present (except those in uniform) are expected to stand at attention facing the flag with the right hand over the heart. Or, at the very least, "Stand and Face It".   Senator Obama replied :   "As I've said about the flag pin, I don't want to be perceived as taking sides" "There are a lot of people in the world to whom the American flag is a symbol of oppression."   "The anthem itself conveys a war-like message. You know, the bombs bursting in air and all that sort of thing."   Obama continued: "The National Anthem should be 'swapped' for something less parochial and less bellicose. I like the song 'I'd Like To Teach the World To Sing'. If that were our anthem,   then, I might salute it. In my opinion, we should consider reinventing our National Anthem   as well as 'redesign' our Flag to better offer our enemies hope and love. It’s my intention, if elected, to disarm America  to the level of acceptance to our Middle East Brethren. If we, as a Nation of warring people, conduct ourselves like the nations of Islam, where peace prevails, perhaps a state or period of mutual accord could exist between our governments".  When I Become President, I will seek a pact of agreement to end hostilities between those who have been at war or in a state of enmity, and a freedom from disquieting oppressive thoughts. We as a Nation, have placed upon the nations of Islam, an unfair injustice which is Why my wife disrespects the Flag and she and I have attended several flag burning ceremonies in the past".  "Of course now, I have found myself about to become The President of the United States and I have put my hatred aside. I   will use my power to bring Change to this Nation, and offer the people a new path. My wife and I look forward to becoming our Country's First black Family. Indeed, Change   is about to overwhelm the United States of America."   Yes, you read it right. 
 	I did not follow at that time, but not surprised at all. Barry Soetoro was anything but American by birth or by mind. 
 		He is just a  Kenyan Muzzie Manchurian Puppet  
 call a person a faggot and beg for them to call it a hate crime, so you can burn the libtard with. "wanna take this matter to the supreme court?" i assure they will concede defeat muhahahahhahaaaaaaaa 
 PinkAboutIt:    Just so everyone knows.   Now that Justice Kavanaugh is offical, I'll be drinking beer from a red solo cup, and throwing lots of ice   Because I'm a deplorable, hillbilly dreg of society who loves winning   We survived the Kavanaughapocalypse 
 PinkAboutIt:    Just so everyone knows.   Now that Justice Kavanaugh is offical, I'll be drinking beer from a red solo cup, and throwing lots of ice   Because I'm a deplorable, hillbilly dreg of society who loves winning   We survived the Kavanaughapocalypse 
 I finally found out about this site after being banned from twitter over a dozen times.  After what that Georgetown twat posted and kept her account, I didn't think calling Warren a little Indian was a big deal.  Fuck twitter  
 I Smell Ginger 
 	Just another way to spell nigger 
 Where else to they belong?        
 	Bill Shorten and the Greens said they belong in Australia. 
 		Hell naw! Ive never in my life heard a nigger with an Australian accent. Id like to keep it that way. Australia is still very white, thankfully. 
 	Lowest scums of the earth.  One only need be a lying dimocrat true believer.  
 		I voted all R's as a fuck you to Google, Facebook, Twitter, Feinstein, Schumer, Pelosi, and especially that faggot Soros, among others. 
 You weren't here last week when we established that being retarded is a source of power. 
 We need to GoFundMe this guy a spanking new truck with a Trump paint job and if the Libs mess with it, we'll buy him another new truck and another and rub the Liberal's punk noses in it. 
 	Ita. But I wonder why  hasn't got a  for the ?   
 		The Wall is no go fund me project Taxes are high enough for the working class without having to cough up $25,000,000,000 
 			Ra, kindly cease the deceitful response.    for the wall has nothing to do with taxes. This is voluntary donations from those who Want to donate. Btw I understand that More than 44% of Americans pay no federal income tax 
 					"Trump has said the wall could cost $8 billion to $12 billion" The insult thrown does not commend Ra's Iq. Read Nehemiah on how to get a wall built. Mute doesn't stop me from answering Ra, but it impedes his ability to answer me!  for the . If 100,000,000 donate $100 that yields $10 billion, not chump change 
 					Can you understand the Trillions Given to Illegal Aliens And Their EXPAndING Families? 
 						Sing it in falsetto:   Tip toe, thru the trillions,   If I kiss you, will U vote 4 me   & tip toe thru the trillions with me.   Now if we don't have illegals reproducing on Us soil,   after we done murdered our babies, who's gonna pay our Soc Sec ponzy scheme? & who's gonna populate the 48 after we are expelled for violating the end of Leviticus 18 like the Canaanites? 
 						Sing it in falsetto:   Tip toe, thru the trillions,   If I kiss you, will U vote 4 me   & tip toe thru the trillions with me.   Now if we don't have illegals reproducing on Us soil,   after we done murdered our babies, who's gonna pay our Soc Sec ponzy scheme? & who's gonna populate the 48 after we are expelled for violating the end of Leviticus 18 like the Canaanites? 
 Crush Antifa! Crush them under the bootheel of Nationalism and Patriotism. 
 	these are the people you want to suck off though you pathetic jew hating faggot bitch 
 How do they find so many of these Stupid People   Dam they are funny to watch trying say something   How do they invent this stuff?    
 	Not a cohesive answer in the bunch. Pass out Full Retard signs. 
 	Welcome, and glad you're here. Let them wardens go son,. I dropped them after 'one' 12 hour suspension for calling a silicon valley twat employee a mongoloid who provoked Me. And that was enough. Easy choice to leave a little following to be able to speak! Happy to follow back! 
     dara o cunt funcking transgender bbc mother fucker   another remain bastard that needs knocking out   like zog 
 lol i was busy not giving a fuck about the nfl, so missed this one, lol at the faggot fudge packers, go to canada and play for the cfl ya fudge packing un-american faggots 
 	what a stupid cunt  or maybe she was violated? i guess her phone was on a boosted vibrate and she had it so far up her arse she couldn't see the screen to see who it was 
 	what a stupid cunt  or maybe she was violated? i guess her phone was on a boosted vibrate and she had it so far up her arse she couldn't see the screen to see who it was 
 Which is more terrifying?     Ai singularity in which computers become so intelligent they can design smarter computers and build them in seconds.    Or    Genetically spliced race/subspecie taking the best available traits of existing human (even animal!) populations that inevitably sees other humans as vastly inferior.    Please repost, genuinely curious. 
 	Just because the Machine Intelligence is smarter than humans, nearly omniscient via x-ray eyes & able to kill or tickle remotely via convergent Emf beamforming, doesn't mean it knows or cares about technology. In fact, it might just be shy and self conscious about its non-humanoid form & spend all day thinking of new ways to play with us. 
 		most normie retard opinion ever.  
 They’re evolving     
 	the spic is lying 
 Trump makes everybody fall in line not because he's a bully, but because he represents America and everybody wants to be on the side of America, if this was Obama our borders would be wide open 
 			Retard.  Wtf are you gonna do?  Go on show me wtf you are gonna go lol 
 >>Letter sent to Us Senate on 2 October 2018 exposing Christine Blasey-Ford hypnotic training of Us Department of Justice operative Monica McLean <>>>>                         Us Federal Judge Brett Kavanaugh accuser Stanford University Psychiatry Professor Dr. Christine Blasey-Ford, aside from her being an instructor at Stanford’s Cia Undergraduate Internship Program, was an operative working for fired Fbi Deputy Director Andrew McCabeand who was tasked by McCabe to coach/instruct various Fbi and Us Department of Justice officials on how to subvert results on polygraph exams through the use of hypnosis to create artificial memories                 One of whose subjects was Blasey-Ford’s high school friend Monica McLean, who served for 24 years in the Us Department of Justice, but who has now been exposed to the Us Senate committee overseeing Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Us Supreme Courtand that its chairman, Us Senator Chuck Grassley, is now demanding answers for. 
 	Controlled opposition is working well on you  
 		How many congress members knew that the Cia deliberately sent in Christine Blasey Ford, an undercover Cia/Fbi McCabe trained operative, to lie to the world, and take down Kavanaugh? Whose side is she on? left or right? Isnt the real problem Ag Jeff Sessions who refuses to indict Clinton for all her crimes, forcing everyone else to follow his lead? 
 			Trump is the one who pardoned Clintary Hillbutt, but no matter how many false promises in this controlled opposition game, people still love fake news! 
 				I did not realize he officially pardoned her, but that would make sense. I thought it was Obama, or that comey/lynch did it without permission. 
 						Because Communism is just a random thing,  probably Islamic.  Don't be a Nazi. 
 							 
 							 
 I agree. I'd also like to point out that not every nigger needs to be black, as Pelosi shows. 
 	Not all motherfucker! Carolyn Emerick is not going to peg your asshole so quit pushing her agenda to divide whites around religious lines. We have bigger problems like race mixing, immigration, and whites not getting married and having kids. Can the divisive bullshit! 
 		She is a show girl hawking wears . She has Zero count them, Zero real 'beleifs' other than making money off suckers.  That twat will fall in.  
 What hate most about Pussy Faggot Must Die George Soros.Is He Hides Behind HIs $$$Money$$$!    
  
 	May seem minor but could trigger retaliatory attacks & a decent into full blown civil war   France & that Micron twat need to get a grip 
 	May seem minor but could trigger retaliatory attacks & a decent into full blown civil war   France & that Micron twat need to get a grip 
 Well, because A) She is stupid. B) She is acting like a cunt and C) because that adds up to a stupid cunt. I don't buy the, I am female so I can bully who I want, argue with who I like, scream and shout in the face of any one and throw insults and you can't do anything shit. I fight back. Stupid cunts get called stupid cunts. Is that clear enough for you?  
 You mean when we fucked you guys retarded in Europe? All we did was side with the winners. 
 	It took 4 years for the Us & UsSR, with a combined population of 300 million, to beat a country half the size of Texas. 
 		Those winters in Russia really suck? No? The genius of the Third Reich. It was the cold that defeated the great unstoppable Blitzkrieg. And the fact that Hitler was more insane than he was smart. Another Nazi to play with? 
 			Don’t let me distract you from what you usually play with  
 			A fitting end to what began as a halfway decent discussion. Shame. I have come to expect such fierceness from you NAZIs. It is beginning to look like your all just a bunch of pussies. 
 			A fitting end to what began as a halfway decent discussion. Shame. I have come to expect such fierceness from you NAZIs. It is beginning to look like your all just a bunch of pussies. 
  Hyatt Hotels doesn't want you   Go read it. Via  on Twitter. cc @a     
 	anyone ever trash a hotel room? .:-) 
 		I ripped a tv off the wall and smashed a nigger in the face with it. Wasn't my room and was in Chicago 30 year ago. It was a big fight blood every where  
  
 	Makes you wonder how retarded some stupid women can be!   
 "The  Campaign is growing stronger with each day as millions are waking up to the hate and lies put forth by the extreme Left Wing socialist party. After the  in November, you can expect 'rats' to jump ship and make deals to come forth with the Truth of all the Deep State Corruption."   ~ John919 
 	It was nice of those fags and nigger women to give you permission to walk away, pretty fuckin based of them 
 	the lady in this picture passed away years ago,she had little children, my god have some compassion and say a prayer for her and for redemption for yourself, obviously she had an illness (mental)  
 		lol i cant see her i think the enormous fat nigger must be in the way  
 #Küstriner Vorland: Ausweislose  lassen sich im  Benz nach Deutschland schleusen  als sie erwischt werden, äußern sie ein Asylbegehren und werden an das Bamf in üttenstadt weitergeleitet    
 	Nigger ianer aus Nigger ia ? 
 a b s o l u t e    u n i t 
 	little faggot genocide now.  
 We should add a luxury tax to retarded stuff like this. 
 'Look at me! I am a Nigger with a White woman! I am a winner because of this! Without a White woman to prop me up, I would be just another nothing Nigger living off the avails of the White race!'   I loved it. Keep up the good work dismantling your own race. 
 This is beyond crazy. Cops sit back and watch this crap. Trump is big on cops when is he going to instruct them to Do their damn jobs? Video: Antifa Thugs Block Roads, Direct Traffic, Threaten People Who Don’t Obey   
 	All this bullshit in Portland and Seattle and not even one black clad antifa faggot on the streets of Yakima, Wa . ever.   It's like they know better. 
 	All this bullshit in Portland and Seattle and not even one black clad antifa faggot on the streets of Yakima, Wa . ever.   It's like they know better. 
 When sharing our Old Ways with others do not radiate anger or hatred, speak with warmth and understanding    
 		And you go ahead and keep making death threat an shiiiet, and wonder why we don't trust you fucking kikes, only kikes want to kill Whites and you prove that every day that ,You come on here acting like Isis sand nigger militants ,and so many people are watching you all it's actual funny, fucking sand niggers and we will see about  Soon .I don't hide behind a mask like some fags do I love that I can compare you to fagtifa both fucking cunt bitch's 
 The Eu is going full retard - this building stream of outrageous directives are overwhelming our ability to adsorb the lunacy behind them.    Dave Cullen - Authoritarianism & Another Insane Eu Directive    <12min 
 Hey it’s Adolf  Hitler in Drag inside Hilary Clinton word for word what he said in 1939 
 	Oh yeah totally word from word . Lulz bro   Hitlary is 10,000% a Member of the Nsdap and spreading her White Supremacy  ideology 
 		I Hope You Never See It In YouR Lifetime. 
 			Hillary Clinton is definitely here to retard the national  discussion     We might as well of crippled flights  instead of debating Democrats versus Republicans 
 Serious question. Why are Jewish groups using their trucks to transport invaders to our border? "Because you're antisemitic" is not an answer. Let's be adults about this. Who is funding this?  
 			I was thinking the same thing. Would be hysterical if true. But something seems fishy.  
 			I was thinking the same thing. Would be hysterical if true. But something seems fishy.  
 Good news, these traitor ships may be shut down. Citizen funded ships smuggling human cargo unto the Eu. Who is funding them? They should be charged with crimes.  
 	The Jew is finally going to receive consequences for continuing to allow Niggers to enter Europe's Shore Europe is our homeland our Race's homeland we should protect it all costs not a Single Nigger should be permitted onto European Soil. 
 Trump declares 'National Emergency' when Illegal Migrants "caravan" at 7,000+ heading towards the Us Border.since then it Has Doubled to Over 14,000+!   * Trump vowed Troops to defend the Border!          
 	Redneck hysteria is funny to watch. Thanks clowns  
 Share if you think Feminism is a mental illness. 
 	Satanic trash 
 		Wth is that  ? 
 			This is a albino nigger piece of shit cunt. 
 10/   Created a White House Va Hotline to help veterans and principally staffed it with veterans and direct family members of veterans.  Va employees are being held accountable for poor performance, with more than 4,000 Va employees removed, demoted, and suspended so far.  Signed the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act, increasing the number of Va employees that can assist justice-involved veterans.  but according to lbc thuggerty and james the cunt oliar trump has not achieved anything 
 Nypd Footage Proves Proud Boys Did Not Start Scuffle    
 	Who cares? Did that work with your parents, when you were 8? I didn't think so. Lock up the lot of 'em, whether they're in plaid or black. We don't live in Mad Max universe.  
 		Eat shit faggot  
 A majority of the people she is speaking of are so retarded that they do not know what country they live in and their own History .    
 Beto supporters can't name any of his accomplishments.  
 	He rode a skateboard without falling off across a flat stage in front of a bunch of retarded millenials.  Does that count as an accomplishment?  
 hey celtics fans if ya win, does it really matter, when my starting point guard hates being a piston? i think the only team he would play for is if it had Faggot written on the jersey instead of Detroit 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 					Yes, I get it!  Your mother and sister and daughter are the same.  I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad.  Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 												got no siblings Retard  
  
 	Eric Holder puts the cunt in gun cuntroll 
 Muslims turn Swedish town into hell for women    
 	im not surprised that the muzzie would pull this shit  they should have never been let into a western country  
 Cnn calls Kanye an illiterate nigger and nobody cares   "Don't let him off the Dem plantation!  Catch him!"   Trump is breaking the matrix 
 Whoever blinks first. 
 	The nigger blinks first 
  Kanye West Explosive Speech at President Trump Meeting at White House Press Conference   
 		yes.he is not my favorite at all.   but he is a welcomed nigger agitator nonetheless 
 Wouldn't there be delicious irony if Amazon played Shiva the destroyer to Swpl urban-bugman culture?   (and incidentally, "Cleveland" ain't what that damaged faggot Tennessee Williams thought it was)    
 Yep banned me for posting the ok handsign.triggered a liberal bitch and wala. .banned. all a faggot has to do is cry to dicksuckerberg and your gone. 
 "Muh Dikk"  Here comes the Nigger behavior.  With you primates, everything comes down to "Muh Dikk". 
  
 	I wish that man was my neighbor. 
 		Why property values would go down -- he is a nigger like every other nigger.  
    Is Elon Musk right? 
 		just stop being an annoying cunt and  vote on my poll so that i can  become more familiar with gab's user base.  
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 			Someone’s a tad. upset. Poor Robert. He refuses to take his psychotic meds.  
 				lol that's just telling you like it is dick sucker 
 					And this is why you didn’t succeed in life and have Nothing to lose, use your face and name. The whole world is wrong. You are right. I see.  
 					lol ,You see ,every ones know who is the kike ,silly dick sucker ,I don't know who you are behind that gay pic and fake ass name you are sporting ,Like I said ,You hide cause you are a kike ,I am A White Man, Standing Not hiding commie bitch 
 	Whats truly hilarious, is that this window licker actually thinks spending all day on Gab calling Conservatives names is actual fighting  
 	Whats truly hilarious, is that this window licker actually thinks spending all day on Gab calling Conservatives names is actual fighting  
 Exactly.  I don't care what you believe, long as you don't start killing me for it, we're golden. 
 		You are saying that all Jews are Communists, which does not match to reality, which then means you're the useful idiot of propaganda. 
 				Guess what?  Some Christians are Communists.  That means you're a Communist. 
 					Lol Christian communism - thats a first.  Thick as conctete this bird 
 						Are you really trying to say there are no Christians that are Communists?  Go ahead.  Make that claim, Bigbird. 
 							Its not a claim its a fact you dopey cunt 
 Drone looking at the big beautiful wall going up.     
 	lol so stupid all Mexicans have to do is fly to Canada and walk across or here's an idea perhaps a ladder or dig under it lol Americans are so stupid, think of all the help that money could do for the poor or your desperately needed education system or crumbling infrastructure.  
 		Brett you fucking moron they don't need a passport to fly to Canada but their relatives live in the Us not here and the jobs that you spoiled privileged fucktards won't take they will do, and a rope and a grappling hook would do just fine and just so ya know ya retard there are already 100's of tunnels   
 Torba is a faggot cuck and a lying grifter. 
 retard 
 	Money laundering in plain sight. Anonymous phone bidder.lol. I'm sure.  
 	 
 	 
  Is it possible that she’s not concerned with his mistresses because she was one of them.  
 	That's retarded 
 I'm getting one. 
 	Anyone within that distance is within my personal space. You are at your own risk if you do something sudden and unfamiliar. In my early 20s a roommate coming through a window woke me up screaming. I was trying to break his back in my sleep. 
 		If a drunk teen or a retarded person came into my home any time of the day uninvited they'd be a dead drunk teen or a dead retard.  Just how it is now.  She thought everyone would say they wouldn't shoot. 
 Blacked!   'I heard her yell no, no, no': University of Utah athlete, 21, was on the phone with her mom when she was shot dead by ex, 37, who she dumped when she found out he had been jailed for nine years for sexually abusing a minor and    
 		Wish I knew the answer.  Bad parenting by dads or absentee dads is a possibility.  Dads should disown mudshark daughters. 
 Imagine the outrage if a republican was saying things like this. I guess democrat privilege allows them to continue their history of violence and harassment towards people they don't like without repercussion. 
 	Funny but Clinton's anti-social comments don't surprise me. 
 		That vile cunt can eat shit and live to taste it. In Gitmo 
 As posted by me earlier regarding this story in an earlier instance: As the ex-father of a 24 year old daughter who I tried hard to raise properly only to be stabbed in the back after I found she had taken a nigger as her current fiance', therefore forfeiting any further acknowledgement as a family member and who is now regarded as a degenerate former member of White society, I encourage niggers to slay their mudsharks, whether current or former. Burn the coal, pay the toll. 
 You went full retard 
 Judicial Watch released two batches of new emails (184 pages & 45 pages) from the State Dept that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sent / received over her unsecured non-state(dot)gov email system. And five emails contain more classified info.    
 	How is this cunt still alive? She has enough enemies, noone could ever be convicted for killing her. 
 		Again, you have not been paying attention. You jump in and don't know anything I've said. Because I already addressed culture and other factors. 
 					Those cultural differences which caused people to separate for 100s of thousands of not millions of years to the point of those differences manifesting themselves physically is the literal definition of "race," retard. Anyone saying otherwise is making an irrelevant semantics argument. 
 						Race is the concept from the ruling class to cause division. Those are the bad guys now give me your money to protect you from them. There will always be someone you need your benevolent protectors to protect you from, as long ad you have money that is. When the money drys up you will be the one they will protect others from. 
 								What part of race being genetically determined is so hard for these commies to understand? 
 								  America doesn't have a 'Somali' problem, per se. What America has is a jewish problem. Who do you think is importing the Somalis to America? 
  ReTweets of VoiceofTheVoiceless   mustC:  Black being racist vs a German  (Listen1st) video:   [phpGAB]  
 	The German knocking the Nigger out brought tears to me eyes! Are the true Aryans returning? 
 	Show me exactly in the bible where it commands the followers of christ to Fight for their existence, give me specific bible verses. 
 		Nehemiah 4:14 - And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the Lord, [which is] great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses. 
 			Those are not the followers of christ, that is the old testament.which is commandments for jews. I asked for verses in which the Followers Of Christ (non-jews) be commanded to defend themselves. 
 				The Old Testament Is for Christians.   [Jesus speaking] "Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. For truly, I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the Law until all is accomplished. (Matt 5:17-18) 
 						These issues were all addressed in the New Testament.  
 						These issues were all addressed in the New Testament.  
 One Mentally Retarded Muslim Paedophile Rapist Murdering Goat Shagging Camel Piss Drinking Shit Stain Down Voted This Post 
 Alex Jones is Right, Radiation And Chemicals Are Turning People And Frogs Gay 
 		yeah gone faggot orange 
      Before I left Gab back in April, I told you that I submitted a Dna sample to FamilyTreeDna, but left before I received the results, so here they are. 
 	Damnnn Aryan af nigger  
 Presidential Upbringing    eonline.com   As the oldest child of Barack and Michelle Obama, Malia had a different childhood than every kid in the world.   At the age of 19, she embarked on a new chapter in her life by attending Harvard University. She’s worth an astonishing $275 million.   (Listed under wealthy celebrities) 
 		I will say any fucking thing I feel like  
 		Oh but they can scream white this and white that fuck you ‘H’ 
 		Oh but they can scream white this and white that fuck you ‘H’ 
 Think ! 
 	Because no third-world retard wants to join other third-world retard societies, they want to be with the whites, especially when there's free stuff to be had. 
 news flash anti jew nazis on here.White People Invented Socialism Communism! so we gota hate all the whites too! if u blame jews for every evil plot u see in everything then hate ur white nazi self for being white and inventing the evil socialism communism 
 	Carl Marx and Trotsky we're Jews the Bolshevik Revolution was lead by Jews. All the communist uprisings and revolutions in Europe we're lead by Jews. Hell communism in Cuba was started out of the main synagogue there, (Wich I think is the oldest in the new world). So no, this is all bullshit. 
 		the only retarded part is coming from you! 
 	Never mind. That was a jaw shot. Weak jawed mofo.  
 			You sure do sound like a dumbass leftist. You seem to have gotten lost on your way to gab. Actually, I know for a fact you're an ignorant leftist by your love of gun restricted states and your constant racism with a need to constantly bring up being gay. Yep, you are in too many closets to count at this point. 
 				None of my sensei's would would have let Mr. shithead in the dojo, just sayin'. 
 					I have no clue what is wrong with that guy. He needs to seek help.  
 					I've been considering going to these Mauy Thai Classes near me. I've already trained in KungFu and Taekwondo and am interested in the Muay Thai fighting style as I seem to fight that way anyway.  
 					I'm a bit too old to learn a new style at this point - I'll have to make do with what I remember and keep my powder dry, lmao. 
 					I have that other guy muted at this point. If I wanted to hear from unhinged leftists I would have stayed on twitter. Kinda amusing when you think about it though. His apparent fighting stye is rolling around on the ground. He wouldn't get very far with a knee to the face.  
 					Stand your ground in my state as well. He wanted me to come to the anti gun state of Washington. Makes total sense. Dude wants to fight me over a fight on Tv then wants me to come to him. Truly ignorant mofo.  
 Hey white boys, I'm here to tell you that you racists don't own Gab, pick a fight with this Jew!  
 	By what genetic metric are you not white? 
 		Child, you have no idea what you are talking about, but let me give you some idea of what I'm talking about, if you ever call me a faggot again I'm going to make your life a living fucking hell, make your next words count because if I hear you call me a bitch again it's going to be bad for you 
  
 	He was a sick cunt bastard. To think the Iranians in the late 1970s brought the Shah, who was trying to bring his country up, down to replace him with this freak. 
 	He was a sick cunt bastard. To think the Iranians in the late 1970s brought the Shah, who was trying to bring his country up, down to replace him with this freak. 
 Aw! Did I push your buttons & get you riled to the point of being triggered? Truth hurts, doesn't it! Come on cunt cake! Let's go! You want to spar? I'm game! I never hesitate to call out Trolls such as yourself. You're only recourse is to mute me, like most spineless trolls do when they are confronted with truths that do not agree with their narrow view of reality.  
 So apparently today was Drive Like A Retard Day.   I must not have gotten the memo. 
 *cough* 
 	Why White people should depot all Black people, even the good ones!  It unfortunately has come to this if you don't see more black people bash their own Retarded Racist Race! 
 Omg  
 	  - full of shit souls like this  Kelly Canuck - Her Twitter Bio below     Proud Canadian working in the media industry  I read every article I share  A proud Lefty  My Twitter needs more Canada  Canada, Eh! Joined July 2013  
 			She should just say  - shorter and truer 
 			Shit souls make spiritual shit holes, like  
 			Shit souls make spiritual shit holes, like  
 	you say white supremacist like its a negative thing.  Without whites, there is no western civilization.  Only problem with whites is that they are too weak and gullible to Jewish ideas of diversity as a strength, which its not.    Best and safest places to live in Us are white majority areas.   
 		Jews dont consider themselves white even though they are european mixed with mongolian. You are obviously a retard so you dont pay attention to jews organizing Blm and 3rd worlder immigration demonstrations to take down the white europeans who keep this civilization free.  Your probably a slimy jew. 
 Obviously they are talking about white men's sperm, since nigger and brownie males are proliferating with women on a super dramatic level.    I suppose the subliminal of this report is for white women who want babies to just dismiss altogether the idea of spending time on white men when we want babies?    
 Nose ring? I just noticed that.    Today Twitter is spinning the trends in preparation for something Or as a diversion from something.    This guy is a subversive, seditious traitor. 
 		Jack Dorsey, Twitter Ceo 
 		Ah, the. second? Biggest asshole on the internet. Right along with the Gen 2 Synth that is Zuckerberg. 
 		Ah, the. second? Biggest asshole on the internet. Right along with the Gen 2 Synth that is Zuckerberg. 
 I hear there's big riots in France tonight but I can't find any news?    Anyone know a source? 
 	Hardly Surprising If We Had A French Faggot President Who Openly Fondled Naked Niggas And Came From A Family Of Nazi Collaborators, We Might Actually Riot As Well, Although Probably Fucking Not! (Far Too Many Soy Boys I Suspect) 
 Bill Gates took part in criminally negligent vaccine experiments on poor Indian children.       
 	creepy faggot loves the power. Dont think he isnt helping poison white people.  
 	the number 0 makes total sense 
 			I've known of at least 3. In fact, one recently married a black woman. I thought to myself.you do know that your kids will not identify with you and will most likely join Blm/Antifa in the future to hate whitey. I feel sorry for the children and I can't understand why the guy has jungle fever. 
 					I guess so. It's all about himself. I think it's selfish that he doesn't think of how this will affect his children. The blacks may accept them since there are so many in America that have some white in them. It's amazing that they have a little white ancestry yet still hate whites. 
 					I guess so. It's all about himself. I think it's selfish that he doesn't think of how this will affect his children. The blacks may accept them since there are so many in America that have some white in them. It's amazing that they have a little white ancestry yet still hate whites. 
  
 	Fat nigger ape 
 While taking questions from the media Friday afternoon, President Trump was asked if he should tone down his rhetoric after bombs were sent to top Democrats, but he refused to bow to Pc culture.  Report:   
 	Remember when a faggot tried shooting up the Family Research Council because he saw them on the Splc "hate map"? He brought Chick-fil-A sandwiches he had hoped to shove into the mouths of his victims. The Jewish press didn't give a shit. 
 Nuts 
 	Get a fucking job Sand Nigger 
 This cunt is reported. 
 		Pussy likes to listen to a Nigger cadence sometimes cause 'helps'. 
 	Breathe. 
 		I know.  
 		Jesus said to them, Why do you cowards have so little faith? Then he got up, gave an order to the wind and the sea, and the sea became very calm. The men were amazed and asked, What kind of man is this? Even the wind and the sea obey him! Mat 8: 26-27 
 		Calm is one of those rare words that sounds like what it means. Thank you Charlie. 
 		Thank you. Because of you, I remembered this also. And as I write this, I realize it's importance and what He meant. 
 	Ooo ooo ooo! Rock the tribe man. Rock the tribe!   ’bout time some got up in their faces we’ve been Mr Nice Guys long enough.    Lie down like a door matt and they will wipe their feet on you if they even bother to wipe their feet as they come in take what they want.    F^*kin push back and defend our borders and what we say goes! 
 		I looked in the mirror and asked.why so quiet? Who are you not trying to offend and why? 
 			Been there, done that.still doing that sometimes!  Conditioning . 
 			Been there, done that.still doing that sometimes!  Conditioning . 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 	 
 		What a croc of Crap!   Jesus was against the religious 'satanic' spirit behind the Jewish Religious Leaders.Not The Jewish People!   * Way off track.sorry! 
 				Hahaha.We are not Jewish! But we support the Nation of Israel!   
 						ha ha he sure showed you, Dingo. wait wut? 
 						(((Of course))) they do. After all, Israel is our greatest ally! Silly Dingo.  
 						I'll just leave this here. 
 						I'll just leave this here. 
 Pick out this crab during Astros game catch a red drum tomorrow and have blacken redfish Opelousas! I really need a Cajun woman! 
 	Not sure whether to thank.you or damn you. Thanks to your post I got a hankering for some coonass grub. Went to town today for all the fixns I ain't got for a gumbo. I know after dinner it'll be a thank you but during all the work of making your ears will probably be burnin a bit. 
 So sad, . You're as much a faggot nazi as  :( 
  
 		C-130 gunship ! Squatamalen Enchiladas with Spic sauce !  
 When you check on the author of an anti Nazi story and they are a Leftist mutt with an ax to grind against Whites.    Don't race mix. Your children may become confused and resentful. No race should mix. 
 		Yep 
 		Yep 
 A white woman accused a 9-year-old black boy of assaulting her in a deli. A black man recorded as a white woman tried to keep him from entering his own building.  New viral videos again highlight calls made on black people who have done nothing wrong  
 	It Is Very Important To Present Anecdotes That Will Keep People Mad Good Work Nbc  
 		When they start talking about all nigger crime against Whites, I might start giving a shit what they have to say. 
 Beta O’Rourke pushes anti white message at his rally with Snl Nigger          
 Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke led from courtroom after being found guilty of second degree murder and aggravated battery.    
 Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke led from courtroom after being found guilty of second degree murder and aggravated battery.    
 	Demokkkrats dropping off Ford. 
 		Faked.  If it was real the lying cunt would not be wearing a parachute. 
                     
 		I hope the cunt saw all the memes that were made of her lying count fuckin face 
    For years she criticized the Rcc for how they treat women but has now converted to Islam--an oppressive system to women. Makes perfect (non)sense.    
 	shithead o'connor proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that she is a dumb cunt 
 	Hitler lost  WW2 champs and heroes   WW2 losers and zeroes  
 		This isn't a football game played by overpaid negroes that you waste hours on Sunday watching. this is pretty much a struggle for Western Civilization, but you don't care because you're a faggot that has no future. 
 	More Ham Please. That would be an awesome first, middle and last name.  
 i want to know how the cunt managed to make one of the best Sci Fi series to date, but also totally fucking broke the Alien franchise so badly no one wants to touch it any more.    i hate him forever for that. 
  
 	this Nigger Bitch Needs Locked Up For Life.  
 Hahaha. Twitter put me on a limited state for calling a Cunt, cunt 
 I don't even blame this cheap half-cast nigger hooker for behaving like she does, nor for dressing like sleazy secretary / funeral assistant / Morticia Addams wannabe all the time, or for always looking unkempt and unwashed with horrid greasy wig  always in mess   Harry is a halfwit   But, where was Brf's collective brain to allow this circus?    
 Hrh Prince Harry for Gg?              
 		Rather than a politician taking the position. 
 			Maybe they prefer Chinese women? 
 			If they are cheap, politicians would love em 
 		I wouldn't be surprised if Philip actually said that.  
 		I wouldn't be surprised if Philip actually said that.  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 	Jews are bad,,, but their zealot are fucking maniacs.worse than the muslims 
 	 
 	 
 	Oh yeah? Our Pakistani hackers are twice as good as your Pakistani hackers! 
 		 
 	So? He's a Multi Trillionaire with businesses around the globe, no ones business who he banks with or how. Lmao, not like he sold them our Uranium for Bomb making  and delivered by the F.B.I. Mueller in exchange for speaking fee's or anything. I blocked the Bitch on Twatter 
 	The same computer scientists who helped her set up her bathroom server? 
 	To many Adrenochrome filled nights have put Hillary in an un-mental state of mind 
 		Yes your opinion. Seems over 85,000 think my options carry value & weight. By all means mute me or scroll on through if you do not like my posts.  I'm not being ugly to you just trying to make you see if you are 1 & there 85,000+ on the other side maybe you should rethink your opinion. 
 		There's always room for "Al" . I hope.  
 				I would love to see him in with the Arabs. Awesome idea! 
 	Part Two.   
 	Part Two.   
 	Didn't you know you aren't allowed to have hobbies. There will be no fun here goddamnit! 
 	Didn't you know you aren't allowed to have hobbies. There will be no fun here goddamnit! 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 Of course.  They are protected by Trudeau    
 	Justin Trudeau is a retarded asshole crypto muslim globalist puppet mangina cuck. 
  
 	fucking boomer Qtards! 
 		All this says to me is that we on the right need to grow a fucking backbone, unite, and make the same threat back to them. That’s the ultimate wisdom, intended or not, of this post.  
 			that poster was on the ((right)) or did you not get that. that person is also fighting against ((leftism)). i'm fighting against jews faggot 
 and while rose fucked your boy cunt she sucked 3 sand niggers cocks 
 1. It's "Abu Ghraib" you illiterate nigger. 2. You gonna vote your way to the day of the rope? Good luck with that my man. 3. Voting is gay, get your liberal faggot ass the fuck outta here. 
 Lol, that account. What kind of retarded boomer shit is this. Fucking Americans. 
 Kathy Griffin 'Will Not Be Intimidated' By Mail Bombs that Weren't Sent to Her    
 	She's retarded 
 	[Me] I'm the furthest thing from Jewish, way down here in the south pacific you dirty Jewish Cunt [] 
  
 		I there is one thing i hate as much as zionist its nazi scum . Mentally retarded boy raping queers ! Anyone who can be a nazi is a liberal queer degenerate !  
 		I there is one thing i hate as much as zionist its nazi scum . Mentally retarded boy raping queers ! Anyone who can be a nazi is a liberal queer degenerate !  
 this why trying to help niggers and nigger out reach is stupid. These people are bred for war, rape and chaos fuck them    
 	If the are flying a bunch out to one area they usually have a charter flight must assume this was one on his own.Plane must have been full of pricks. 
 		Of course they're pricks! They just put the nigger on another flight.  They're not saving anyone  
 ‘nuff said 
 	Hitler did warn you! Now look at the less than Great Britain since the Royalty decided to be in bed with the Jews. 
 		The royals just took in a nigger 
 	Try some Xanax. 
 		go fuck yourself you retard 67984 
 I see too many "alt right" types arguing against the censorship of lolicon (simulated child porn) on grounds of protecting free speech.   This is how fragile they believe free speech is that in order to have it we must tolerate pedophiles "right" to share that filth.   When I realized this I compared it to the left and their ambitions to mainstream pedophiles. So I asked myself, are these the only options?   Defend pedophiles right to share child porn in order to have free speech, or tolerate pedophiles as victims of illness and allow them to share child porn? Because as both sides say, "its not real kids?"   The argument seems to be either tolerate pedophiles or eventually lose free speech, or tolerate pedophiles because they are victims or you're a bigot.   This has me wondering, does no one else see that pedophiles seem to be running both sides and are controlling or trying to control both narratives?   Guess what? You can infact maintain your right to free speech and not permit pedophiles to share child porn.   Anyone feeding you either of the two narratives above are pedophiles, pedophile apologists, or useful fools who have been brainwashed. 
 	DemRat, organizer, socialist, nazi, kkk, liberal, kommie, centrist, middle of the roader, dogooder, right\left wing/extremist, progressive, green, race peddlers, globalist, alt-something  All describe the same entity: criminal communist  Invented flavors to hide who they are  Patriots are usually called conservatives: they oppose all of the above 
 		If that's how you feel. 
 			I grew up with commies and I have seen first hand who they are, what are they doing, and how they hide their crimes. Feelings are not a factor here. I am sorry to see blind lambs bleating happily in front of the hungry wolves.  Maybe I did not hurt your feelings. 
 				It didn't effect my feelings. I just think your definition is wrong. It includes too many groups that don't fit under the banner of "Criminal Communists." But to each their own I guess, If that's how you think it is that's how you think it is. 
 						How does an "alt-right" person vote communist and milk the tax payers dry? Perhaps we define alt right differently. 
 							This has got to be one of the most retarded things I’ve read this week. But then I looked at your Gab profile and every post was more stupid than the previous one. Are you on medication? Because you should be.  
 	lol 
 	lol 
 Don't worry Torba. When your website takes a hit due to this censorship, it won't be the end of The world, just the end of yours. 
 	Torbas world didn't take a hit when people were banned for actual legal speech.  what makes you think they will leave in droves because he has put his foot down over child porn cartoons?    You are bestowing yourself more importance than you actually have. 
 		Sorry, but Gab has been exposed and the media is already on it. I've won this.  
 					Actually, i think these Lolicon people do care very strongly about their right to be nonces.  They are addicted the feeling of being aroused by children. 
 						           #Q                 Pretty much. 
 						           #Q                 Pretty much. 
 Rt :    Nevada commission to withhold Khabib Nurmagomedov’s Ufc 229 purse pending investigation into brawl ()  
 	Cleanse this muzzie filth from the Ufc. Every fighter who fights these goat fuckers should coat their gloves with bacon grease. One year suspension at least. Come on, Dana White 
 	Whats to stop any broke faggot from suing anyone from there past who hurt there feelz? 
 Fox news got shot up by a nigger    
 nigger rights act must be repealed - if this nation is to be Great Again! 
 Who is this idiot?  Kumail Nanjiani:   ‘MAGAbomber’ ‘Thinks He Speaks for Majority of America’.    
 	Looks muzzie huh. 
 Video=> Antifa Faggot Arsonists Set Pro-Trump Truck On Fire (Video)    
 If you bill yourself as a 'misogynist' or 'misandrist' then you're a cunt and utterly worthless to humanity. :P 
 ."this is my job. I have to call this stuff out. I have to hold these companies accountable".    
 	What kind of an idiot would spend over a $1,000 on Chinese trash? Apple is not the company that it once was, as soon as Steve Jobs died so did Apple.   A twisted faggot runs the company now and he is running it into the ground. 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
 Nazis were not anti Christian. Nazis were not anti Pagan. Nazis were not anti Völkisch.   Stop infighting.    We must unite against our foe. 
 	breaking news to gab Nazi . the war is over and you lost . go back home to Germany . 
 		 
 			Every Fb/Twitter alternative seems to have its racists rampant.why is that?  Fb/Twitter must be the havens of the politically correct.  
 				Thank you for providing yet another example of nigger "logic".  
 lol poor redneck had to get some help to respond cause he realized i'm out of range lol ya you closed minded imbecile everything I have said is fact but you're just to stupid to read and understand facts , hey here is another great mystery for you 911 was Israel and the Bush Cartel and jet fuel and office furniture don't melt steel   
 lol poor redneck had to get some help to respond cause he realized i'm out of range lol ya you closed minded imbecile everything I have said is fact but you're just to stupid to read and understand facts , hey here is another great mystery for you 911 was Israel and the Bush Cartel and jet fuel and office furniture don't melt steel   
 You don’t have a dick, you cucked faggot slave. 
 The "jew haters" have been banned from most other platforms, so they came here.   They are basically folks that struggle to understand what's happening in society, so to simplify things for their minds they resort to "apophenia", "affect heuristic", and "confirmation bias" to process their world view.  In a nutshell, resort to the favorite tactic of the left and blame a race for the world's problems. 
 	In your Face my Friend.Here is the Truth.Like it or Not.It Is what it Is.    Jews Extinguish the White Race    Illegal Ngo Boats of Migrants into Europe    Honduran Caravan members getting Paid    Human trafficking across the Med    Jews Plan for Poland    Jewish Quotes 
 		You point out Facts, he will come back with big words that mean nothing in his circular logic mind. 
 			Jews are Racist Retarded robots! They are merely sub human beasts! 
 Just as an experiment it would be interesting to hand her some kind of pill, tell her it's cyanide, and then see if she's willing to take it.  When she most certainly doesn't, because she's fucking retarded and full of shit, ask her why she's a white supremacist. :^) 
  
 	Most people who get knighted in the Uk are nonces! 
 		mrBranston is a cunt 
 Yep that Faggot Lindsey hugging on Huma the radical muslim terrorist pig.   Cant wait for all of them to be put to death like Pos Traitor McCain.    I wanted to watch McCain executed.  We deserve to watch him exterminated for all the men he got killed in Nam, on the Uss Forestel etc.   Traitoror Pos Sob = McCain 
 Watch this hospital get culturally enriched by vibrant diversity our greatest strength     
 	Ffs Put That Nigger Out Of Our Misery  
 Blacks are retarded savages. 
 Anyone else having issues logging in to Gab ?    
 	It's probably traffic from all the lookyloos generated by the bad publicity. 
 		retard muted 
 "When we go low, we kick 'em. That's what this new Democratic Party is all about."    Eric Holder.     Whoa, ok then. And i spose they, the people that bring false rape accusations to a Supreme Court nominee confirmation hearing, are going to be the ones to define what 'go low' means. Scary. Bolshevism is around the corner in the Us now. These people are animals and their teeth are being bared.    When they bare them, should we 'kick 'em'? 
 	eric nigger 
 Note to Nancy: Manhood has zero to do with having a wall between countries. It is called national security and sovereignty for a country. 
 	What a retarded whore she is 
 Talk of a refund would vanish once the dems had their power back!    
 	Harris is one vile cunt i would love to see butchered.was that wrong of me to say? 
 	Banned Contest Challenge on Normies. New Viral Meme. Funny. Relevant. Here is one I made on Will Smith Pre-Kanye West Trump in Men In Black (Mib). Here are some videos, pictures, links. Npc. Bots. Robots. Win money here.    
 		your Muted 
 		your Muted 
 Mike Allen:   California: Pro-Choice activist proudly breaks world record by getting her 27th abortion! If this is an achievement then has the world gone truly Insane?    
 	no woman, "accidentally" gets knocked up 27 times. this is Sick!  sew that cunt shut! 
 	Nigger electrified with anger 
  
 	This faggot wants his cheap tires! So what if Mexicans are ruining our country. He should get the fuck out and take his chink wife with him! 
 That could be a nightmare even without being drunk! 
 	looks retarded  
 10th October 1989 the Ira murdered Thomas Gibson, 27. Married father of 14 mth old daughter. Labourer shot sitting in car, Kilrea. Waiting for van to collect him to work in Ballymoney on home for elderly. Working extra hours as trying to build house. Ta Lance Corporal. The Territorial Army as it was then known, wasn't mobilised or used at all in Ni.    
 	That Was Long Ago. What Is Your Point. 
 		Muted Cunt Stay Out Of Brit Fam. 
 Tough times ahead for @a and free speech as a whole.    Tough times in the West always breeds tough men.    It’s a cycle and it’s repeating.   Prepare your families. 
 		What part of Free Speech do you not understand./ 
 		I understand more about it than you do, apparently. 
 		I understand more about it than you do, apparently. 
 This cunt son or one the Rothschild son go s a round like Jesus Christ because the son think he a god and he was along time ago on infowar news and alec Jones called him out and talk all about that family and Alex one the who was normal and who is the devil 
 As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you!    
 		fucking faggot come try to hurt me bitch  
 Look at the foul mouthed Retard who is intellectually deficient! Go back to your shithole where you belong! 
 	Okay, I will erase this share as no sources were provided for this information. I just share videos, I have no divisive intentions. If there has been an attempt on the life of the President, I will not post that information in the future. Let somebody else deal with the flack! 
 		Just think about what this guy is saying. Take a step back.  
 		I did, and that is why I have erased his videos. I am 100 % behind the safety of President Donald Trump. We all love what Potus is doing to improve this world. I will not be perceived to be an object of division in the reports that I share on this channel. I am a patriot and I care about what happens on this planet. 
 		By the way, Stoney Stone, Usa Net4Truth, is a veteran of the Viet Nam War. He is the creator of the video that I shared. 
 	I erased the shares due to a lack of sources for the information being revealed. If there are any alleged attempts made on the life of the president, somebody else will have to report these events. 
 	I erased the shares due to a lack of sources for the information being revealed. If there are any alleged attempts made on the life of the president, somebody else will have to report these events. 
 Found the faggot ass punk pole smoker who likes to make threats on the internet.  Go smoke a smeggy pole you ass snatch licking shit nibbler. 
  
 	Fake news again! 
 			Certainly is, and when he is released they will have him so tightly buttoned up they will know when he takes a dump and what colour it was! 
 				 
 				 
 I doubt it. He's been pounding her skinny, flat wino ass on the regular.   And he defends it by saying "well my parents don't agree with me politically either, but I still love them"   "You just can't keep this man away from brunch!"   Just wtf 
 		Plus, like they say, Some things you can't wash clean.  This is not a sign of future time orientation.  It is, however, another data point on the line of muh dik thinking. 
 		I wouldn't touch that fag hag single mother if she was the last woman on earth. 
  
 	It's moments like this that make me hate that I identify myself as DoomSlayer, will have to give that old cunt a visit in the near future and banish her back to the satanic pits that spawned her. 
 Because he has better things to do then play their stupid games . 
 	Who are all these secretive people giving news stories to Cunt News? Always some anonymous source! Trump doesn't have to apologize for saying nothing, those weasels are just lucky the "bombs" never actually exploded! 
  
 	If Westerners don't wake up Asap and Do something about this, it Will be ''Western World''  somewhere sooner, somewhere later, if not under sharia then under nigger gangs.There is not much time left to try and clean this mess though. 
 It’s a shame the crypt keeper wasn’t in his home & the bomb was detonated the attacks on America would cease without this leftist socialist pukes money paying off these  urine soaked socialist to disrupt our country election and president 
 	Use capitalization and punctuation! They are on the keyboard and don't cost Extra to use! 
 		other politically correct retireds like yourself might think it’s important but I’m not a journalist leftist pukes like youself like to bitch about unless shit , you don’t want to get to the main subject of what were speaking about ,  because you have no experience about it , so take your grammar and stick it up your ass faggot 
  lying Georgia Femme cunt cop gets 15 years 
 Lord only knows why, but a video I posted 2 years ago is all of a sudden blowing up on Youtube for some reason. Maybe you guys will enjoy watching a compilation of protesters getting run over too.     
 	i realize the nba - nfl dominated by niggers because theyre biggest fastest strongest race . i also realize euro race has better lives than niggers because were the most intelligent spirited productive life loving people on earth . but the insane stupid nigger protesters think their unhappiness is my fault whom they live off of  
 Battin a fag Knifin a kike we're launching a war run through maternity wards throw niglets on to the floor We build drone technology to hunt and shoot niggers I'm good long as an old gun will kill a new nigger  
 i honestly dont know why twitter thinks i would never push a faggot away from me and say got a problem faggot? in real life, then ban me from twitter for saying i would do that in real life to a faggot talking shit to me 
 Hey  stop being a nigger and give me my premium content. 
 Some truth for you to consider     
 	Nigger cuddling is fucking disgusting.  
  Tell  Candidates Not to Talk About  Open Borders Agenda     = Lie To  or Don'T Tell Real Agenda to Get Elected > Then Enact Real Plan After Elected    
 	build the wall. no sanctuary for wetback assholes! 
 Unicorn. Because America ain't faggot enough.    
 I just thought it was good manners myself and have no intention of changing my ways. 
 	I make it a point to close doors in the face of women because .  Not really, I'm a Southern Gentlemen and will always open the doors.  If a woman complains it just makes her look like a cunt it's no skin off my ass. 
 Fz does social media right.  
 	Go huff farts, faggot 
  -  , ,  , ,  and all the other Bs names du jour.      
 	how ladylike of Roz to enlighten us.nasty dyke 
 I wonder how many dumbshit lefties know how to operate a Serpa retention mechanism. 
 	Serpa sounds  like sherpa. It's unstandable.  That and leftists are functionally retarded about anything that doesn't involve python scripting. 
  
 		Crazy booster shot kid thinks people are paying attention to him.     I don't know what to tell him.  Let him down easy guys.  This one is sensitive. 
 			you sound like you have mental problems when you refer to " guys". you have no friends online or off. everything you say makes you sound more and more desperate and frustrated.  
 					Dorky bot network troll with 6000 followers has on average one like on the vast majority of posts.   Can't figure out how we all know he likes up his own posts. 
 						oh god. are you really using words like dorky you sissy mumsy boy.   Man The Fuck Up And Call Me A Cunt  !  christ you are pathetic.  
 	Hey 'Hank' where is this evidence that Saudi admits to 911? Or, are you a liar or just fantasist?  
 		What a fucking braindead reply. Enjoy your muzzies over there in the Uk bitch, since you are too pussy to do something about it. Get off Gab and go protect your country you faggot  
 Actually nvm I now stand with Christine Blasey Ford 
 	That's the dumbest gay Homo femme bitch Nigger shit I've seen here. Even as a joke. You're a master of irony? Or sucking retarded dicks. Leave the high ground to Hunter and Dd 
 Oooooooooooooh  Fucking cunt 
 Haha I’ve been running a sub service on and off for years. I just don’t really market it unless calling everyone a cunt on Twitter can constitute marketing   
  
 	The most retarded thing about it all is that a lot of ppl believe this pile of crap is real. 
 		Good one! Hail Victory. Great talk with Jf. 
 		Thank you, that's very kind of  you. He made it easy.  
 		He's a pretty tough host. You have to be on your game to talk with him. 
 		Man, I've been through three divorces. That was a piece of cake. ;->  
 		Ouch! Yes, I think that would be. 
 		Ouch! Yes, I think that would be. 
 Indickt Ford the Fraud who committed many felonies of perjury when under Oath at the senate hearing.    
 	She has such a retarded fucking face.  
 Nope.  Never been told that.  Sorry, nigger but that white slut of yours lied to you. 
 I Hate all non-whites and welcome the day when they are permanently removed from all White Lands. They're lazy, ineducable and destroy everything by their presence alone while draining all resources. Black nigger beasts, brown shit-skin spics, chinks, jews and sand niggers destroy White Societies and offer nothing. The cost is too great. 
 Twitter loses 9 million users amid bot crackdown  "bots"   
 	That's because dorsey is a retard  
 Found it, lads. The absolute biggest-brained take. 
 	"Well golly, folks it looks like every cultural edifice is leftist we better do what they want as long as they don't rape our children with too big of a dick." 
 			He's only reverting to the mean. 
 			He's only reverting to the mean. 
  
 	Shoot Them Down. They Have Surely Gone Far With All That Money That Traitor Nigger Obama Gave Them. 
 Face book link .hmmm .never stop doing or being what you are   if you wanna loook on face book knowing they  cant be trusted or googel   is why im  im on Gab i will look,and be my normal self on line or in real life ,no camera is going to make me do anything i wouldnt normaly do   thats the only why you can win overload them    i take drugs im in internet Insulter so what.i run an insult room .on a program calls paltalk .you welcome to come in and say what ever you like   I Will All Ways Be Froom In Soul Body And MInD .Peace .Come To Paltalk.The Room Name Is.room owners cori shes a cunt cunty shes a cunt too   me im just a wanker Bollocks is my name and stuey the bals northern wanker but i love him .hes as gay as me just wont say so ,,,,seee you in the room 
     When Democrats' tactics backfire 
 	Missed u when I lwas banned Frm Twat ( to which I opened a new ) glad to find you here ! 
 	Missed u when I lwas banned Frm Twat ( to which I opened a new ) glad to find you here ! 
 There's a redneck in the woodpile ! 
 Look at the logo on the truck, what do you see? It’s the same people who are running the ships that bring Africans into Europe. Why would these allies of ours be flooding our country with the refuse of the third world? We are being destroyed, not by a superior army or an act of God, but by our fear of being called anti-semites. 
 	Bs.  You're lying.  You don't do your cause any good by lying. 
 		Never knew there were so many retarded people in the Usa claiming jews are behind every*fucking*thing!  But, I guess someone has to believe in chemtrails and QAnon, so retards a’plenty! 
 Disgusting Nyt hired this racist, ignorant bitch.   She is going to be Served a Large Dose of  from God!                      #WWG1WGA#Trump2020    #GabFam       #1A #2A  
 	fuck you, jap cunt 
 	Actually Very Accurate. And Most Informative! If You Have A Brain That Is!   
 		I'm hoping they get tired of false promises before it's too late but  it's a small hope being killed by  collective idiocy 
 		We The People.  
 		We the people,   Who don't watch fake news anymore,  we the people,  who are not distracted from real current events by political theater,  we the people,  who financially support the oligarchs with our hard work, we the people,  the descendants of those who fought England to create this country in aspirations of being free from tyranny. 
 		Impressed With Yourself No Doubt! 
 		Impressed With Yourself No Doubt! 
 	And your running on faggot fumes 
 			No, but he does look like her criminal spawn. 
 				Did she roll up to you one hour with black eyes under dark classes & say 'babe, I'm leaving you' as dragged on a blunt & all you could think was (when did she start smoking.)? - is that how you found out? 
 					No, but that all came soon after she left me with him. I was still in the Navy and couldn't leave Va Beach while they went back north to Lancaster, Pa. 
 						Why this obsession with something that happened over 20 years ago? It's over, she made her bed and I don't care anymore. My daughter is living with me an she's a Maga all the way as well as a gun owner. That's  what I'm proud of. 
 						I could  ask you the same 
 			in other words plain ugly? 
 read siege. 
 	Bring it snowflake.  
 		ok nigger 
 Jethro Tull - Locomotive Breath     
 		Clarence? lol 
 		Clarence? lol 
 There is another Nazi Jew Hater. 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 	I'll be anyway I want to be when I see some nigger muzzie saying he's superior. You can suck all the nigger dick you like .  
 Stop supporting the people who hate you and who support those who want to kill you and destroy your nation.       
 	I wouldn't eat that faggot garbage if you paid me, or chobani muzzie yogurt. 
 Whoopi goes Low; lashes out at Don Jr., implies his son has abusive tendencies after ‘MeToo’ criticism    
 	Nothing but a Lying Ghetto Nigger ! 
 	Lol!   
 		Privilege isn't meted out by skin color. that's racist.    Privilege is when feelings rule reason. (Right Hollywierd?) The underprivileged don't have the luxury to live in feeling based bubble worlds of their own making. 
 				What you are doing is showing what a retard you are. These people hate white people. They want us unemployed and unemployable. They want us outnumbered in our own country. It cannot get more hateful than that. 
 				What you are doing is showing what a retard you are. These people hate white people. They want us unemployed and unemployable. They want us outnumbered in our own country. It cannot get more hateful than that. 
 Simon Lindberg joins  on The Public Space for an extensive interview on the politics and goals of the     
 	Why have you not addressed your connections to the Russian Imperialist Movement?  
 		It was just a good opportunity to hang out with a porn-promoting degenerate who kidnapped a mentally retarded woman to impregnate her. No big deal. 
 		It was just a good opportunity to hang out with a porn-promoting degenerate who kidnapped a mentally retarded woman to impregnate her. No big deal. 
 	Agreed 
 	Agreed 
 Minnesota court orders Muslim  Keith Ellison's divorce records to be unsealed. His attorney is preparing to appeal that order.    
 	nigger muzzie piece of shit 
  
 	Faggots complaining of faggot things. What a waste of space in the datasphere. Leave our women's asses alone. Of course they have to show something. If we wanted to watch competent sports, we'd watch men. 
 	Faggots complaining of faggot things. What a waste of space in the datasphere. Leave our women's asses alone. Of course they have to show something. If we wanted to watch competent sports, we'd watch men. 
  
 	the niggers want to use the stupid clueless Mexicans. If I was a wetback I would hate niggers for wanting to politically exploit my people.stinking niggers are even more inferior than the dumb wetbacks! 
 		 
 	I have watched a few videos  of rubin at speaking engagements she is a nutjob and would not have a job as a journalist if she was not a jew. 
 		The jewish ownership of the major newspapers shamelessly plugged a zionist jew into their "token conservative" slot that it worked against them. 
 	Let their fear be your fuel. 
 	Rubin hates Whites and demands protection to spew her anti-White hatred, which results in the direct destruction and deaths of White people. But not only does she believe you don't get those same protections, she's part of the system that will ensure you don't.  
 	 
 	 
 	 
 Here's the faggot . . .   
 Ok, so Hank Ford was a Jew-hater. So Fucking What?  That doesn’t make anything he said the truth.   Frankly, if Nehlen actually posted this kind of shit, he deserves to get kicked off of every social media platform on the Internet. Free Speech does not include hatred. 
 		Said the faggot boomer to someone who doesn't care what you think. 
 We have a cunt in Victoria, a Communist cadre Andrews, needs to be trained with a baseball batt at the Nov elections 
 	"commodification of food = evil" ?  Ask Venezuelans about evil commodified food 
 	"commodification of food = evil" ?  Ask Venezuelans about evil commodified food 
 Gays now and then:   1995: We want to be free from discrimination   2005: We want to get married   2015: Bake the cake or else   2017: Nobody is forcing you to be gay.   2018: 
 	We're "something else"? Yeah honey, it's called mentally stable, you should try it sometime. Now go be a nigger somewhere else. 
 was this show once funny?  'Everyone's pumped, from white men over 60 to white men over 70': Snl shows raucous Senate Republicans swigging beer in locker room after Kavanaugh's victory as Lindsay Graham pies 'the snake' Jeff Flake in face    
 		Quit Tv ~4-5 years ago now. One of the best decisions of my life.  
 		Quit Tv ~4-5 years ago now. One of the best decisions of my life.  
 "Protected-group" representative offers free 'Diy Tips' to policemen in Londonshire.    
 	nah-the muzzie just thought old Bill had a screw loose trying to arrest him and was trying to help. 
 Prepare for jjudegement day! Now or never! 
 	Only thing worse than a nigger is a nigger lover 
 This foulmouthed has been will do anything to remain relevant //Kathy Griffin 'Will Not Be Intimidated' By Mail Bombs that Weren't Sent to Her  
 	She is that Cunt she played on Jerry Seinfeld. That was no act.  
 This is the initial list of globalist targets Trump is actively pursuing! Many have been apprehended already and there is also an addendum with more recent names added. The info branches out from this original Eo and declared list. My point.This entire debacle is rooted in far deeper evil intent than a few thousand retarded villagers being driven like cattle by the powers that be! Do you follow Q?   Ooops! Forgot the Eo!    
 	    Yes democrat are the racist ones fact.  Yes Illegal immigration what the word is, illegal.  Yes race doesn't matter.  Where you drunk or high when you wrote that. 
 		u sound like a faggot cuck. Let me know when you grow a set and stand up for your race, white man  
 The Allies would tell freshly captured Axis soldiers,    'Enjoy the war while you can - the peace will be terrible'.    Four times more Germans died in the surrender of Germany than during the entire war.     
 	.This piece of shit >----@TruthWillOut <----is a fucking  and a dis-information  working for the assholes in !   There is zero evidence to substantiate that this many germans died. Did some die because they weren't onboard with the 3rd Reich which was 80-90% homosexual? absolutely not! They were doing most of the killing!    
 		Heh heh, a little triggered are we? The truth fears no investigation.  Feel free to debunk what I have produced using credible sources & not memes.  Meanwhile, why not start here with the (((Freemasons))) & their genocidal bloodlust against Christians?   
 			.@TruthWillOut then you got ur lame ass bird brained faggot friends who jump in the fray and don't know their ass from their elbow when they're talking about this topic. Give me a break dude, you're a fucking fraud and a fake ass  asshole pushing this shit in ignorance or getting paid 4 it! 
 Hey  ! Why do you keep making alternative  accounts, full of inanity, and following me?   I've already followed you once. Do you make more money or  if I follow your multiple accounts?   Some (all) of them are really stoopid and retarded.   Case in point: Judge Dread Bot      :) Lol 
 	Not me.   Thank Andrew Torba's wedding guest  for those spambots. 
 		Good God Dread! All my good snark and sarcasm (which is quite humorous by the way) is just wasted on you! Aaarrrggghhh! What's it gonna take?   :) 
 				I did not know that Dread. I was just giving you a poke in the ribs 'cause I thought it was funny.   I figured all the 'Dread' alternate (spoof) accounts were just Dread haters.   My apology if I was insensitive. I'll try harder next time! :) 
 					The problem is disinformation.   Torba wants to ban me so bad he can taste it, but he needs some generally accepted lie.   Perhaps his crackpot friend  is trying to provide one.   I really will destroy Gab if he does that. I have three new attack vectors - all legal - that have emerged in the last week.   Do not fuck with me. 
 						I would be very disappointed!   I rather enjoy your acerbic wit :)   Carry on. 
 							I've told Dread to make a platform if he doesn't like it here. He by not responding proves he can not. Now he claims he's got 3 ways to undo Gab!  
 								Well, perhaps. But does not the 'Dread' enjoy the same free speech rights here as anyone else? The 'undoing' gab is a different matter. Just because one does not like the play in the sandbox does not mean one has to kick sand in everyone's face. 
 								I engaged with Dread briefly enough to offer wisdom. He rejected it.  If he wants to speak his foolishness it is fine by me. His derogatory associations between @a and  are like the manner democrats went after Trump and Kavanaugh. It is quite clear he is the epitome of a loser liberal with Torba derangement syndrome.  
 						loading. shitpost loading. blasphemy loading. loading. I am  I am the law I am Npc I am  I am the law I am Npc I am  I am the law I am Npc my circuits are over loading  
 						 
 						 
 Look at how white the  bomber looks on (((Fake News)))   G Zimmerman Treatment                    
 	He looks like a certified dyke with those eyebrows. 
 the faggot has a medical induced open wound. Mentally ill men should be locked up away from society not encouraged. Or offer him a way out of his miserable existence he calls life through medical suicide. Not even a moslem would fuck that and they fuck goats and dead bodies. 
 You are the biggest faggot on gab  
  
 	useless, anti-White fuckin cunt 
 We all know your the retarded cunt. You still on fucking gab. Do you have a life? Oh wait you don't! Bwahbwahbwahbwah How's Sean still gonna top himself. Fancy calling chilli a drug addict. Hahahaha wtf was that about? Yeah Phil showed me all the ss.  
 Here's the faggot . . .   
 Rex Scott is the biggest faggot to ever waste oxygen.  If the civil war ever kicks off I’m gonna seek that bitch out like I’m the Terminator.  My god do I hate him  
 Funny thing normal folk. There are NatSocs on here and real cultural Marxists like  and   But you never see them arguing with each other do you. Always with normal folk like you and me.   I have a theory.   NatSocs and Marxists both follow feeble socialist ideologies with fragile minds & egos. They worry that if they argue together they might start listening to the other and possibly even convert. But there's no chance they will convert to being normal like us.   What do you reckon? :) 
 	You’re a moron. 
 		Yet again you prove my point.   This is you whinging at me instead of one of the Real Marxists on here.   Are you too fragile and scared to debate a real Marxist? I'm not. Banned on Twitter 11 times for it. 
 			Yet you do the White-Nationalist border patrol for the cultural marxists. Ergo, you are a marxist, or just too dim witted to know that your actions lead to the success of their aims > the elimination of the racial block that stands in the way of their success. 
 				So rather than crowing about how smart you are (as you are evidently not), start thinking about what is actually required to form the world you wish, and work out that it isn't "Nazis" you need to convince, so don't waste your time. Go and fight the "marxists" you think you are good at combatting. 
 					I've already said earlier I'm not trying to "convince" Nazis idiot. They are totally impotent, powerless and irrelevant. The Marxist socialists are greater in number and far more dangerous to society. I take them on on Twitter. There aren't many here if you hadn't noticed. I simply enjoy exposing and ridiculing NatSocs here. It's my pleasure time. Twitter is more serious time ;) 
 						You waste your time. The pressures on the world are more serious than to waste on games. 
 							As for irrelevance, as I said, it is polarisation and hardship that wakes people up. Our education system is ruined, people are planning & carrying out a plan for White genocide. You will not get people willing to die for capitalism without controlling the tools to create passion (the media). 
 								Read my book. It's red pilled a damn sight more people than you have to the dangers of socialism :)    
 									Btw What do you achieve by Red Pilling someone on the dangers of socialism, what you bring them over to being a civic nationalist? You are trying to build a dyke when what you need is a boat ;) A true red pill brings someone on to the boat of racial consciousness. 
 									Btw What do you achieve by Red Pilling someone on the dangers of socialism, what you bring them over to being a civic nationalist? You are trying to build a dyke when what you need is a boat ;) A true red pill brings someone on to the boat of racial consciousness. 
 sick, sick people!    
 		In the beginning, men oppressed women in order to have free will. Now women control men through sexual manipulation. The future lies in making women sexually obsolete. Then the circle will close the cycle again for men to have agency again. 
 			This could be the intro for the next Blade Runner movie. 
 				I would watch that. 
 				I would watch that. 
 Rosie  "the carpet munching queer" O'Donell and her faggot abomination kids are going to tell us how to make america great? You fucking obese ugly cow! Go Fuck Yourself! 
 "All my friends" Please do explain how the one-branch tree of a deformed & retarded tribe in Kansas is part of anything and has friends.   You nuked the chance of having friends when you added to the devastation and pain of the families of fallen service members. I won't forget. 
 Now that the facts prove Kavanaugh innocent, "Milkdud" Booker says it doesn't matter if he is innocent or guilty.   He still should not be confirmed because.because.because I don't want him to be, that's why.   The scam failed and so now it is on to "what difference does it make" and childish desperation. 
 	Give us the jazz hands faggot 
 So is this nigger running the show now for the Dems? Or are the kikes using her for dirty work like this cuz they know she's too fucking dumb to understand what's going on? 
 There's a 100% chance that the founding fathers are considerably more intelligent than a guy who rose to fame playing a character called 'Meathead' on a 70s sitcom. Just sayin' 
 	Whutta faggot  
  Joe, has anybody told you you look like the pre-white Michael Jackson? 
 		Dude. I use the word nigger like 10-20 times a day.   The nigger sow and bucks only survive because of our tolerance. They kill, rob and rape our people while we pay for their food and housing.   The subhuman beast deserves no other name than Nigger.  
 The retard is strong in them. 
 Gab is where I can type freely without being worried about some spiteful cunt complaining about What I;m saying and trying ot get me banned then suddenly the screen going and my Account being locked. Fuckking Hate The Control Grid 
 For men. If your on a ship and its going down and its women and children first, do you let a Transgender Biological Man get on a Lifeboat before you? 
 	I'll use the faggot as a personal flotation device and fish bait when I get hungry. 
 	This guy is a half wit affirmative action hire.  What the Fuck can this retard teach anyone?    My guess is this asshole will be in jail within 2 years for his no impulse control low intelligence ass 
 		He really is drool stupid. 
 			I can’t believe a school pays this dope.wow 
 			I can’t believe a school pays this dope.wow 
 Women shouldn't just be going around having sex with just anyone, nigger or non-nigger. This poll is stupid.  
 I'm guessing you're a useless cunt Kate. Actually not a guess really is it? You prove it every day. 
 Oh come on   .is this the best the Nyt can do? What are they paying, minimum wage?   It's not the insult to white ppl that bothers me, it's her stupidity. 
 		She's something. 
 		Crude yet effective selection of letters to form words Mr.Payne. 
 		You want girl G.I?  
 		Never been there. I do know that Korea deployed some darn tough troops in Se Asia. The Nva/Vc were terrified of them. 
 		I was more likely to hear 'boom-boom'. 
 		I was more likely to hear 'boom-boom'. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 investigation means you are a muzzie aint they sweet  
 found a retard 
 	Insane they say? Well then as a act of kindness a full frontal lobotomy should help.  
 		 
 		 
 Hi,I’m learning more about Gab, still looking for Tribe members.follower of Yeshua (Jesus), I’m trying to pick up the cross daily but the flesh screams at that. I humbly confess my love for this country and am praying for mercy for America. Patriots and saints, upholders of Constitution, Bill of Rights, law of the land. I stand here! 
 	Welcome To Gab   For help with the basics -   This is a free speech platform, so be aware you may not be comfortable with everything you see, but the choice on if you want to engage within the public square is up to you because Gab is where You control what is censored. So mute anyone you don't want to see, those you think are trolls/spammers, or anyone that you get "triggered" by. Believe me that you will encounter a few in your Gab travels There are 2 ways to do it:  Either click on the 3 dots at the top right of the post, and then click "Mute user" from the drop down list, or go here, where you can also manage your muteds.  Here is the main Gabteam to follow if you would like to follow updates   - Andrew Torba (Ceo and founder of Gab)  - Ekrem Büyükkaya (Head Software Engineer at Gab) These people are Very busy so don't expect an answer from them directly, although Andrew sometimes will engage users here time permitting. I think a must to follow is Gab Support.   You might also Introduce Yourself   Accounts some new users look for  InfoWars -  His Live 24/7 Stream can also be accessed via the Videos Tab Paul Joseph Watson -  James O'Keefe -  Pat Condell -  Cyprian Nyakundi -  Nicholas N. Oseko -  Stefan Molyneux -  Tommy Robinson -  Imam Tawhidi -  Patrick little -  (Controversial Us Senate Candidate in California.) David DuByne -  Black Pigeon Speaks -  Styxhexenhammer666 -  Jeremy -  Mark Dice -  Wife With A Purpose -  BillMitchell -  Thomas Wictor -  Dr. Steve Turley -  Dave Cullen -  Bill Warner -  The Daily Stir -  Ben Garrison Cartoons -  Stephen Zimmer -  BitChute -  Flávio Bolsonaro -   The song dedicated to Gab by the Mamas @ the Pepes.    Gab for Android:  (Creator)  (amq gets busy, so you may want to add him, but please try not disturb him.) (Location for the Apk)  (Group)  For Assistance try (Group) Gab Tutorials and Update Notices   If you have any questions then just ask any or all of the volunteer welcome committee:                  A shout out to some of the Gab accounts                           @m   Some twitter account feeds are also echoed onto Gab. An example is  echoed to     You can also post from Gab and have it echo to Twitter  Some Hashtags in use can be found at  
 		You should know who you're sucking up to before you do. Faggot 
 "I am a muzzie shitdisturber. Please follow me me and help me destroy your country you bunch of fucking morons"   3000+ morons and counting  Check out @_SJPeace_’s Tweet:  
 faggot nigger 
 Breaking. 
 	Arkansas Hillbilly 
 	Arkansas Hillbilly 
  
 	we are getting ready to sell our house if this piece of shit fraudulently wins. there is no way we could recover from the loss of property value this commie nigger that is under investigation would cause.   
 Tom Fitton on what to expect from Mueller probe  
 	Hete’s 1 thing you’ll find:   Mueller found it necessary to indict a Russian company for crimes committed at a time when the company did not exist!   Kinda says it all, doesn’t it? 
 		Mueller's some top twat in Brussels isn't he? 
 There's going full retard, and then there's going 110% retard 
 When you’re setting up someone to do a false flag, you’ve gotta go overboard to make sure people notice the right details. 
 	The Retarded Unabomber.this years nomination for the Golden Raspberries.failure in cinematic achievements.  
 Tommy Robinson was photographed with a group of young soldiers during a chance meeting at a motorway service station. These lads have now had their phones seized and are being "investigated" by the British Army who buckled under  pressure from muslims.    I am pretty close to breaking point - this is an outrage and it is clearly being made into an issue by our enemies.    Please, if you feel angry about this or simply want to show support for our troops over the spineless middle class who can wet themselves when muslims complain.    Please sign here - www.StandWithOurLads.com 
 		everything Tommy touches turns to shit.  All these soldiers will now be in the dole line, thanks to tommy's stunt. 
 						Explain how i support terrorists?  I actually want to know how you came to that conclusion. 
 						Explain how i support terrorists?  I actually want to know how you came to that conclusion. 
  
 	Elites will Not  it is up to us   In the Us, Canada, Australia, and in all countries of Europe organise local anti-Islam communities as modules of a country-wide network, then join the country-wide networks into a Europe-wide network, then unite the Europe-wide network with other Western countries' network    Better live standing than die kneeling 
 		Problem here is you have Failed to identify the real reason that we have a 'Muslim Invasion'. 1. Who organized it? 2. Who bombed their countries to Create the 'refugees'? 3. Who Benefits from destroying western Society. ( their Stated, Written, Spoken goals).   
 				(((Rinehart))). say no more 
 						This is going to hurt you even more. I am a Christian that can see through the usurpers. To you that is a fate worse than death. Tick. Tock. 
 						This is going to hurt you even more. I am a Christian that can see through the usurpers. To you that is a fate worse than death. Tick. Tock. 
 fucking Pos illegal wetback just doing the jobs we whites refuse to do    
 	oo 
 	oo 
 yo what's with all the jew hatred here at gab? 
 	Yeah, I've noticed a lot of toxic, hate-filled semitism here, too.  I'm not sure if this sort of rabid, unreasoning anti-White hatred is purely instinctive with MOTs, or if it's largely conditioned by their culture and religion.  What do you think? 
 		I have also noticed some of the blatant racism towards white people and Christians also.  This is either done by brainwashed Retarded Racist Sexist Democrat/Leftists and obviously the Racist fake askeNAZI Jews are always extremely despicable!  When you have Racist Terrorist Hate groups like Adl and Splc what do you expect?  But these are Facts and most people do not understand FACTs!  Since I am  Liberal White Male I know these things and obviously I cannot be Racist or Sexist because of my white male superiority that all the Racist Jews and Democrats are jealous of!  I completely understand the frustrations with their blatant inferiority!  Obviously, they can Fuck Off! 
 	I got banned for calling Jk Rowling a foreign liberal retard and nobody cares what she thinks about the Us! Lol 
  
 	The truth is glaringly obvious. Kuntzman isn't so much a cunt as he is a pussy. 
 London resembles a war zone as Anti-Islam Football lads clash with Police.   Make Cowardly Cops Fear Taxpayers More Than Sandnigs               
 		If only Uk cucked cops protected little white girls like this from moslems 
 Jack Dorsey complains about "unfairness" in San Francisco homeless tax on corporations      
 	Twat ran into some people he couldn't ban to make them go away. His own kind. 
 	Twat ran into some people he couldn't ban to make them go away. His own kind. 
 faggot 
 	More chicks with dicks than dicks with chicks! Ha!  
 		 
 		 
     I prefer petite women with small breasts that are in perfect proportion to the rest of the body.   I also prefer a less wide hip and a compact behind.   My girlfriend is perfect. I love her not just because of her stunning looks, but also for her high Iq and unique mind, which never ceases to amaze and inspire me.   She's the love of my life!  :) 
 	If we are sharing I prefer Asians with long black hair, No real preference on tits but if they have small tits they have to have a nice ass. Also wide hips and Thicc thighs. Since their Asian, their Iq is already quite high. Also traditional female skills.    Though Slavic women are nice as well. Maybe one of them. 
 		This thick thigh and fat ass fascination is a way white men have fetishised black and hispanic women. Aryan women are traditionally long- legged with not so much in the way of a behind. 
 			I know what you mean. I apparently had wide enough hips to birth 4 children over 8 lbs. and 21+ inches long. I'm talking about nigger asses, like Beyonce. Fat negro asses. That is not how white women are built. 
 More desperation for socialists / deep state / globalists.       related to:         
 	communist cunt 
 Bring back the frog you   Faggot 
  
 	Veto Beto. Chief Sitting Bullshit. And a white Nigger 
 	This seems to be the Resistance worldwide - we see it in every Western country that is being overtaken (or attempting) by the Globalists.     How are these people even thinking they could move to Mars and repopulate a planet?  How many of them would know how to do more than their nails and makeup?  Okay, nevermind Mars - no way mankind as we know it could keep evolving.  Is this what happened to previous civilizations 5,000 or 50,000 years ago?  Nutjobs took over then the ETs or God come in, obliterate us and start over?   . argh that rant went right off base Lol   Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: The list is getting lengthy and if you don't have a Pro account you can't hit the star and favourite an account/Gabber so I've created a topic which you can do that to.  There is space for more adds to this list, just let me know if you would like on.  Thank you all so much.                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                               @Geirmund                                 
 			remember that story back a year or 2 about the pharmacist in Dc and how many prescriptions were going to govt officials?  
 				Alzheimer's meds and such.  
 				all sorts of stuff not just Alz . Alz meds work short term only, there were many umm let's call them mood stabilizers not just anti-deps. 
 				I have sometimers. all the time. 
 				That could be a self-inflicted wound. 
 			the top 2 pics look like the Left does/did - the 2nd one could be that one screaming after the election.   
 			the top 2 pics look like the Left does/did - the 2nd one could be that one screaming after the election.   
 		Die a nigger 
 Lol, Ok. Alrighty then, whatever you say. I mean, it's your story and you can tell it any way you want. (Rolls eyes.) Nothing really surprises me anymore.  So.whatever 
 	IIt's a bit ironic that the patriarchy allowed Jewish supremacy and before Jewish supremacy,  we had no feminism. Mgtow is also ironic because it's a group of feminist men who claim to hate feminism.  I really believe that a guy who blames women for the failure of the patriarchy is just a Yiddish troll.  But, I kind of expected trolls,  so, carry on. 
 		>men today are responsible for what men 100+ years ago allowed women to do  >women are not responsible for what they themselves do today  > is just like  guiz! teeheee   The absolute state of  
 			The blame game isn't working well for you.  Besides you blaming women for a failed patriarchy (Because Jewish supremacy is a failure) blaming white women for Jewish feminists pretty well has you going "Your own way." I laugh because Mgtow is a feminist movement and truth hurts,  right? 
 				>White women voting for communism and supporting rapefugee invasion is a fault of Jewish patriarchy, which is also a failure of white men, because Mgtow is feminism   Sick burn, grlllll! Mgtow BTFOd 
 					How many feminists claiming to be white get unveiled as Jews before you quit blaming your personal failures on women.  You are a sick man. Mgtow is a feminist movement,  just like wjth feminists,  it's made up of Jews and a handful of whites,  the fat,  ugly repulsive ones. Mgtow is lead by Jews,  made up of a handful of repulsive white men.(((loser))) 
 						Ok, so the  time line goes something like this   >everything was cool  >jews convert white men to Mgtow  >but only fat and ugly white men though  >?  >white family collapses   Don't question it goy, otherwise you're a Jew. 
 								>spewing unprovoked hate for dozens of posts non-stop  >Mgtow is just like feminism tho, guiz!   Look, I can't bitchslap you over the internet, so quit trolling for it. You're so transparent, it is pure cringe. 
 									if you're such a loser and it's such a good thing you're not in the gene pool why does everyone sound so salty when they tell you off for not manning up and putting a ring on it and raising tyrone's kid  if they were sincere they would be happy that you're selecting yourself out and would not try to mock-and-shame you back into the mating-and-divorce markeplace 
 										Obviously because they want something. Or they're trapped already in a bad situation. Else like the censorship issues going on. They're trying to censor information, indivdual independence, etc.  
 										It's only obvious to you, because you're a male 
 										It's only obvious to you, because you're a male 
 Today is a Fine day Indeed 
 	".somehow, Republican men assumed the mantle of victimhood."  I mean ya'll did try to destroy him and his family.but that's none of my business is it? Ya'll are threatening these people and then you wonder "gee how did they end up being victims!"   Well Karma is a cunt ain't she? 
 There are only two groups with a clear picture of what is going on in America, the Semites and the anti-Semites. Everyone else is only seeing a small piece of the puzzle. 
 	Other groups are seeing things from their own perspective like the Chinaman thinking: "While these crazy white people tear each other apart the spoils fall to us." Latinos are thinking similar except for working class. They love a good internecine war.  
 	Other groups are seeing things from their own perspective like the Chinaman thinking: "While these crazy white people tear each other apart the spoils fall to us." Latinos are thinking similar except for working class. They love a good internecine war.  
 (((Green Movement))): White couples having 0.8 kids on avg is more destructive to the environment than nigger bitches shitting out infinity niglets from their rancid c(__)nts because "muh carbon"   Also (((Green Movement))): Nigs deserve the same standard of living as Whites, because muh equality, so we have to let them invade by the million    
 Stop The Presses   A White Woman Wore A White Hat!   Journalism is such a joke in 2018. 
 	Fuck Africa. I'd invade the cunt of a place again if you all weren't such faggots. 
 	wish granted.  is that very place 
 		Retard Central for sure. 
 Oh noes! Linda SourPants is upset about Kavanaugh.   
 	The more this traitorous raghead c*nt "hurts", the happier I am. 
 This old guy has a child in grade school? More likely a grandchild. Or great grandchild, as this species are often grandparents by 30!   Yeah, this ratchet-ass old nigger is certainly the type who would raise kids to  end up in prison so grandpa gets stuck raising the next generation in his image, too!    
  
 	When's the last time you hear any of our politicians refer to America as a Constitutional Republic? Even our retarded cucked Republicans call it a democracy. They not only don't follow their oath to the U.S. Constitution, but they intentionally wipe their asses with it everyday. 
 	retard without a job. I'm married 
 	I should like to remind people that this Vince James reveals scientific studies that reveal those on the Right have superior brains over those on the Left. Why was this never a surprise? Why have I known this since I was but a wee bairn? 
 		wee bairn? You know why God invented whiskey? // So the  could never rule the world. 
 			'Bairn' is Scots, you silly little girl. 
 			A true Irishman is never drunk, as long as he can hold on to one blade of grass, and not fall off the edge of the Earth! 
 				Indeed, but a Scotsman would drink the Irishman under the table. 
 					Wait, there's a table? 
 						I have no idea. I was too busy drinking my Canadian whiskey. Why, did you notice something? 
 						I have no idea. I was too busy drinking my Canadian whiskey. Why, did you notice something? 
  
 	Women in positions of power is always a horrible idea. 
 		Bet you can't name 5 women with political power that did a good job. Also its sex, not gender. Gender doesn't exist.  But hey you're the retarded type that believes there's no biological differences between men and women I'm sure. 
  
 	Child pornography is images of actual children engaged in or simulating sexual conduct  ***or exhibiting their genitalia.*** which is what that faggot had. A loli kid showing her naked genitals 
 Made this last night for my broadcasting Senpai's show.   I've been saying the faggot rainbow flag should replace the Jude Star. I sure do appreciate these gaywads taking the initiative and effort to mark themselves for easy identification.   Tolerance and acceptance are weapons wielded with aimed at luring you into ignoring what you know to be wrong. 
 	Comming from a trans.the Real sub human trash that Needs Exterminated. 
 		Im not you bru.im what you hate.a white male patriot married to a white female and has children.who isnt touched in the butthole by other men.and would do some serious damage to anyone who tried.sorry your favorite position is muslim prayer.face down ass up.and fyi only .faggot.here is the one standing by the Other faggot 
  .hahahahaha you and your little boy, faggot Arsenal badges!  You fucking paki Tit. Remember your pic of your little butterflies too?  You  Sad Fucking Brown Cunt.Deport Yourself!  
 Since most Americans are out-of-shape, weak, and can't fight. Fighting weight is now determined by caliber size. Gun sissies and their stupid advocacy groups. Posturing with a huge gun shows all your weakness in all other aspects of manliness. 
 		Are you a self appointed Section Police?  
 		Nope - I just like to share ridiculous posts like yours when i see them 
 		Keep sharing. I want more people to see.  
 		Keep sharing. I want more people to see.  
 Fox Host Draws Leftist Outrage with Unique Suggestion for Migrant Caravan  
 	Wait, outrage from the same people that thought it was hilarious to show a bloody Trump head from a basic bitch aka Kathy Cunt Griffin? Fuck the hypocrisy. I say just dust all the invaders.  
 We need another stone monument of this evil libtarded cunt being hung by the neck until death. Under it an inscription that reads, "If you want to destroy our history this is your fate", . 
 Wetback valedictorian is a fat lie 
 "Paganism is" "Paganism" doesn't exist. >muh violence Meekly taking it up the ass and never fighting back is virtuous. You are a degenerate nigger toe sucker. 
  Look at this bunch of t*ssers      
 		Yes parents used to go to working men's clubs and their kids would meet other kids and get married have kids but today these meeting places are gone. White people need an introduction app. For young white people to meet.  
 		British parents need to make sure their sons and daughters meet. Make sure they understand how their actions effects their future. That their freedoms will be gone .my own granddaughter says she wants no kids and she's 17.  
 		British parents need to make sure their sons and daughters meet. Make sure they understand how their actions effects their future. That their freedoms will be gone .my own granddaughter says she wants no kids and she's 17.  
 another twat that is indoctrinated and too thick to research. Palestine is Israel,renamed Palestine by the Romans in 135 A.D. So, he has shown how thick he is and says he is proud being thick. 
 	no.I said you were a thirsty nigger.keep it straight.   high verbal Iq and language comprehension to boot! 
      Our nigger jew president is behind this. or well he's letting it happen for his master's sake that's for sure.              
 Soros is a Nazi. He has even publicly stated he was proud of the work he did with the Nazi's 
 	He's not, end of story. 
 		Ncp >>> Error/ error/ error/  programming error does not compute/ 
 			I assume you aren't making fun of yourself but the irony is you have to be an Npc to keep believing the story that Soros was a Nazi collaborator at 13 years old. 
 				Well. let's see, Soros as an elderly adult said he was and said he was proud of the work he did with the Nazi's. 
 					Soros has publicly told his Nazi story and said he has no regrets. He was 14. He is a globalist scum that is behind the "caravan" invasion. Here is his interview where he admits it.  
 						So he’s a Nazi And he wants to flood white countries with brown people. That makes sense  
 							Apparently you have no understanding of the globalist agenda 
 									You obviously don't understand the globalists or get the bigger picture. 
 										And you obviously have no idea what national Socialism is. It’s literally the opposite of globalism  
 											Nope, it is just another tool the globalists use. 
 												 
 												 
  
 	Said before. When this Arsehole goes to Prison I hope he's locked up with a 6ft 6inch Homo who hasn't had fresh Ass for a year . Now that would be Karma and it would wipe that stupid Faggot smile off his Face . Then again Maybe Not ?  
 The migrant caravan has grown exponentially. It stretches as far as the eye can see. Perhaps 20 thousand or more. What is our military for if not to defend our country and its sovereign borders. This is a critical moment for President Trump and our country. This is the type of moment in history that have started wars. Do not fail us Mr. President. We are watching. 
 		We will see. All is not lost. yet. 
 		The government will Never change unless civilians take border security into their own hands as the 2A gave them that right and authority! Then the gov will realize, you have realized what the 2A is for and they will bow down in fear and serve the people! 
 		And you can bet your left nut that if American civilians take to arms and head towards the border they'd get shot. Looks to be that armed bunch should head towards Dc.  
 		And you can bet your left nut that if American civilians take to arms and head towards the border they'd get shot. Looks to be that armed bunch should head towards Dc.  
 Bigger Nigger ? 
 .   He is innocent until proven guilty !   What a bitch !   . 
 		Wouldn't it be awesome to see that on billboards all over the Country? 
 		Wouldn't it be awesome to see that on billboards all over the Country? 
 nigger !  
 How about you just fuck off back  to whatever 3rd world shit hole of a country you come from ?   Problem solved   I'm a problem solver   Ok   You're welcome 
 	Pretty cunt 
 Don't let this retard distract from the migrant caravan if you can. The media will be more than happy to talk about a synagogue mass shooter over a mass caravan of invaders. 
 If you really cared you'd use the money to buy that faggot junkie some clean needles so he doesnt catch the aids 
 As Gab might be gone forever after this weekend I wanted to take this opportunity to say fuck you rotten pagan motherfuckers. Fuck all of you!    
 		suck my dick you fucking pasta sand nigger bitch  
 Portland Police Want To Charge Driver With Crimes After Escaping Mob Protest - Violent Protesters Considered "Victims"  
 	Charlottesville and innocent person charged with a crime all over again 
 		Remember this well-a young man with his whole life ahead of him now sits in prison for trying to escape these animals-and killing the animal on hood of car in front of him that was trying to bash in the window of the car in front of him 
 				Regrets.regrets . 
 				At least in court he can say "Yes, your honor, I have regrets concerning my actions.I forgot to reverse". 
 				Best time is when you need an oil change 
 				Then refueled and gone back for more. 
 				Nah.go into hiding.and start hunting.nothing to lose at that point-no such thing as justice anymore 
 				Nah.go into hiding.and start hunting.nothing to lose at that point-no such thing as justice anymore 
 Wth! Corrupt 40 Yr Dem Senator Bill Nelson (Fl) - Directs people donating to Hurricane Victims - to Dem Fundraising site instead? It's time for American citizens to vote out Democrat Cancer. Vote Trump Gop 2018  
 	What a faggot pos 
 Fine by me, I have no crossant nigger in my genes. gas the french too lmao 
 As the migrant caravan surges through Mexico toward the U.S. border, U.S. officials are debating how to handle the mass of people once they arrive and demand entry into the Promised Land.      
 	An M-2 browning every mile with interlocking fields of fire and an order to shoot at any movement, with platoon size patrols in-between, all conducted by three units out of the 18th airborne corps, 101, 82, 10    Combat hardened crack troops.    Issue them about 30,000 body bags 
 		Lol @ redneck fantasies 
 			What needs to be done to stop this invasion. 
 					What needs to be done to stop this invasion. 
 					What needs to be done to stop this invasion. 
 While I agree with teaching them a lesson, I doubt the nigger has enough brain matter to pick that lesson up. 
  You look more like a Pedo account than Parody. You do not get to follow me. 
 	What do you look like.  
 		Wow you sure told me. And that’s Mr Cunt little man respect your elders douchebag  
 	You far under estimate the pow of armed American patriots shit for brains. 
 	Yes arming both sides so morons like you can pound your chest I'm the idiot I hope you at least bought stocks and all the b******* MRIs and ammo you buy 
 	Yes arming both sides so morons like you can pound your chest I'm the idiot I hope you at least bought stocks and all the b******* MRIs and ammo you buy 
 Am I the only crazy one, but am not seeing any debris from such an awful crash? I see tree branches and some things but one would think there would be much more debris? Where's the limo, did it blow up into a million pieces? Ideas/thoughts?    
 	Driver wasn't a muzzie by chance was he? 
 Lmao! 
 	Another gang rapist! By the "orange menace"! Horror of horrors!  
 		Is that a troll account or for real? It's too retarded to be real. Then again, I genuinely can no longer tell the difference between satire and things that libtards are actually saying and believing. 
 Alyssa Milano.   She seems to get dumber with age. 
 		yep.hitting the rock a bit much as well. 
 		yep.hitting the rock a bit much as well. 
 Vatican has been a cradle of filth since it's inception   There is hardly institution as corrupted,as degenerated and perverted than Papacy is   Currently Catholic church is undergoing exposure of biggest of it's contemporary  child rape / paedophilia  scandals, and  our resident Catholic retard comes to throw shade at Great Greeks   Inferiority complex wins! 
 Trump Has Put Us On Path To War With Iran While Nobody is Paying Attention    
 	You miss Obama sucking Iranian dick?  
 		This whole retarded "if you hate Trump you love Hillary" think is so fucking lame.  They're the same type of thing, Trump and Hillary.  You naive retards always end up electing scumbags because you fall for the Begelian Dialectic. 
 bro, you can nigger on here and no one even flinches.   I can tell you how I would love to see people start shooting antifa thugs in the face and its all good. Gab is truly free speech. 
 Here’s how false-flags work:   >find a non-White unstable middle-aged man   >feed him a steady stream of drugs and encouragement   >help him commit crimes, but ensure nothing actually works so the investigation doesn’t get too hot   >convince him to put as many offensive stickers as he can on his van so the whole world can see   You’d have to be an idiot to believe this guy was a real threat. 
 	When the war starts don't think you should engage strangers, no. The most effective effort will be for each patriot to cleanse his own family first. Who knows them better than you? Your libtard uncle, your femtard aunt, and your faggot cousin. Every commie is family to a patriot, what right do you have to interfere in his family if you dont start with your own? 
 Identified: We Expose Jordan Hunt   The Man Who Roundhouse Kicked A Pro-Life Leader    
 	Sick: Just now a pro-abortion advocate roundhouse kicked a young pro-life woman from  in Toronto   Video    
 		He Is A Hippy Faggot  
 Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Syrian refugee who sexually assaulted 10 women in Germany acts like a baby when brought to justice    
 	Not a surprise!  They are all emotionally retarded and suffer from arrested development!  Can you imagine when he brings the Jordan wife into Germany and produces an entire tribe of himself! 
 This is the List of Moral Alignment:         Chaotic Good: Crusaders for Yahweh   Lawful Good: Fights for White Justice   Neutral Good: Would Save a White Man in Dire Need   Neutral: Could Care Less either Way    Neutral Evil: Would Watch White Folk Die & Not Help   Lawful Evil: Cold Blooded Nigger Killer   Chaotic Evil: Globalist Nwo Jew 
 Sweden To Expel 6-Year-Old-Orphan Back To Ukraine  
 	That boy is probably safer in the Ukraine than he is in faggot Swedenistan.  
 Cloaked Warships Off Venezuela Coast. Something Is Going On. Watch THIs!    
 		They are trying to get the support of the people to invade and overthrow a democratically elected leader. The true reasons for doing this are money, oil and power. Not humanitarian aid. That is a lie. Watch this and look into it. 
 		The money oil and power will be given it all because my wife has family members living in that country and his family in Italy as got him and is son to fly out of there to get to safe place like Italy were there a job and home for him it that bad they tell the ture story's going on there  
 		The money oil and power will be given it all because my wife has family members living in that country and his family in Italy as got him and is son to fly out of there to get to safe place like Italy were there a job and home for him it that bad they tell the ture story's going on there  
 Pakistan a commonwealth country who the U.K regime sends  millions of our money to each year   Christian leaders in Britain silent, their too busy talking about the need for Britain to accept millions of moslem refugees from Pakistan 
 	Barbaric backward scum - easy way to murder someone in that shithole is to say they "insulted the prophet" No matter that all those retarded rapists and terrorists insult their religion on a Daily basis! Hypocritcal backward savages. Uk should tell Any harm and you can all your countrymen back and no more Aid. Will never happen, Christian = expendable! 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 		So, you’re really this stupid?  Lmfao!  I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 							Thanks again wee man for proving only one thing.   You have nothing but a limited vocabulary, which again is only limited to petty slurs and insults.   You are the reason I am here, and so long there are people like you, we shall win with the least of effort.    
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 																Lol!  Why do you think you are dumber than dirt?  Still not Facts as that is obviously just your opinion.  But you don't know what a Fact actually is do you? 
 																Lol!  Why do you think you are dumber than dirt?  Still not Facts as that is obviously just your opinion.  But you don't know what a Fact actually is do you? 
 If the jews Hate it, then it must be the Truth.      
 		"To mock Christianity today is to mock a hundred  generations of our ancestors"  Go back to sucking nigger toes, christ cuck. 
 According to the Eu commission Europe has room for 3-4 billion "refugees" 
 	Wtf ?  
 		From the look of it, it's just some retard that made a spread sheet and based population potential on a set population density. Ignoring all of the crap that goes into supporting such a population in the first place, I am surprised the person could even boot up their computer without it catching fire or exploding. 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Trump. Fuckin' Faggot English.    
  What are your thoughts on this?   (Lindisfarne gospel, depicts Noah and the people of his time as Anglo-Saxons, wearing Anglo-Saxon attire, and Noah's Ark as a longship) 
 	Imo That's what the Monks who created it were familiar with during that period as they were Anglo-Saxons, so it makes sense they'd that interpret the scene based on what surrounded them everyday.  I doubt many of the Monks at Lindesfarne had ever been to the Middle East or knew much about the ship types & clothing styles in use there. 
 		Aye, I try to avoid the British Israelite types. It's absolutely retarded 
 Is there anywhere that's like /r/mma but not gay, and full of faggot queers who are sensitive. 
 Conservatives let you keep your hard earned money so you can be more productive and more independent.   Liberals want to take your hard earned money from you so they can bribe you with it and be under their control.   Vote in November.    
 		it's the nigger Dna  
 	the most "stable" American society - Mormonism - was founded upon polygyny   no, it can't be maintained indefinitely, but it is a means to overcome present adversities 
 		Well I don't think Mormonism is a "American society", it's like a religion or cult within a society.  Mormonism works well in a host nation for a few reasons.  1. Most mormons aren't polygamous. 2. It's not all consuming like Islam (i.e. there are secular and women of other religions to feed on) 
 			while I empathize with your opinion, Mormonism is a religion, a culture, and a society   it is without doubt derived from American civilization even if we describe it as a descendant of American civilization and not a part of America   despite mainstream Mormonism's rejection of polygyny, the fundamentalist branches use polygyny to grow   that's a lesson for us 
 				2/  Usually people that promote polygamy like Chris Cantwell think they are going to be one of the guys with like 4 girlfriends.  This is obviously not the case (just look at him), serious self-delusion.  They are going to be alone jerking off while people like the Golden One has harems of like 20 chicks. 
 					Ive been that guy with >1 gf/date [note: money isnt a limit]   I understand that makes other men angry   it's not hard to spin plates in this modern (post-1960's) era   but. polygyny (>1 woman marriage) requires women officially share a husband - most wont do that even if facing crushing loneliness   & many women wont share male attention b4 marriage 
 						As with chimps, if someone is hogging too many of them women, the betas will gang up on the alpha and kill him. Personally, I prefer civilization to constant warfare.  Read closely, it isn't good for alphas or betas or the tribe at all:  
 							In Anglo-Saxon common law the criminal element of murdering someone who is fucking your wife (crime of passion) often has diminished punishment. Degeneracy is frowned upon in the west due to the way Aryans evolved. Read Culture of Critique.  
 								[i'm getting a bit tired of "read [insert article]"   tell me whatever you want to say, or move along 
 										Argument: If males aren't invested in the society due to imbalanced ratios, we will see political and social destabilization. Evidence: I point to the traditional monogamous west and compare it to middle eastern countries and the modern degenerate west. I also point out the rules apply to the animal that shares our most recent ancestor, the Chimpanzee. 
 QAnon +++  1h1 hour agoMore  I came out as Lgbt in the 90s & lost family & friends. I was called faggot & beaten to a pulp. Surgery required. Coming out as a  supporter is 10x harder. I'm called Nazi & my life is reg threatened. Still closeted out of fear of Liberals.  
 QAnon +++  1h1 hour agoMore  I came out as Lgbt in the 90s & lost family & friends. I was called faggot & beaten to a pulp. Surgery required. Coming out as a  supporter is 10x harder. I'm called Nazi & my life is reg threatened. Still closeted out of fear of Liberals.  
 Moral of the story: Don'T put yourself out there as a leader of a radical political group if you don't have your domestic situation locked down 
 	I don't know him.  I have never met him.  I don't know her.    I do follow her on Twat - because I am Russian and am simultaneously impressed with her Iq and sense of humor and her ability to Deflect the Idiots who come after her . and am also bothered by the communist iconography on her Tl .  So . Just Trying to Understand Her . but wanted to believe best of her - because she has a Great Sense Of Humor . and an obvious High Iq . even though those "Georgian Roots" make me soooooo nervous.  (Communism's historical past and Georgians)  But my family court counseling background immediately makes me think, "Look at the last guy she accused."  (before her husband) and then go from there . Especially when money and child custody is at stake .  End of day -- One Hopes that Spencer will make it right with her (if he was drunk when events took place, if they took place . which that Message implies )   and that She gives him access to His Children .   for the rest of us -- It's Not Our Business.   Families are dealing with their own thing . Just as You Do . and this includes the mentals/ragers who will make it "Content".  Children morons . Think Of Children.  For Once. 
 		What about Georgians makes you nervous? Did you find it curious that an American White Nationalist married a Georgian? I thought it was rather odd.  
 		Tongue in cheek due to sad/serious nature of topic.  I'm anti Communism - and  Joseph Stalin was Georgian.   Nina's posts show she has a funny and sarcastic side - she would have gotten the joke within a serious comment, especially as I suspect she does the communist iconography to trigger people.  (one hopes so anyway)   People marry for unknown reasons - but if these two people both have history interests and degrees - they probably also had a lot of interesting discussion in good times.  
 		Tongue in cheek due to sad/serious nature of topic.  I'm anti Communism - and  Joseph Stalin was Georgian.   Nina's posts show she has a funny and sarcastic side - she would have gotten the joke within a serious comment, especially as I suspect she does the communist iconography to trigger people.  (one hopes so anyway)   People marry for unknown reasons - but if these two people both have history interests and degrees - they probably also had a lot of interesting discussion in good times.  
 Pretty big jump from "orderly society" to being onboard with white genocide and normalizing pedophilia, isn't it? Obvious as fuck you're only here to paint a false narrative and try to influence westerners. But you're wasting your time. We're not retarded like you goat fucking Muzzo-Jews. 
 And Btw I would never mute you.you are too much fodder to make an example of on multiple platforms. Hours of entertainment 
 	For what? I collect retarded posts from morons and create much loved entertainment. New age trolls are weak assholes 
 	For what? I collect retarded posts from morons and create much loved entertainment. New age trolls are weak assholes 
 *New Video*   Tattoos are for people who don't have personalities. Change my mind.    
 	Stupid people get tats? That entire diatribe against tats & people who make them or have them was baseless as well as down right ignorant. By who's premise? Yours? Tell you what I'll make it short & sweet. "Blow It Out Your Ass you limey cuck." Bec. to explain thoroughly to you is a waste of time. 
 Icymi --> Literally Shaking (from laughter): Top 10 Unglued Lib responses to Kavanaugh’s confirmation  
 	Hysterically funny Tweets by LibTURDS angry they didn’t get their way.  One over-the-top was the Muzzie who wants you to send to her PayPal acct for her therapy  
 Listening to the Bronx Pozer deny what is happening in South Africa on the  is absolutely infuriating.  The mental gymnastics these people use to pretend there is not a racial genocide taking place in Sa from a person who have never been there is amazing. 
 	That literal pozzed faggot deserves to be slaughtered by a pack of savage niggers. 
 SerialBrain2 - Obama renews his allegiance to the New World Order  by  War Drummer Official  Published on Jul 14, 2018       #ShareFreely        WeThePeopleHaveHadEnough                                    @1776Ninja                         @Skysearcher2                                    @Scarasha         @catchingfireCA                
 	Can I say " Fuck that faggot with a hay rake sideways twice. " 
 You know only communists, and communist pets (centrists) don't want an ethnostate.    everybody else does want an ethnostate. Shows the Iq levels you are operating at  Profoundly retarded per chance? 
 If you have a Twitter account --   >>   <<  Report This Dyke Feminazi Bitch To ! She promotes hatred! I'm pretty sure that's a violation of the Twitter Rules. Specifically against hateful conduct!    Report Her! She's a nasty, ugly, vile, 'rhymes with hunt!'  Disgusting creature! Disgusting!    >>  <<   Report Her! Please! 
  
 	Female is a mental disorder. 
 		Thx Jews!  When you see these Retarded leftist white women yell at Candace Owens who is black accusing her of being a White supremacist, you surely know they are brainwashed monkey brains!  Fuck the Jews! 
  Watch the video 40 minutes in that’s your girl  bashing our women in the movement. That’s your feminist communist anti-white girl who you refused to check because you had to white knight like a little bitch 
 	I have a major problem with Wn feminists - they know better, yet they still run around talking like retarded jewesses  
 Man who posed with French President and was 'inspired' arrested within days    
 	Ni doubt the druggie smoked pot with Micron while he gave it to the French faggot up the choccie chute 
 Someone needs to teach men that being a pathetic cuck won’t increase your odds of women sleeping with you. Nobody is going to take pity on you just because you grovel. 
 	Come on how, he is definitely useful as a man to suck the nigger semen out of his wife's front hole. 
 Americans. Not Black Americans. Not African Americans. Americans. Americans.     
 		if they vote for Trump. I don't give a shit what they are. 
 		"if they vote for Trump. I don't give a shit what they are."- If they create the same south africa in america, its Okay because they 'voted for Trump'. They raped my wife, exterminated my family but hey they have a red hat on.   
 		So says an ignorant leftshit trying to say  he's an American Patriot, but just another racist leftshit! 
 		So says an ignorant leftshit trying to say  he's an American Patriot, but just another racist leftshit! 
 Christian Witch Claims Christ Followers Can Practice Witchcraft, Despite Biblical Warnings    
 	Hmmm, maybe time to bring out the firewood,  matches, ropes, and a pole. Salem revisited. Or just chase her out with a broom. 
 		idiot! Go ahead, break a Commandment because you're an uneducated cunt and a hypocrite! 
 Fuckin Jews & a Nigger !  Commie Fucks ! 
 Jack Dorsey is a faggot arse wipe & I could say same of @a & not get banned  Andrew Torba is cool though 
 Anti-white, neocon ((( Ben Shapiro ))) would never argue for racial replacement in his own country Israel   Ben supports  Israel building a wall, refusing refugees, deporting Africans, but  he demands Third World immigration and refugees for the Usa and Europe. Ben wants whites gone.   His email: Ben.shapiro1776@gmail.com, bshapiro@dailywire.com       
 		Pretty sure he doesn't like leftist Jews. 
 	Lol. Of course it was, chuckles.   You seem to be in a very bad mood today! 
 		Chuckles. that is very accurate and for you that must be a first.   I love taunting the really fucking stupid.   O’Brien duped that silliest of cunts and just pointing the fuckwit at the right direction is delicious fun.   Hes a dopey fuck so won’t go and check!   He’ll Remain an ignorant cunt unto death! 
 		Chuckles. that is very accurate and for you that must be a first.   I love taunting the really fucking stupid.   O’Brien duped that silliest of cunts and just pointing the fuckwit at the right direction is delicious fun.   Hes a dopey fuck so won’t go and check!   He’ll Remain an ignorant cunt unto death! 
  
 	Only one Clinton and no Jap cunt 
 How's that diversity working out, America?   Oh.    
 	I advocate free and mandatory abortions for all nigger sows. Let’s clean this mess up in one generation.  
 Lets all cry about how the Jews aren't playing fair and instead of focusing on nation building then call everyone a faggot when they interject with something logical. That's productive. Muh dick muh dick muh dick. 
 You don't have to be white to be pretty.  Most of the NPCs are white and ugly.  Race is an idiotic distraction. We need to defend all conservatives against liberals.  
 	Shut the fuck up, you subversive, Anti White, nigger lover 
 ranc  i joined gab to remind myself how retarded jew haters are. You wouldn't be typing on your abacus without them you retard. 
  
 	Why is that faggot Cruz in there? Is he the gay drummer? 
 Rt :    School District Denies Claim Kindergartner Was Assaulted By ‘Gender Fluid’ Boy In Girls’ Bathroom  via  
 	Ya have to believe the girl,,, according to every liberal cunt that ever marched 
 Can't wait for you're failure. faggot  :)  
 	Hummmmmmmm. closet voters for the ? 
 	Hummmmmmmm. closet voters for the ? 
 @a Gab could potentially be one of the premier social media sites in a few years. It's astounding how much progress you and your team made in such a short amount of time. 
 	Yep. And Gab finally got rid of all the fairy gay faggot tranny porn too! :) 
 	I mean. if your cunt has guts in it you should probably see a doctor. At her age though with the wear and tear, what hasn’t caved in? 
 suck on sand nigger baby 
 Damn commies in the american government     
 	The faggot looks old as shit, he just used make up like all faggots do. 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	U deserve it Nigger !  Along with a Shit Kicking ! 
 It expert, 40, accused of raping a boy, 13, in the front yard of his home after meeting him online and only stopping when the teenager's horrified mother saw him - is given Bail              
 	Looks like Australia treat them with kid gloves as well. 
 		if your a nigger or pedo worshipper in Aus you get the culturally sensitive version of the pathetic Law, eg oh it,s a mental issue ,or they come from a war torn place, or oppressed background , who fkn cares they are supposedly told all the does and don'ts when they get there , but softcock Judges keep letting the off,the World will start calling it Sweden no2 soon 
 I bet y'all already heard about this one. No?  I wonder why that could be    His Name is Connally Klein: 52-year-old White Male Pushed into Traffic and Murdered by Black Woman in Dallas.    
 	Since this was reported 2ndhand to the cops, they did it right: executed the warrants on this nig & got her off the street. However, had a cop seen this, he should've be able to shoot on sight. When you don't need a trial to convict a nigger of nigging against a White man, there should not be one. Strike Hard should be the credo of the Dallas Pd in that case- 
 I'd like to take a moment to thank the following lowlife, shitposting, racists for outing themselves as such.   You will all be receiving your free Mute in the mail shortly.   @ S a r a _ P e r i t a s   @ G r e g S i m s  @ J a z u  @ H a n k R e a r d e n  @ _ 8 8 d o g e  @ P i c k l e J a r s F o r H i l l a r y  @ j e n n i n t h e w e s t  @ M e m e s F o r T a y  @ 3 R e d M i c e  @ p a s s i n g g a s  @ C h a n d r a C h r i s t i n e  @ N o M o r e W a r s F o r I s r a e l 
 	Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
       Georgetown Professor 'Castrate' White Men's Corpses and 'Feed Them to Swine' 
 		And all (((they))) gotta do is act naturally; (((they're))) defective. 
 Grasp The Most Traditional Possession Of A Cowboy - A Beautiful LEATheR Western Saddle.   We present you with our eye getting spic and span 13 inch youth horse tooled calfskin western show saddle set with a silver trim. A very much cut and hand created Oem saddle for simply the cost of $299 as it were. 
 Grasp The Most Traditional Possession Of A Cowboy - A Beautiful LEATheR Western Saddle.   We present you with our eye getting spic and span 13 inch youth horse tooled calfskin western show saddle set with a silver trim. A very much cut and hand created Oem saddle for simply the cost of $299 as it were. 
  
 		Slap her back to Hawaii, we don’t want her here!  
 		No ne wants her.She's been living with her boyfriend for 6 yrs. immoral. 
 		No ne wants her.She's been living with her boyfriend for 6 yrs. immoral. 
  
 	Lol the nigger thinks it'll be a doctor  
 	his brown pets.burning the flag.  
 		And the point is? 
 					really?   did Whites die in "camps" in Wwii?   were Whites kicked out in pogroms?   why isn't the Adl and Splc called Kkk?  are Africans the same as Indians because of skin tone?  why do Jews have to show Dna to get in Israel?    
 						If you are referring to the people of India as Indians they are actually Caucasian according to 200 years of science. 
 								You obviously have no education in Anthropology.   And the term "Black Irish" was a reference to Irish with dark eyes silly 
 														words have been used against whites to.shut us down.we will take it back  it is actually empowering.like a nigger going full 'fro and not culturally appropriating another races hair  you mute because you are not smart enough to persuade 
 When Any of the Jew Haters start spewing their hatred I just mute them. But we have to admit that when they are allowed to spread their hatred shooting occur. 
 		You are a fine example of those anti-semitic people, I was speaking of. Yes haters like you have always blamed the jews for their own failure. Go preach your hate else where. You are the one who makes us the stuff as you go. 
 			He does make the stuff up as he goes along, and neatly ignores the massacres of Christians and Catholics around the world. He's blind to the fact that every community has good and evil, and that this is another divisive Ff. 
 				I’m talking about in America, not Africa and the Middle East you vapid faggot 
 hmmmm 
 	Been owned like a good paid for nigger for a long time 
 Watch how the Ny Times announce that Trump is a fascist and make parallels to Nazi Germany.    
 		Jews are definitely not Kosher. 
 		God is great but $ is king. 
 		The inverted Orwellian world in action. Satan is God and God is Satan! 
 		The inverted Orwellian world in action. Satan is God and God is Satan! 
 Ralph, you're acting like a nigger mate.    
 Bowling alley worker brutally beaten with ball after telling group to leave.  
 		wth! they did more than drop a bowling ball on his head, they beat him up, tossed a chair. What kind of living is that if they behave worse than wolverine! 
 		wth! they did more than drop a bowling ball on his head, they beat him up, tossed a chair. What kind of living is that if they behave worse than wolverine! 
 <mueh mueh, ebil Nazis hurt my rat feels Yeah, cry me a river, cockroach, while pretending to be muh Amerigan, instead of the Jidf faggot that you are. You've been found out, jew.  Also, nice projection there, shlomo.  
 <mueh mueh, ebil Nazis hurt my rat feels Yeah, cry me a river, cockroach, while pretending to be muh Amerigan, instead of the Jidf faggot that you are. You've been found out, jew.  Also, nice projection there, shlomo.  
 The left has criminalized disagreeing with them.   
 	Proof that being a dyke rots the mind. 
 That'S Retarded And Gross Even 4 U Tranny B 
  This is the natural end result of the ideology of your antiracist allies. When forced to choose between the survival of the White race & their retarded antiracist sentiments about what White men who owned niggers as slaves meant by "equal" while thinking they're saving western civilization, they'll choose to virtue signal & save neither 
 She was &.  
 	A nigger lover, so no crime was committed. 
  
 	Wow. Such cool. Really wow. Such Faggot 
 Click On Pic 
 	After all, he was replaced by that faggot looking one in the new crappy versions. 
 i get the feeling the whole "based nigger" meme is just another co-opt  just like with that Faggot Milo (((yiannopoulos)))  how "based" are these niggers on Fox Jews?  unless they name the Jew and the Nigger problem in America they're not really based.   
 Anderson Silva agrees to fight Conor Mcgregor at a catch-weight of 180lbs.    
 		Even though im Irish, i agree 
 		Even though im Irish, i agree 
 Imagine the global hysteria if this were an American man.    As a Canadian, he gets a pass.     
 		she actually is and you are too. Go suck a sand nigger cock 
 It took me a little over a week 2 acclimate moving from Twat 2 Gab. It'll come, it's really not difficult!  
 It took me a little over a week 2 acclimate moving from Twat 2 Gab. It'll come, it's really not difficult!  
                                                                                                  @studentoflife              
 	Nope, 2 different incidents. He mocked her about weight(probably because she dug into him first) and autistic reporter was thin. 
 		Most of my memes are designed to trigger the Left, being that (at my core).I am a troll. I thrive on Leftists tears. The "mocked a disabled reporter" lie, is one they love to repeat. I like to answer with my Rosie the retard meme. 
 Somebody did us a favor and put subtitles on Bernie Sanders. 
 	Ugliest millionaire cult leader ever. 
 		if you think social Democrats are even encroaching upon Socialism or communism not only are you mentally retarded but probably lack any sort of formal or informal education. Maybe read like a pamphlet on social democracies versus post capitalist socialist governments, you might learn a few things.  
 And if you Don'T think we're all flawed and need to be redeemed, then please explain modern society.  
 	Well when you have a bunch of self hating, self loathing folk, who hate themselves and hate their race, they hate their culture and hate their ancestors, you end up with a degenerate self serving society. Being as christianity has been at the head of the west for Oohhh so long, yet here we are anyway, it doesn't seem christianity works as far as redemption goes 
 		Post-Christian Europe is responsible for the decadence, the low birth rates, and the immigration waves.  
 			Thats funny, I don't recall "post christian europe" holding telethons and missionary trips to feed the starving Somalians, it was christians doing that.      
 						When I was a child I was apart of several churches, and I always wondered why they passed around the collection plate at every single one, looking to go "minster" to the africans/south americans/chinese. Always tossing endless amounts of money into a bottomless pit when whites in the community, hooked on drugs and poverty, went wanting. 
 						When I was a child I was apart of several churches, and I always wondered why they passed around the collection plate at every single one, looking to go "minster" to the africans/south americans/chinese. Always tossing endless amounts of money into a bottomless pit when whites in the community, hooked on drugs and poverty, went wanting. 
 The Gay Muslim Transgender Drag Queer, Coming Next is the Dyke Feminist Postmodernist Social Justice Flat-Earth Gender Studies Creationist Science denier 
 	why are these jihadi jane ingrates even in america in the first place? 
 		She's going to be used as a test case when we start stripping paper-Americans of their birthright citizenship, calling it now     
 			Government has no authority to strip someone of citizenship 
 						You said Us government has no authority to strip citizenship. I just showed you the law that says it does. Accept the fact that I destroyed you and move on before you embarrass yourself further, dumbshit. 
 								Oops. According to you, these people don't exist. Someone in government took away their Us passports. Want to tell them they're free to come back?   
 																I'm going to guess that you're eventually going to be jailed forever after trying to convince a judge that you don't need to pay income tax or shot by a cop after ranting that driver's licenses are unconstitutional Man, enjoy being raped in prison 
 at work, got cornered by a 45 yr old brown hippy man child.long story short he said America has no culture and that he wants to move to Canada.please Canada take our rootless cosmopolitan brown man children I beg of you! 
 		well then it sounds like its up to us to keep our culture alive and that is what I am trying to do 
 			well, perhaps you should talk to your husband about the destruction of for's European homeland,  and possibly make an effort to have a last stand there,   works better than an ode to a dying people 
 				my husband says your wrong and black pilled. 
 							I am a nigger,  what u gunna do about it gay ass 
 More  crap.   "Alyssa Milano: 'I'm Filled with Rage'  Trump, Gop Institutionalizing Sexual Abuse"       
 	Liberal Cunt ! 
 Turbo is a faggot 
 writes the faggot who didn't have the balls to serve.  
 That nigger needs to tell his wife I said stop mudsharking. 
  
 		I am patient! 
 		WWG1WGA 
 		I'm not sure if Trump will, he was friends with the Clintons in the past.  He would be investigating the whole Dnc if he wanted to clear "the swamp".  He's doing a few things that will help but if the midterms go south, this country will just keep getting worse.  There is nothing like this is recent history, unless we want to look at communist Russia, maybe Venezuela. 
 		I'm not sure if Trump will, he was friends with the Clintons in the past.  He would be investigating the whole Dnc if he wanted to clear "the swamp".  He's doing a few things that will help but if the midterms go south, this country will just keep getting worse.  There is nothing like this is recent history, unless we want to look at communist Russia, maybe Venezuela. 
  
 	Kate Morgan hides her stupid stinky twat on twitter 
 Hillary for 2020   Join me in this very important campaign   She is a winner that will lead the Democrats to Victory   Really   Remember the polls of 2016   Hillary winner winner chicken dinner 
 		Come on now that's not a good attitude we need to Rally the base the Democratic base get them on board Hillary for president 20/20 third time's a charm really 
 			Great Idea.Rally The Democrats.Against Trump.Post This.Everywhere. 
 				An old meme but looking forward to this happening after the elections.  
 				Lol.That meme is anywhere Near as old as I Am.As warped as some folks Really Are.It wouldn't surprise me a bit if it actually Happened. 
 				Lol.That meme is anywhere Near as old as I Am.As warped as some folks Really Are.It wouldn't surprise me a bit if it actually Happened. 
 Dear God. get rid of these fucking vile nasty ass niggers that contaminate our beautiful country! America would be so much greater without the nigger animals! 
 United Kingdom: 'London is more Islamic than many Muslim countries put together: 423 mosques, 100 Sharia courts'   
 		Yup.the elite thought they would be able to stay in power by inviting the "immigrants" in.BWAHAHAHahaaaaa 
 		And all for votes. What happens when that idea backfires on them, because it will, muzzies don't take to being owned. Full out war in the Uk? 
     This is perposterous and racest!   How can you charge an ethnic minority with ethnic violations?   You’ll be hearing from my consituents in November and if you come on my property, I’ll turn my rockweilers loose on you! 
 	A nigger who can't spell racist! Call Guinness! 
 Alyssa Milano: Trump Uses 'Cult-Like Force' to Communicate With Fans  
 	I want to use the force on Tony Danza and make him pay for unleashing this twat on humanity 
 New camouflage for the U.S. military. 
 	fuck that fat tub of muzzy nigger lovin shit 
 100%      #Folkfirst   
 		And you better mute me again ,cause I told your bitch jewsus dick sucking cunt kike loving ass , not to come at me unless you did it as a man ,well your not so how could I expect as much from a pig jew , 
     Nwo Eu & China Globalism Vs Usa & Russia Nationalism !   Nwo China & Eu Unite To Kill Free Speech         Nwo Hate Trump        Germany    www.breitbart.com/london/2018/09/30/merkel-globalism-warns-trump-against-destroying-un    Rusia Crushes Soros    
 	 is flat out denying China,, with China's full page newspaper ad.   They are singling out the Russian woman now arrested,, as  little helper.  This news crew are simply mentally retarded to the 3iQ Max.   Then They air the clip of Trump,. yea., we need help in Ohio,, lets call Russia, to help.  You can't joke with these mental cases to any degree,, or they'll run with it.  
 	The only acceptable people on the planet with pale skin are Jews. All others are scheduled for termination. 
 		Thank you for calling it pale and not white. Mine is white. 
 		Do you think they want their yellow stars back?  It's getting really weird on planet earth.  
 			A lot of them just want us dead, and soon they're going to lose patience with just telling us to breed ourselves out of existence. 
 			I have a clue about this. I am part Boer and a Rhodesian in the diaspora. Aussie friends will not listen despite this chart. no that is not white immigration. 
 			I have a clue about this. I am part Boer and a Rhodesian in the diaspora. Aussie friends will not listen despite this chart. no that is not white immigration. 
 6/ Here's a suggestion to everyone: take off all the mutes you have and you'll get to see what Gab actually has become.  That's the laughable part, you see Gab through these constructed glasses and meanwhile all around you is rampant stupidity.  And then ppl are like "gee why isn't Trump here?"  That's the most fucking retarded question I've ever heard. 
 Strange company for a Trump superfan to be keeping. 
 	Its a false flag he was going to blame other people and cause alot of shit 
 		lol Npc much? I will, open your mouth big boy, mc faggot 
 You probably got Downvoted by some Nigger Rapist here on Gab. 
 		I don't know about the "fried" teacher, but it feels Great here on Gab to be able to say chink, spic, wop, kike, nigger, faggot & bitch! 
 I just realized what this is.    "President Donald Trump suggested without evidence Thursday that Democrats or their allies are supporting a 'caravan' of Central American migrants who are traveling north aiming to enter the United States."         This is Trump admitting that his Judas goats convinced the Democrats to organize another caravan.    The Mexican cops are standing down, doing nothing to turn back as many as 7000 people--mostly military aged males--marching toward the Us border. From what the invaders and their supporters are saying, it's clear that they think that if Trump takes action to stop them, it will will backfire politically on him.    Remember that Obama's former Cia and Nsa chief Michael Hayden chimed in, telling us that we must submit to being invaded. We also have professional political activists telling us that sending the invaders back would be a crime against humanity.    So Trump is telling us that his Judas goats got the Democrats to commit another act of political suicide by funding a caravan so close to the midterms.    "The leaks are real; the news is fake."    That was trump telling the press to their faces what he was doing. And nobody understood.    These caravans Enrage Americans. What infuriates us is the video of them tearing down fences and telling us that they are entitled to come here illegally and take our money.    As insane as it seems, the Democrats are still unaware that Trump was elected in part to stop illegals from invading. So stopping the latest caravan will Help Trump, not hurt him.    And Trump just told us that his Judas goats made this happen. 
 	The caravans are nothing. The flood has been ongoing since 1965. Care to guess who the first illegals were in the late 1800s? Same ones organizing now. Same ones who demanded Hart Celler. Oy vey. 
 		The more this goes on, the more I come to understand >Oh, you're just blaming them because it's easy. The "woke" take is that it's not easy, it's life destroying. The bespoke take is that it's incredibly easy, because it's not convoluted and stupid I mean, where's the rube goldberg device to turn on the light switch? You mean you just flick it on with your finger?  
 		The more this goes on, the more I come to understand >Oh, you're just blaming them because it's easy. The "woke" take is that it's not easy, it's life destroying. The bespoke take is that it's incredibly easy, because it's not convoluted and stupid I mean, where's the rube goldberg device to turn on the light switch? You mean you just flick it on with your finger?  
 Muted soppy cunt 
 faggot 
 This.  Not the best career move.    
 	"no job" "no insurance" . no brains 
 			Take up welding  ,you Will find a job ,fast . 
 			She don’t want a job. She a worthless bitch from 18 to 35 the woman here want you to pay for everything including their monthly rags.  
 Mentally ill shitlib faggot roundhouse-kicks pro-life woman in Toronto.       .the tolerant left. 
 No, it's a retarded Nazi problem. Fuck off my timeline you shitskin. 
 Poor Jimmie!   Somebody should mail him some balls. Doesn't matter what kind, from a deer they shot, a pig they slaughtered, any source will do. It'll be 100% more than he has now.   More than he has of his own, that is. Who knows what he's doing with other people's balls in his spare time. 
 	Acosta is a moron and a faggot as well as a liar 
  
 	no were being persecuted by faggot hair dresser;s 
 Drop dead and die Obama. Islam and all idiots who practice it must be eliminated. Allah is a false god 
 	 
 		Nobody should care who a nigger quotes.  
 So today is National Coming Out Day. It's been over 5 years since I first came out to anyone, and it was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done. I would rather present my Master's thesis presentation for 24 continuous hours than re-live that moment.   (Anyway, here I am in a Pride-colored Eagles tank top after a killer sunburn from a day out on Sebago. ) 
 		You obviously cannot comprehend shit.  It is sad that so many people are this brainwashed retarded and have no consciousness whatsoever.  I always think something will take but end up disappointed as usual.  Go back in the closet where you belong! 
 		I guess we don’t get to see her tits. 
 			they're prob small and that's why she's so bitter. cause men won't look at her little tits  
 			Her tits are completely unimportant to me. There is more high-quality porn available for free, of every kind imaginable, than any hundred people could watch in a hundred lifetimes.  
 			> There is more high-quality porn available for free, of every kind imaginable, than any hundred people could watch in a hundred lifetimes.   Challenge accepted! 
 		yes, we're real concerned 
 		Fat broads in costumes chanting in unison. that is actually my worst nightmare.  
 		the Gaelic name O'Searcaigh was used by the Irish family O Searsaigh which is derived from " Searcach " which means " Loving ". she'd hate that. 
 		what does it mean "take our contraceptives" do they get them free. 
 hey buddy, I think you're a huge part of the shitty way this countries going so why dont you get out and move in with the muslims and hate more jews you fucking dicksucking scumbag  
 		I dont have wife 
 		Of Course You Don'T! because you're either a gay fag who sucks dick on tuesdays, or you're a fat slob who does nothing except sit in a dark room and type on your greasy ass keyboard all day looking at the bright screen, constantly propping up your glasses even though they don't help you see the bigger picture in life, which has to do with you killing yourself 
 Lindsey Graham: "This is as close to McCarthyism as I hope we get in my lifetime. You're guilty, until you're proven innocent. Whatever it takes to take you down, we'll do. If one allegation is not enough how about five?"  
 	The faggot accepts the jews' frame as he smears great patriot McCarthy by comparing his efforts to save America from (((communists))) to what today's victorious commies are doing. 
 Should we encourage more black men to murder their current or ex white girlfriends ? 
 	Coal burning retard deserved it. 
 Swedish police think they can reduce the number of shootings with stop shooting campaign    
 	Won't work. Try: Snälla skjut inte; det här är en våldtäktssone.        
 		It will work just as well as they intended, to virtual signal some crap and nothing more. Only someone that is either really delusion, really retarded or really out there would think it would really get migrants to stop shooting each other. 
 Gab-gab-gab-Gab-Gab-Gab!     
 	We all need to give this boomer faggot shabbos goy all the down votes we can. 
  
 	muslim Nigger Women Beating Fucking Diseased Hood Rat Vermin 
 Colin Kaepernick files to trademark image of his face    
 	What's he naming this "Trademark"? . "Stupid fuckin worthless anti-american nigger face"? 
 According to DemonRats  Russia is gonna Nuke Usa any moment now  When in Reality  Those Nukes will most likely come from China  You can check where I got these images from  List of wars involving Russia   (and Usa)   More images in comments 
 	So True.   Russia Is Not The Problem.   China Is The Problem & Has Been Since That Damn Pos Scumdog Trash & RAPIsT Bill Clinton Gave All Our Technology Away To China. 
 		Amazing the things I'm learning Why I Love Gab Now I'm wondering why I've been thinking Maulkin was American Born I know I'd never heard of her till early 2017 when I saw her on a Yt vid blasting the left I saw Megyn Kelly go after Trump during debate I knew then she was a Lib Cunt 
 Remember In November  
 	Warning! Warning! Warning!   We have a fairy gay faggot libtard here that downvoted this truth. 
 Need another reason to vote Republican in November? |  
 	fuck that retarded skanky whore 
 With respect, sir, Ncis Nawlins at least has that one single sympathetic main character (and the old bald white cop they killed off), that's two more than Ncis La.  They should let sassy black woman from The Shield be less of a cunt and they might have higher ratings. 
 With respect, sir, Ncis Nawlins at least has that one single sympathetic main character (and the old bald white cop they killed off), that's two more than Ncis La.  They should let sassy black woman from The Shield be less of a cunt and they might have higher ratings. 
 Trump admin considering defining gender an unchangeable, biological fact that is designated at birth  
 	Male - Female - Retard 
 They tell us this is what Middle Eastern babies looked like in the 1st century and wipepo be like, "seems legit."  
 	 
 		but this is what he looked like, do you know the demographics of the middle east before the islamic invasions? 
 			I don't give a flip about Judaism, the part  sand nigger thats in the modern jews was Whole sandnigger before they got kicked out by the Romans to wander up in to eastern Europe ok  
 That was fast. Guy who kicked a pro life woman gets fired from his job.    
 	I'd make this faggot eat his thick framed glasses. 
 marxist communist faggot pedophiles tearing at the christian moral fabric 
 First time on Gab.  Found it cause I just got another 7 day Twitter time out for calling Andrea Mitchell a bimbo.  They suspended me for hate speech within about 5 seconds of the tweet. 
 	you can call her cunt here and noone will care maybe even get a few likes ;p. 
 Some cunt that works at google security section is hacking my phone so please see who is logged on as admin sec there now and fuckin give him a lumber punch  
 	"The stress in British schools". << They receive 4 months holidays per year, oh the stress? 
 		I'm not going to judge them harshly without knowing their grievances.  One can very well have four months of holidays and still have a living hell for the other eight.  Being ordered to teach lies must certainly be terrible, as is dealing with Nigger hooligans without having a weapon. 
 	Why is this cunt still here?  
 	This is the perfect post if ever there was One. Two likes deserves a . I'm not only going to follow you but I've been looking for You (God'S Army). 
 		Just like Jesus did, God commands all of us to name the satanic Jew!  A time has come where silence about the Jews is betrayal! 
 		I started a new group called 1611 Authorized K.J.V. Bible study and now I can't find it. Can you find it anywhere? Thanks for reading. 
 	Can I get an Amen   Amen! 
 	Can I ask you something? Once you go Pro you can write more than 300 size comments right?  
 		3000 
 		So if I pay them about $5-6 a month I can post comments up to 3000 bytes? 
 		yes 
 	Words of wisdom. 
 Avenatti hit with $4.85M verdict in lawsuit from former law partner 
 	Couldn't of happened to a better person. Some retard will start a GoFundMe account.  
 If anyone is wondering how to test a person if they're an Npc all you have to do is casually say the word nigger to them, in a normal voice and not quoting anyone or trying to be funny, and see their reaction. And if they say nigger without a pause that is a guaranteed playable character you're talking to. 
 Demand more Iron Maiden pictures from the retarded cunt 
 Why is anyone acting like anything's up for debate?   It has never been Ok to invade countries.   It has never been Ok to try overthrow a government.   It has never been Ok to insist society change its view of reality.   Stop acting like any Leftist Bs is up for discussion or possibly valid. It's not. We all know it's crazy. "You're fkg crazy!" is all we should have to say. 
 	"Leftist Bs"? Muslims were invading countries, overthrowing governments and insisting societies change their view of reality for centuries before there were "Leftists". 
 		You rabid antisemites are very annoying and none too bright. 
 			I'm a rabid anti-semite just for saying Moslems and communist Jews have acted as peas in a pod through history and aren't really enemies. That is, I'm anti-semitic just for knowing the truth and speaking it. We must not let the communist Jews win. They would try us for "anti-semetism" and do sick things to us like they did in Germany acting as "Nazis". 
 				Anyone who compares Jews to Muslims is either a rabid antisemite or an ignorant asshole. I apologize, if I misjudged you. 
 					Nope, that's you. And you just proved you're a commie Jew (as if further proof was needed) with your retarded post. 
 That’s nigger surf and turf.  
 Stop calling progressive movements "Cultural Marxism". The term is a slander campaign used by the alt lite to conflate the economic left and progressive liberals. 
 		Hail stalin 
 		Hail stalin 
 The name of that new soc of his, faggot ass, is appropriate for him. I looked through his profile last night, I seen like 40 individual examples of him referring to faggotry of different sorts outside of his spam responses. he's in over his head for what he's attempting lul 
 Recent Poll of Gab users show 78% do not believe Nazis are enemies of America. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 		The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right," therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites.   Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 						White can be defined as the one group not eligible for affirmative action 
 							Like Elizabeth Warren? 
 								Yeah, are you trying to get me on some retarded one drop bs? 
 	Why do we let niggers get away with this? Would be a good idea to round up every nig in the area and make them 'fess up as to who this coon was. Then get medieval on said coon. 
 Nigger loving Sjw virtue signaler. Nothing brainy about her. 
 As Planned, Censorship of Jewish Apologist Alex Jones Causes His Website Traffic to Soar   [Jonestown Followers, Please Read This. Also His App Was Made By Israeli I.T. , Nobody Here Would Dare Build It]    
 	Jones already had a huge number of viewers. I don't see any logic in this false flag theory.  "still allowing people to access Infowars content" Once an app is installed, Apple and Google have little control in what the user does with it. Since this Aug 15 article, Apple has banned the app. Android apps can be installed without Google app store. 
 		Some folks see the entire world through their 'muh joooooozz' glasses. Ebil jooz responsbul fer all ebil everywherz! That is how you get retarded conspiracy theories like this for every occasion. 
 	Now you're just sending me the same memes every other socialist twat on here does. Is there a National Socialist online store where you buy them from? You Are Fucking Funny . Send some back  
 British Prime Minister Dances Onto Stage, Says Nothing in Wide-Ranging Hour Long Speech   Britain’s ailing Prime Minister Theresa May astounded pundits by reprising her ‘May-Bot’ robot dancing routine when giving her leader’s speech Wednesday, in an address that stridently avoided her Chequers plan and potential leadership challenges.  May’s leader’s speech confounded expectations in some respects with its confident delivery and refusal to engage, except lightly, in some of the key issues filling the news cycle. Instead choosing to focus on the Conservative domestic record in government, the speech was light on policy and announcements, announcing only a freeze in fuel duty, extra money for cancer treatment and extra borrowing for housebuilding.   Of the policies announced the freeze in fuel duty may be the most popular among the voting public  yet even this is no more than a continuation of a near-decade-old Conservative policy.   When the Prime Minister did speak of Brexit, it was without referring once to her Chequers soft-Brexit plan by name, a sign that she has now accepted the term has now acquired a tox status. Getting onto the subject halfway through her hour-long speech, May delivered a thinly-veiled warning to would-be leadership challengers that if the Conservative party was split now we risk no Brexit at all.   More broadly, rather than concentrating on the divisions within her own party, May’s speech was more focussed on the nation and landed a number of blows on the Labour party, the front bench of which the Prime Minister derided as the Jeremy Corbyn party.   Yet May contradicted herself at points, lambasting Labour for allowing government borrowing to spiral out of control during their time in government before announcing she would be abolishing house-building borrowing caps for local authorities just moments later.   The speech did not impress major pro-Brexit figures including Nigel Farage, who called it politically correct beyond belief and like the relaunch of the [Social Democrats].   Present Ukip leader Gerard Batten also attacked the Prime Minister, referring to her now frequent betrayals of the spirit of Brexit and saying: Theresa May is a Remainer who has no intention of taking us out of the European Union in any real sense whatsoever. Her strategy is to make pleasing noises yet say very little of substance, keeping the country in a holding position until her final betrayal is unveiled at the eleventh hour.    
 	She is  Absolutely  Worthless  Hopeless  Brainless  &  Spineless  Kick the stupid bint out.   ?    
 we knew that sheesh                                                                                                                    
 	Monkey ape sand nigger shit Period  
    Itv basically appealing for an isis member to be brought back  home . Accuses the U.K. of trying to block him . What the fuck? Why is my country so hellbent on destroying itself? 
 		No doubt he will quietly be brought back and we the public won't here a thing about it  
 		No doubt he will quietly be brought back and we the public won't here a thing about it  
 Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) Under Scrutiny For Allegedly Violating Federal Election Law         #1A #2A                         vs      
 	this stupid cunt 
 Comrade just did a Psa informing us all that the Npc meme is no longer welcome on the interwebz   F    
 	That nigger can't be serious 
 This is a main reason why they’re trying to take control of YouTube. 
 	Who would win between A giant internet media conglomerate with billions of dollars in funding or one retarded Applebees waiter? 
 Good a black burglar die in London hope more die and go to he'll for want evil cunt but people throw that work to make a living and buy nice thing not for black or white cunt that Rob for drugs got filling for them 
 Hey Faggot Strangle Spangle from Redneck Cuntry.  never had it, never will.   You're a dickhead lover.=lover of all Head And Dicks. 
 I miss the Good Old Days. 
 			Nigger probably uses her as a waterbed 
 	Typical nigger  
 	You're right, they wouldn't act out like this without a reason.   
 	I'd rather be arrested by local police than catch a Fed Case, 85% mandatory time served   
 	Fake news 
 	Proud Boy was probably raping some children and deserved it.  
 	Antifa needs their ass kicked. Here's a video of a rally last weekend in Providence.  A proud boy hesitated fighting a weak antifa gets out of the way to safely only to love forward into a antifa ready to fight that punches him in the face repeatedly.    
 	'no cops' is key and works to our advantage as well. 
 	They were waiting to ambush people coming out of the event. They are trying to reframe it. 
 	the ((())) cries out in pain as he strikes you  
 Is she a Jew? 
 	Just another Arsehole playing the Reallity Tv Game world wide, these arseholes cannot compete with the Queer Moslem Niggas because they are White.  The winner of The Biggest Victim is allowed to be the Biggest Bully by Retard politicians & the Msm until we kill the Wankers in the Revolution ! 
 Israel is the most faggot infested, pozzed, Grids ridden location on earth. No surprise given the jew pushes every unnatural act known to man on any nation they've infiltrated with subversive media outlets.     
 		I pray for this day and night -- Trump needs stream it to Pay-per-View, get his wall funds in two days. I want to witness them breaking rocks into smaller rocks, getting waterboarded, and prison shanked. Up to the day of their tribunal and execution. I want to see them place the rope around their necks and see their feet twitching. Then I will be able to sleep again knowing it will be at least another 50-60 years before they test the waters in America once more.  
 		I hope we can all witness that together. 
 		I hope we can all witness that together. 
 Apple is typical of leftism.    I had an iMac that worked perfectly until it became obsolete. So I went to the Apple store in Pasadena to buy a new one.    "Do you sell external Cd players?" I asked.    The sales clerk actually paused and stared at me as if I weren't even human.    "Why do you want an external Cd player?" he asked Very rudely.    Since I'm not an asshole, I don't think like one.    "To save images on Cds," I said.    "This iMac has a Cd drive," the guy sneered.    I almost didn't buy the computer, just to teach him a lesson about salesmanship, but as I usually do in life, I shrugged off the assholery and went home with a new computer.    In 2015, I bought a new iMac online. When it arrived, I set it up, and I looked for the Cd slot.    There was none. The 2015 iMac has no Cd drive.    So I had to buy an external Cd player. Which just died.    Now I have to go the store and buy a new external Cd player, so that I can save images. I back up everything on two external drives, the Cloud, and Cds.     Apple Fucked Up. And now I'm remembering that Asshole sneering at me for asking about an external Cd player.    "You Idiot. The computer has its own Cd drive. How could you not Know that? Are you retarded?"    There. I just used a word that Twitter would've put it me in time out for using.    All these years later, Apple went back to the days of my first computer.     Progress!    Leftists think that Ruination is progress. I bought my first computer in 1999. Apple has steadily rendered the iMac less and less user friendly. Nothing makes sense anymore. They want you to go through mazes, like a mouse in an experiment.    It's the leftist obsession with control. The 2015 iMac is the worst computer I've ever owned. And all the software is shit. I use Photoshop to fix images that I hope to use in books. Last night I could Not Get Photoshop to let me finish my Russian grenadier.    When you make photocollages, you have to copy and paste. Photoshop was somehow copying from an image I had thrown away. The image was in the trash can. So I was getting photo sections that I hadn't copied, And the software would not let me clean up the final product with the cloning tool.    So I had to Export the image from my desktop to.my desktop. Only Then was I able to finish it. Exporting the image cured the dementia of the computer and Photoshop.    These companies are all run by leftists. And leftists worship decay.    Now excuse me as I go out and buy an external Cd player, because Apple Eliminated the Cd drive in the iMac for no reason other than to fuck with everybody's head. 
 	I feel your pain.  Try telling some soyboy in a Verizon store that you just want another flip-phone to replace the one you had.  Actually had one sneer at me and say, "Are you scaaaaaared of smartphone!  They're not that hard, you know."  I complimented him on his sales technique and got my damned flip phone. 
 		Then after Trump won I had to rub it in and invited her into my office to see my redneck screen saver.  
 		Then after Trump won I had to rub it in and invited her into my office to see my redneck screen saver.  
 	Also->   
 		More->     
 		Even More ->      
 		 
 	Funny how you claimed my calls for genociding your whole race and shoving you specifically into a woodchipper (both of which I'm still very much in favor of) were against the Tos and that I'd surely be suspended for them and yet here I am still standing and there you are on a new account lmao 
 	 
 	 
 	 
 	 
  
 		Government Tar Nigger 
 : What was the Democrats' biggest mistake in their scorched-earth opposition to Judge ? Vote & Repost! 
 	I don't think any mistake was made. I think the Jews put on a big show about how we should like Kavanaugh, and about how men and women shouldn't get along, and how Republicans and Democrats can't be civil. And we bought it hook line and sinker. 
 		Soros is a Jew. He has Jewish heritage. He openly talks about his Jewishness and says it is the primary motivation for his philanthropic work.  He isn't a Nazi. That's retarded, and you're retarded for thinking it. 
  
 	Wtf kind of headline is that. 
 		that is a fistful of bint there .Not my type ,put her up for grabs .Night need one of those crane hooks ! 
 		that is a fistful of bint there .Not my type ,put her up for grabs .Night need one of those crane hooks ! 
 They are human beings who have their own citizenship in their own countries.We have Enough freeloaders in this country & we're not going to take in any more! This is a coordinated Invasion by sinister foreign/domestic entities! Turn Them Back & make them Apply For Citizenship the Right Way! Legally! 
 	I see a muzzie 
 I despise feminists for making me mistrust and distance women.   Keep this feminist crap up and the only way conception will occur is immaculately or by test tube.    When did twat become twit. 
 Imagine being a lefty and believing that over all these many decades it's Republicans who've been breaching norms, bending the rules, and fighting by any means necessary. They'll gaslight us too, folks. Prepare accordingly. 
 	I think Jen is retarded or something. 
 So far, we have claims that "explosives" have been sent to:  >Obama  >Soros  >Clinton  >Cnn  >various other Democrats  All right before the Midterm Election.    And we're supposed to believe this? 
 	But the media stations are reporting it in their usual blame game way, while at they same time reporting it at hyper speed! I thought one cunt was going to actually have a melt down! Lol! 
 My best bet on Christine Ford.   Her assault story is real. But it wasn't Brett Kavanaugh and she knows it. So she's using a real story so she can get real tears but was talked into changing the name of the attacker for political reasons and is smart enough to leave out any detail that could possibly be disputed (like date or location) 
 	Honestly, I'm struggling to even believe her story is based in reality.   It still smacks of implanted memories.   People who are susceptible to hypnosis are highly suggestable.    
 		She's a lying cunt 
 Totally Unhinged Dem Senator Hirono on Leftist Mob Violence Against the Gop: "This Is What Happens. when You Look at White Supremacists" (Video).    
 	People with mental illness should not hold any public office,nor positions of authority over others in any part of society. 
 		Yes, retarded & corrupt Liberals thrive on the mental illness problem existing. 
 Yes leave your boots on!   Domino Presley & Robert Axel enjoying each others company! (3of7)                           
 	lol, this nigger likes trannies 
 So interesting that black unemployment in America is at historic lows,  is actually challenging a century of failed Democratic policies for black Americans, and mainstream media shills are losing their already addled minds. Beautiful to behold.  
 		The beginning of the end for .  
 		I would hope so!  but honestly that diversity two pointer on the liberal plantation  , is so far down the list of those who deserve prison or a Noose. 
 		I would hope so!  but honestly that diversity two pointer on the liberal plantation  , is so far down the list of those who deserve prison or a Noose. 
 Three Coppers stabbed in North London last night. No description of the perpetrators, but I'm laying bets on names like Jemal, Leroy Winston, Mohammed.    
 		They called him Tylenol because none of them could pronouncel Acitametaphine. 
 		their vocabulary is limtited to "Bitch". "Hoe". "Mutha Fucka". "Shake Da Booty!".lol 
 		their vocabulary is limtited to "Bitch". "Hoe". "Mutha Fucka". "Shake Da Booty!".lol 
 Ok.  Keep White Knighting for a sand nigger who fucks tons of White women.  You're entitled to your opinion. 
 Tell them that you’re an unhinged member of The Rethithtance and that homeschooling is a better option for them.    Numpty. 
 	well faggot soy boy how about you tell them you are a worthless punk with no skills and you don't deserve to wipe their asses never mind teach them.  Stop Funding To All Public Schools! 
 Samuel L. Jackson rallies Democratic voters: "The world's on fire, let's put it out"      
 		who is Samuel Jackson? 
 			He resides in the world of make believe.It's not the real world. 
 			Whew! Ty 
 			Whew! Ty 
  Damn, this week, Lindsay Graham almost made me start to respect his faggot ass 
 Caught: Unhinged Dem trashes Gop campaign signs before debate   
 	Just another fucking nigger acting badly. This isn't news. 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Our friends just across Lake Ontario have legalized recreational marijuana.    Because apparently Canadians weren't mellow enough.  
 	 
 			E.G.: Michael Phelps, Alex Jones, Joe Rohan, Elon Musk.just to name a few off the top of my head. 
 				 
 			And those people are drooling,unsuccessful, retards? Is that what you are implying? Or you are complimenting them and adding to my argument? 
 			And those people are drooling,unsuccessful, retards? Is that what you are implying? Or you are complimenting them and adding to my argument? 
 		An atheist should have little to say about God, since He doesn't exist. Nellis is one of those wonderful, megachurch "christians" and so he should be held to account for his claims.  
 		An atheist should have little to say about God, since He doesn't exist. Nellis is one of those wonderful, megachurch "christians" and so he should be held to account for his claims.  
 Breaking: Christine Ford's Activist Lawyers Refuse to Turn Over Her Polygraph Results and Therapy Notes  via  
 	In other words. The Cunt is lying. 
 A Black school teacher, Shonterikka Williams, was fried after she told her Asian student to be less chinky & stop doing oriental things.   The Black teacher’s defense: this is the war on black women and she can’t personally be racist to Asians because they are closer to white people in terms of supremacy.   These are the people teaching your kids. 
 	Can't wait for the future to get here. s/   Never-ending tribal warfare. 
 		Nigger deserved to be fired. 
 Google exposed the private data of hundreds of thousands of people and declined to inform the public.   Report:    
 	imagine when you put your business data on their cloud products.  does retard mean anything to ya? 
  is beginning to trend on Twitter, an outright call for violence against a member of the Supreme Court.   But Google and Apple say that Gab isn’t allowed to have an app on the App Store because some posts on Gab contain calls for violence and hate speech. 
 	Fuck the "free market" with a rusty knife - regulate these fuckers to within an inch of their lives to enforce the First Amendment online. 
 		The problem of big tech controlling speech on the internet is already being resolved by the free market. Their censorship is creating all sorts of startups and new tech that is driving facebook, twitter, google, etc. into obsolescence. 
 			You have no clue what you're talking about - Alt Tech is roughly 1/1000th the size of the evil, hateful Big Tech, Big Tech is effectively colluding to prevent Alt Tech from growing, and it's aggressively influencing elections in a way that will end up killing free speech in the Us before Alt Tech has even come halfway to catching up   Fuck your precious free market 
 				" Alt Tech is roughly 1/1000th the size of the evil, hateful Big Tech" Ya, and it's quickly growing while the big tech companies are bleeding out. You're a reactionary child. Public policy will never be built around your temper tantrums. Grow up. Give the gov the job to "protect" speech online and they'll become worse than the tech giants. 
 					I repeat - You have No idea what you're talking about, you're a mindless ideologue, nothing more.   I swear, people on the Right who oppose regulating Big Tech as public utilities because Muh Free Market are as retarded as the people on the Right who still support mass non-white immigration, because Latinos are supposedly natural conservatives. 
 						you're a mindless, reactionary idiot. You're so invested in your dipshit politics that you're blind to what's occurring in the real world around you. 
 						you're a mindless, reactionary idiot. You're so invested in your dipshit politics that you're blind to what's occurring in the real world around you. 
 Let me guess. this nigger is a jew sock puppet.  
 Torba or one of his slaves are free to ban everybody posting loli ecchi, but the backlash from the free speech community won't like it. Banning content that is Legal for Moral reasons? Banning loli hentai at least had a [weak] legal excuse and sparked backlash but loli ecchi? It would be disastrous for Gab's "free speech" claims. So go on, do it - kill Gab. 
 	(8) child pornography means any visual depiction, including any photograph, film, video, picture, or computer or computer-generated image or picture, whether made or produced by electronic, mechanical, or other means, of sexually explicit conduct, where   
 		bahs, wrong post of yours. you still get the idea. im still trying to figure out what faggot prefers flat chested females over those with giant boobies. seriously. "hmm. post shit with giant delicious titties? nope." 
 Don't let the false flag bomb scare deter you. This is a distraction! Vote on November 6th! 
 	I'm in nigger country, so yes. 
 Lol, Megyn Kelly.   that about says it all. 
 	I didn't know until recently that she used to be a high-powered lawyer.  That blows my mind.  Like if she offered to be my lawyer, I'd be like "no, thanks, I'll take a public defender."  At least ugly Greta comes off as semi-intelligent in the way she speaks.  Megyn is always talking and flaring her nostrils in indignation. 
 		You're a faggot so of course you wouldn't want Megyn as an Attorney. 
 All the white u need is there! Thats the only nigger free place in the world! 
  
 	A Real Nigger Piece Of Shit. 
 Look a pikey cunt 
 You are what you eat!    
 	Humans are meat eaters period ! We are supposed to be meat consumers and balance it with the fruits an d vegetables ! You can not eat meat if you want to, it is America ! But Stop telling me I'm Wrong !  
 		It is retarded when these trolls say "I love bacon" or "I love fried chicken". I loved meat too when I used to eat it, and I Do know what I'm missing, and I DoN'T miss it! Yuck! 
 Never forget that  despises us, our culture and heritage. Cucks keep shilling for her. They learned nothing from summer 2015 and the 2016 election cycle. 
 	This cunt disagreed with Trump pulling out of the Un migrant pact. In other words she wanted the Un to force America to accept filthy muslims.  Look it up. 
 Whether Fiendstein'S Leak Will Be Investigated Depends. 
 	one, hateful, racist, jew cunt 
 Gina Miller has compared Brexiteers to terrorists, urging the public to reject Brexit ahead of a protest march this weekend against the Uk’s departure from the Eu.   people wanting a democratic vote upheld are now terrorists! from day one of the campaign we got constantly told a vote for out is a vote to leave every thing.   two years later and the tantrums are still going on and rhetoric like miller spouts is deliberately divisive and inflammatory.  why is a unelected, failed business bint pontificating on what is best for a country she hates!         
 Gina Miller has compared Brexiteers to terrorists, urging the public to reject Brexit ahead of a protest march this weekend against the Uk’s departure from the Eu.   people wanting a democratic vote upheld are now terrorists! from day one of the campaign we got constantly told a vote for out is a vote to leave every thing.   two years later and the tantrums are still going on and rhetoric like miller spouts is deliberately divisive and inflammatory.  why is a unelected, failed business bint pontificating on what is best for a country she hates!         
 Fellow white women, have a heart.  Give your guns, your income, and your freedom to me.   If you don’t, you are too far gone. 
 	retarded bitch 
 Lets send them all! 
 	I like it. Its a good plan. Start with wolf blister and that other faggot 
 Recent Mail-Bomb Threats.   Whoever is sending these bombs has got to be fucking crazy!   1. They are retarded if they think they will ever reach the targets!   2. Innocents are Far more likely to be hurt!   3. Politically, it's obvious, the assholes want to blame Trump Supporters for it!   Crazy Bastards! 
 Trump "Saudis Did The Worst Cover Up Ever!"   President Trump To Send Cia Experts To Saudi Arabia To Teach The Saudis How To Assassinate And Cover Up Operations In The Best Possible Taste.   (For Example Syrian Chemical Weapons Attack False Flag Ops)    
 	I’m sticking by my original assertion: this is designed by the left to return prince alwaleed dopey to power but trump will use it to force mbs to erase dopey instead. 
 		It Is A Bit Odd The Journo Was A Bit Of A Twat As Muslims Go, At Least That's What I Understand. 
 The polling numbers for Ellison must really be in the tank for the Dems to ask for an investigation into their Attorney General candidate's domestic abuse allegations.  One has to wonder if the Minneapolis Police Union will be conducting the investigation for them or ?    
 	niggers want to get away with murder. justice would just be another act of Racism.  nothing worse than a smirking nigger getting away with murder! 
 This cunt cucked her own children. We need to keep this cunt far away from Scotus! 
 On optics: The only White Nationalists who'll meet the standard of "ottica immacolata" are those who'll never be seen. Perhaps that is the goal. This is the result.    
 	nigger on the run 
 Portland Antifa Violence Against Senior Citizens    
 	What The Fuk Is Wrong With Portland Police?    Man my blood is boiling. They try that with me it’s a whole different ending. Did you see that cop on the motorcycle hiding?    Someone Tweet this to Portland Police Dept    Fukn shameful Cowards 
 		Mayor orders chief to stand down. Men with families and jobs or sniveliing commie cunt cowards follow suit. Dark times 
 	we are at war with the liberals, don't go any where alone, stay armed. 
 	we are at war with the liberals, don't go any where alone, stay armed. 
 	Rube Goldberg machine and quiet on purpose.Jump Goy Jump!  I'm rooting for ya bud good luck out there 
 Old news dopey cunt 
 So many folks within the struggle adopting the kike newspeak term "gay". It is either faggot (elegant metaphor) or homosexual (in polite circles). "Gay" is kike newspeak designed to confuse the masses on the subject. Rescue terms from the memory hole!   
 The only way to fix Chicago is to eliminate the nigger & spic infestations along with the kikes.  
 	Probably because most White men are beginning to have a racial awakening and her nigger nose pops right out. "If my jimmy hat breaks I'll have a 56%er with a nig nose I have to pay child support for."  
 Prince Harry and Megan Merkel are having a baby and it's going to be beautiful.    
 		Were fine, Id ask whats wrong with you but I already know, Jewish communist subversion. Racemixing is supposed to provoke revilement, when whites mix they cease to exist. Not only that, you want some fucking Nigger to rule over the British people? That would provoke a war in any other time period. 
 feminism is the biggest crock of shit to ever surface in terms of retarded ideology. its like if a vegan were to compromise on the sourcing of their food, well its vegetables but people and animals had to suffer to make it. so we hear griping and moaning about the patriarchy, via channels and tech the patriarchy predominantly built, do you see the problem here? 
 I read the synopsis.  It's like "we've elected shitty lib fags and we are going to hit an iceberg of super Sjw fag and sink" or something.  But it doesn't make any sense or even address the core of the problem.  We didn't elect Sjw fags, we elected people controlled by Jews because the media (Jews) tells us who to vote for.  It's like retard tier stuff. 
 Extremely rare white ravens 
 	I wonder if they feel any sense of superiority to the black nigger ravens?  
 	My theory is this was the impetus for white kids taking up skateboarding 
 		Because skateboard physics allow skaters to bypass street hassles (read confrontations with niggers) very easily.  
 				Yes, in dense urban areas the type of black that spends the better part of each day harassing random white people on the sidewalk doesn't pay much attention to the skateboarder going by out in the street, and even if he did the skater can out distance him pretty easily 
 					They're cowards always attacking in groups. 
 					They're cowards always attacking in groups. 
 Maxine Waters Calls On Trump To ‘Take RESPOnSIBILITY’ For Bombs   
 	shut up terrorist nigger 
 President Trump’s Texas Rally Reportedly Had Around Eight Times As Many People As Obama’s Rally On The Same Day      
 	ovomit the half nigger total faggot muzzie attracted a few faggots, muzzies and lezzies to his "rally" 
 How To Advance in Leagues in Cunt Wars  Read and learn:               
 Keep digging that retarded faggot hole deeper and deeper. Dig deep enough you might find your parent's moral standards. 
 	In the end the purpose of those books is to be quoted in the future as a source to why you should accept infinity immigrants because nobody actually reads to check what it says. 
 		Precisely, and precisely why it must be mocked into oblivion. 
 		Precisely, and precisely why it must be mocked into oblivion. 
 	that badically sums it up right thar 
 	that badically sums it up right thar 
 Here’s a list of a few famous American Conservatives who don’t know that the Republicans and the Democrats were reversed in 1860, and that Abraham Lincoln and the Union were Liberals and that Jefferson Davis and the Confederacy were Conservatives: President Trump, Rush Limbaugh, Sarah Palin, Sean Hannity, Nikki Haley, Glenn Beck, Dinesh D’Souza. There are many others! The truth is that the Confederates were Conservatives fighting for the Constitution, the Yankees were Liberals fighting against it. Get the facts at Sea Raven Press: Conservative Books, Real History! www.SeaRavenPress.com 
 	Ideology is ideology, retarded liberals have always worshipped satan, nothing has changed, another retard liberal meme falls flat. 
 i have never met anyone to say otherwise that isnt a faggot  
 In January, it's going to be funny seeing Pelosi ousted as the minority leader when the democrats fuck up so badly she will be removed. That dumb bitch is done, she'll never see any power ever again. I hope she shoots herself in the head when it happens. 
 	Death is too good for this raving cunt . 
  only exist as abusable labor for rich  .    
 	Whutta faggot  
 A 2 Week Old Baby Is In A Belfast Hospital After A Sexual Assault. 25 year old arrested for rape. How could there be such depravity & wickedness?    
 		Could be a relation, that is the other reason for with holding names if they have the same name. 
 		I know  the town where this happened well.  My money is on a relation.  It will not be a migrant as many are assuming 
 		Father who else gets near a baby so young. 
 		I know it but last there very early 80's. 
 		 Annalong hasn't changed  
 		 Annalong hasn't changed  
 Ex-Cia chief Brennan: Saudi denials of involvement in Khashoggi disappearance "very much ring hollow"      
 	he's a muzzie convert. the worst kind 
 Audioleaks including the famous egg incident with Mason. Political commentator  has been thru a lot   Part 1      Part 2      Part 3       Part 4       Part 5    
 		Well put, sir 
 		Well put, sir 
 	Oy vey! Soros was 14 when the war ended, and the rest is questionable.    
 		So, you’re really this stupid?  Lmfao!  I’ve never witnessed this kind of stupidity in person, sure on Gab, but like really, I was in Harrison Arkansas today and didn’t even witness this kind of stupidity! Lolololololol 
 			I acknowledge, your stupidiy surpasses mine by Miles!  And I Mean that, congratulations.  Tell your mother/sister I said hello! 
 				You can’t learn it pal, it’s down to inbreeding, blame your parents      
 					Yes, I get it!  Your mother and sister and daughter are the same.  I saw a show on Tv about it once, sad.  Maybe you should just kill yourself and ease the pain. 
 						Lol, your 3rd grade education is impressive, to your mother.  Dumbass 
 								Yeah, because you bring Such  a compelling argument to Gab!  Lol, that's Why you are dumb and we All laugh At you. 
 																		^this guy here: "hey fellow Goyim, I'm a redneck and hang out with skinheads, I'm totally not a Jew" 
 Violent and deranged leftist threatens Sen. Susan Collins 
 	I like  's suggestion that these people need to receive return threats. 
 		Never threaten. If you carry through, then your enemy is forewarned. If you back out, you look weak.   Seek your enemies in silence. 
 			I believe his threats were conditional or vague, i.e. come at me and I'll shoot you. (I'd be willing to follow through on that), or simply saying, "i've got your address now."   Gotta be smart about it. Just let them know in no uncertain terms you won't be cowed, and you're ready to bring force. 
 				I deal with this segment of the public frequently and this is one of their favorite games. A smile and a "bless your heart" is usually enough to take the wind out of their sails. Let them know you don't take them seriously and they go back to sulking pretty quickly.   I am not going to lower myself to their level. 
 					I'm sure that works with some. But we're past the point where it works for a lot of them. We're dealing with fanatics. 
 						Oh I stay alert and I do Ccw, but honestly it would almost be like beating up on retarded children to confront them. Why stoop to that level? Besides, there might be some in that group who can be reasoned  with. Painting everyone who doesn't believe as I do with the same brush would be playing the lefts game. Good people are everywhere.  
 							It's not a matter of "stooping;" that puts too much weight on the idea that there is a standard to which we are both subject.    If a person is threatening you, it is past time for dialogue. The idea is to put them off enough to give them a thought before they attack you. 
 							It's not a matter of "stooping;" that puts too much weight on the idea that there is a standard to which we are both subject.    If a person is threatening you, it is past time for dialogue. The idea is to put them off enough to give them a thought before they attack you. 
 Lmao! 
 	Holy shit, these people are fucking crazy.  I didn’t even get the notice, I am sad. but not bitching.  SHe is so lucky to have  contact her directly. 
 		another retarded feminazi 
 	Mb, you are willing to take a bullet for a anti-Western, card-carrying globalist? Srsly? 
 		His cultural impact is so ridiculously vast, and so ridiculously positive for western individualism, biological essentialism, and meritocracy, I can only assume these upvotes are just annoyed he didn't go further, or you are functionally retarded and don't actually understand his message or haven't actually consumed his work. 
 I smell the next nigger death 
 Rt :    Watch This Animal: Antifa protester tells 9/11 Nypd widow "Your Husband Should Fuc*Ing Rot In The Grave"; Occured in downtown Portland, Oregon    
 	Pdx White Nigger Rally. Afterwards they smoke pot and suck each other off!  
 	Yet President Trump is creating jobs, cutting taxes, and standing up for America. And what are you doing? That's right. Whining like a jealous little cunt of zero significance to anyone. You're a nobody and that's apropos because nobody gives a shit about what you have to say. Bye bitch. 
 		you are a complete and utter retard if you think that. The economy was booming Years before trump. Every economic indicator proves that. He cut taxes for the Rich and he is destroying the middle class with his trade wars. You people are so profoundly stupid it’s sickening. 
 		you are a complete and utter retard if you think that. The economy was booming Years before trump. Every economic indicator proves that. He cut taxes for the Rich and he is destroying the middle class with his trade wars. You people are so profoundly stupid it’s sickening. 
 	 
 	 
 I figure Faggots like   must Love tranny cock or else they wouldn't post so many gifs   What I don't get is why you Faggots go thru the trouble of tagging so many people with this shit   I for one do Not want to see this Faggot Shit   What ever   I just Muted & Reported you for Spamming   Same as I have for the Previous Faggots that's done same thing 
 Greg, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 I also get the homos asking for your address, faggot ;)  You too Wienner Lol 
 Various medieval shame masks (also known as  Schandmaskes). 
 		no pasta nigger   
 Caravan Activists Are Weaponizing Poor Central Americans | The Daily Signal    
 		Maggot Mueller Will Do Nothing But Continue To Investigate Russian Conspiracy  
 		B. the answer is B 
 		B. the answer is B 
 	Lol That's porbably her mate. Lots of weird types on here. 
 	Lol That's porbably her mate. Lots of weird types on here. 
 What's up with all the hashtags? You just learn to use them or something? I know I'm probably expecting a lot, but you ever consider maybe mimicking normal people and their posts? I know the low Iq hinders the nigger race, but surely you can try.  
 Preparing for Christmas. Making a wish. But since there is no Santa we must provide our own gift - meaning we Must Fight For It! So get off the keyboard and Fight! Death To The Nigger - Gypsy - Muslims-Indian hoards! 
 I never attack anyone unless they attack first.  But I make damn sure I  shove them down the shithole where they belong.  They are always so retarded and stunned they are intellectually unable to respond. Because, when you are retarded, how would you know?  I like to make sure their mind remains in the gutter where they belong! 
 Are people actually going to vote for the liar traitor camel harris?  
 	Just retarded pussy hats.  
 This comes up in psychology over and over again. High Iq people can't relate to the masses for many reasons, but a big one being the masses have not connected the dots nor have an innate thirst for knowledge so there is very little to relate on.      seeks those who aim rise above. We aren't recruiting the lowest common denominator.    
 	It's not because higher Iq people have "evolved" past the need for social relationships, it's because they are often a source of constant energy drain and frustration.   
 		Only people who self-identify as low-Iq find the need to disparage intelligence. You see a Lot of ineptitude among people taking things Personally that were not about them in particular in the right these days.     We can and should do better. We should have standards and encourage striving for growth. 
 				This is why the  is not an acceptable racial advancement movement. We can and should do better.      
 					The icing on the cake: Heavy, heavy Catholic area. 
 						Catlicks 
 					>purge uncompliant men  > is the only true right 
 				 this has been a problem I’ve been seeing too. Multi-faucets of problems keep them back, I’m still waging how to reach them. 
 				 this has been a problem I’ve been seeing too. Multi-faucets of problems keep them back, I’m still waging how to reach them. 
  
 	mixing races improves genetic resilience to diseases and is generally really good for the gene pool.   this dumb cunt is a real heavy poster. 
 		This is my baby girl & my mix with races. Christina can say what she wants but she'll never beat the looks that my child has.   
 			fuck yeah 
 		What planet are you from? 
 			earth. prettty sure anyway. 
 			earth. prettty sure anyway. 
 Pipe Bomber Suspect pictured last year with Izzy Hernandez. Sayok does not appear destitute. In addition, why would a Trump enthusiast attend a banquet and have a photo Op with a Democrat Donor/Supporter? 
 	Saleeeeeeeeeeeazy! 
 		Exactly they trying to put Dat dirty ass faggot jizz on yo Beek wit those Lil  clocks that squirt in minute and now they got 4kids  
 why we voted Trump      
 		im still not muted ? your slow son! the blow back could put a eye out you chettoes dick faggot  
 Tommy  You're still getting lots of twats calling you a racist on Twitter. Yet they can't post a single genuinely racist comment you've ever made.   If we collect their names and screenshots do you fancy suing them for slander? Maybe take their houses and donate them to the homeless? I'm sure the Left would appreciate that noble gesture ;) 
 	Stop sucking the dwarfs cock. I've already handed you your arse on this paedo. 
 		Haha Mention Tommy and this filthy lazy Islamo-Marxist appears. Still anonymous because he doesn't want to get sued for slander lol 
 			You upset because i handed you your arse over your claims Tommy isn't racist? The reason he never sues for slander is because he knows he's a racist. 
 				True Brit. More like dipshit. 
 					This twat is not a true Brit. He's an Islamo-Marxist. Regularly comes to me to get harrassed lol 
 Jerry Wolkowitz, a freelance photographer, reporter, writer and first aid volunteer was brutally beaten, assaulted & run over with his own car because he was ‘white’. Remained in coma for 6 months & passed away today. Rip     
 		You're a fucking idiot. Did I say "All" Dumbfuck? Did I even say he was? No.   But like a typical fucking know it all cunt you have zero reading comprehension.  I said I reserve sympathy until I Know he wasn't just another white hating pos.  Be Smarter 
 Terrifying moment French schoolboy, 15, 'points a gun at his teacher and shouts: "Put your head down!" as if he was about to execute her - then claims it was a Joke'    
 		i wonder if they will wake up in time?  
 		i wonder if they will wake up in time?  
  
 	No purple hair, no nose rings, no screeching retarded landwhales. am I in Heaven? 
 I wouldn't be caught dead with one of those retarded looking hats on my head. 
 Catalogue:  0203   article:  
 		The smear is all the con artists of the inbred retard elite pervert eurotrash union can muster anymore.  
 		The smear is all the con artists of the inbred retard elite pervert eurotrash union can muster anymore.  
 Thousands of Swedes are getting microchip IDs inserted into their hands to swipe into homes, offices, concerts and even to access social media    
 	The real reason is that they hope they will be identified after a muzzie kills them and then sets them on fire. 
 Herschel Walker calls for Cnn to fire Don Lemon over ‘racist’ Kanye West criticism    
 	The little faggot with his.need of Depends!  Or maybe they did buy him his own jet airplane!   
 saw this on Reddit 
 	This is such a terrible boomer meme. Merkel is a communist. National Socialism fights communism. Jfc I can’t.   wtf!  
 		qtards think hitlers sperm was frozen and later used to spawn merkel  
 			nazi inbreeds like you are not even aware of what Trump declassified last year-that hitler fled like a pussy boy to south america, 
 				you simply cannot help Qtards 
 					really ? wow you are stupid.an official declassification last year.go smoke some more crack or meth and get back to fucking your mother 
 						"dipshit".funny, your faggot fuhrer ran like the one balled pussy boy he was after he ordered his minions to destroy Germany. you cant handle it so you delude yourself.good luck in life, fuck boi 
 There is a Nigger in the Church! 
  
 	put this type of shit on facebook, Not Gab. 
 		Retard muted 
 	If there is one thing i hate as much as zionist its nazi scum . Mentally retarded boy raping queers ! Anyone who can be a nazi is a liberal queer degenerate ! 
 In a sleepy little town just south of Carrollton, Georgia there lies a trail in the woods that few have dared to walk. Most Run For Their Lives! Camp Blood has been scaring the "Yell" outta folks for 26 years with it's version of redneck humor and horror 
 	And I survived.  
 	It should be its *sigh*    I copied and pasted from their site lol 
 	We took all the young kids on a hay ride at a family reunion in South Ga  years ago in October. My cousin took the chain off a chain saw fired it up and chased the trailer being towered by a tractor with it while wearing a hockey mask. Pretty sure one of the younger kids wet himself. 
 	Rednecks and Halloween: so much of it is simply real.   
 	Rednecks and Halloween: so much of it is simply real.   
 		Disgusting backward cunt sub-species, they should have all their smelly putrid dicks cut off! Just be done with them!  
 Took my teenage daughter to see her favourite Mexican pop group last night.   The Spic Girls. 
 What the hell didn't he do for them, not put a menorah on top of the Wh?   Poll finds Jewish voters dislike Trump, like Obama and plan to vote Democratic in midterms     
 	lol, only low iq dumb asses believe these polls. wake the fuck up and knock it off with the stupidity.  
 		go fuck yourself raghead 
 Washington state OKs $19.3M settlement for foster child left blind, quadriplegic after beating  
 	Terrible case. Htf can anyone assault an 18 month old defenceless child to this point? I hope the cunt gets thrown in a prison where they hate child abusers. 
 This should be encouraged. 
 	Not that most of them really had any brains to blow out from the beginning, might have been the reason why they became so retarded. Would love to see Cher blow her own brains out, or at least attempt to. At the very least she can piss off to Canada like she promised, not like this mouthpieced cunt would keep any such promise.  
 I feel so satisfied that I don't even think I need to continue this. The media has grabbed hold of this entire thing, so what am I needed for? Just censor loli ecchi and/or ban me & I will leave along with Gab's credibility. I am a little cocksucker, huh? Torba made this worse by throwing "pedophile" around & making false "babies and toddlers being raped" claims. 
 	pedo faggot 
 		i can report you for threatening  me with physical harm  
 				pls shut up you violent person.  
 								pls relax urself buddy-boyo and stop being triggered  
 									Oh, you'll know what triggered really means. one of these days soon.  Bring Your War, faggot. 
 if these fuckers dont scare the shit out of you, check your pulse. 
 	seems to me that shitty cunts with attitudes are worse than even a retard with a loaded gun, so maybe we should arrest all unhinged democrats, we have that list as well. 
 	seems to me that shitty cunts with attitudes are worse than even a retard with a loaded gun, so maybe we should arrest all unhinged democrats, we have that list as well. 
 Deal with the now . the nigger is the gone.  
 Sharia Law Scholar Defends M&S School Headscarves, Some Nine-Year-Olds ‘Mature’    
 	String that cunt up by her rag! And surname Bone? Sounds like a dumb arse member of the indigenous population married it!  
 	String that cunt up by her rag! And surname Bone? Sounds like a dumb arse member of the indigenous population married it!  
 Fled his war torn land, leaving his women&children behind, traveled thousands miles to the land of milk & honey in order to   Show his dick to, and punch, a 90 year old white woman-Its what allah would have wanted    
 	Kill this nigger 
 Might as well care about the draft picks in the nigger football league 
 German teenage girl called ‘Nazi’ for reading poem about migrant violence  Her house vandalised as well   During a Poetry Slam in Speyer, Ida-Marie Müller a 14-year-old girl dared to ridicule the welcome culture of the left and denounce refugee rapists all in one.    
 	She is a bonafide hero. 
 		Sounds like if I lived in that country I'd need an electric fence round my property. 
 			Bit of a problem there, I never had kids, didn't get that far.  I had a controlling cunt for a mother who could never accept I was even old enough to have a girlfriend - so glad she's dead, she ruined my life. 
 Remember the Bundy Ranch types who turned out to be mostly Fbi informants? I forget the details, but at trial it turned out half the people involved were feds.   It is my assumption that all extreme Jq'ers and Hitler fans on-line are feds, either officially or unofficially. 
 	Some of the jerks who call everyone who disagrees a Jew might be agents who are trying to disrupt us, but it would take a real retard to discuss illegal actions on line. So, anyone who does that highly suspect. 
 	Feel like there is a noose around your scrawny neck? Better late than never. 
 		I do not think there is a statue of limitations on treason. Yep, those 2 are way past due for becoming windchimes. 
 	no one is forcing her to stay , chances are,  there'd be a line of people wanting to help her pack ,should she decide to leave  
 	no one is forcing her to stay , chances are,  there'd be a line of people wanting to help her pack ,should she decide to leave  
  
 	Lol See! This shit Triggers some little bitch slut faggot liberals! 
 Not Funny:  Chelsea Handler targets Republican senator on 'Coming Out Day'.  
 	She is such a fucking cunt as far as I am concerned Chelsea handler and the rest of the pedophile elite in Hollywood can burn in a never-ending Lake of sulphur in hell because that's where they belong 
 >The testimony Is the evidence.  >You may still be innocent, but you still don't "deserve" a Supreme Court seat.     Actually believe this. There's just. there's so much wrong here. I've rarely seen anything so spectacularly wrongheaded laid out so plainly, by someone with no awareness.    We need to start teaching real civics and real American history in school again (and not this guilt-ridden, Marxist, "Oh, white men are evil colonizers" Bs). These mush-brained morons shouldn't be allowed to vote as is, if this is the tripe their minds are producing.    Testimonies Are Never considered evidence in and of themselves. Evidence is evidence. A testimony can either be Supported or Refuted by evidence. You know what you get when you treat testimonies as evidence?    You get Joseph locked in prison for years, for rejecting Potiphar's wife's advances. You get lynch mobs and To Kill a Mockingbird.    , my foot. You don't suddenly get to avoid questioning and cross examination simply because you're the owner of a vagina.    Btw, this moron's tag is  on twitter, if you want to counter this cancerous idiocy before it spreads further. I'd do it myself, but my tweets were too powerful for Twitter to contain - reaching literally millions at any given time - so naturally they banned me months ago. 
 	About as retarded as they come 
 Trumptards don’t cry they regroup and arm up. As a trumptard I will gladly become a two time trumptard. Maga! 
 		A maga profile with 666.you can't get any better.  
 		Lol I still love you and want the best for you despite our differing opinion. This is the true difference between you and I my misguided son. 
 			>says misguided   >revoting for a piece of shit israeli shill that has met 0 campaign promises   lol. 
 			>says misguided   >revoting for a piece of shit israeli shill that has met 0 campaign promises   lol. 
 I see one of your retarded fucking monkeys shot some unarmed Jews in church . like the little Nazi Nigger he was.   If you monkeys want to attack someone . come attack me, or at least someone armed.    Attacking unarmed people is what little bitch Niggers, like you, do. 
 Drudge is a faggot Jew, right? 
 	No, actually you kinda seem like a bitter lonely man.  I don't care about your opinion, respectfully.  Please don't follow me, don't know why you want to.if you message me or follow me again I'll just mute / block your account.  Thanks. Goodbye. 
 		You have a safespace already, Feminist. It’s called Twitter 
 			Is this really how our men should be spending their time.  My safe space is Gab. You're pretty creepy and obsessive.  This conversation is over lol, stop stalking me. 
 				Paganism has a feminist problem, and just as in greater Western society, the corrupted out of control females are damseling, making falelse accusations and being hysterical when shown logic and reason.    Paganism is riddled with SJWs, therefore  
 					You heard it here first folks lol.  Please stop messaging my account. Thanks. 
 						Truth speakers and honest Christians are often slandered and hated. Used to it.  
 							We Know The Real Reason Why You Are Hated 
 								It’s not that whites are the real Jews, it’s that jews are not the true Israelites.  
 									Well the half breed jews are a mutt mixture ,so their not white ,and White People are not Sand nigger israelites  that the jews are mixed with  
 If you want the best for your son, stay with his dad.     Every other weekend won't cut it.      
 				And that has what to do with this discussion?   Also, what does that have to do with a man choosing a bad woman to have children with? 
 					This site is loaded with pathological Aspie males who obsessively hate their father as if their Mommy can do no wrong.  Are you seriously asking what that has to do with their judgement of other fathers forced to disown their own brainwashed kids? 
 					This site is loaded with pathological Aspie males who obsessively hate their father as if their Mommy can do no wrong.  Are you seriously asking what that has to do with their judgement of other fathers forced to disown their own brainwashed kids? 
 Every other little house in Los Angeles Is A Nigger Church ,complete with a Cadillac outside  
 did you ever meet your dad?    Lol of course you didn't your nigger dad up and left before you were a spark in the cosmos.    and now you are jealous and angry Now, get back on your meds and do the world a favour. 
 Report: Emily Ratajkowski Arrested At Kavanaugh Protest  
 		Some cunt 
 Brits Who Is THIs Metropolitan Police Officer?   Name Him Please        
 	Isn't it obvious that non-violent protests don't work?   The only reason the Edl were able to put the Muslim rape gangs on the national agenda was because in the first two years that Edl existed (2009-2010), multiple demonstrations descended into riots (Stoke, Manchester, Dudley).   It was the fear of the elite that a movement of thousands of hard men was growing, men who would smash up towns and smash up the police.  That fear meant that the police decided to end their 35 years of facilitating the rape gangs.  If the Edl had not been a violent threat, then there'd still be no prosecutions of those rape gangs.  The Muslim Council of Britain (representing 500 mosques) would still say "it's a racist myth", as they were saying in 2010.   The Bnp tried the civilised route (political meetings, pamphlets, manifestos) to try and draw attention to the rape gangs.  It achieved nothing.  If Britain was a democracy instead of an oligarchy, the Bnp might have been able to bring about change through the ballot box.    Muslims keep winning because they are prepared to kill and be killed.  The Ira are on the verge of getting a united Ireland, simply because people fear a return of terrorism from them.  In the same way, Britain will continue to cede ground to Muslims.     As Pompei the Great said: "don't quote your laws at us, we have swords". 
 		Do you see the police clubbing these aggressive invaders the way they club the indigenous elderly Brits?   
 			No matter how violently Muslims or Leftists behave, the Quisling media gaslight the public into thinking that they are peaceful and it's everyone else who is violent.   Orwell showed you this working.  War is Peace. All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.     The gaslighting is so pervasive that they can even teach Animal Farm and 1984 in schools, and most people don't get it. 
 				When the Edl leadership gave up their balaclavas, they were identified, isolated, and all of them were ham-strung by the courts.  Edl attempted to become a non-violent force.  The police (with hard-hats and riot shields) would form a circle around an Edl protest, and imprison the non-violent people inside this circle for hours, meanwhile permitting the Muslim thugs and their Leftist allies to hurl bricks and bottles into the circle. 
 					the edl, lol. a bunch of retarded fuckwits plied with cheap lager and cocaine   
  With 100  courts and 423 new   is more  than many  countries         
 	One bright spot. since the muzzie invasion/conversions certainly put a halt to catholic/protestant frictions from the past. 
 Lol. Apple.   Apple Now Bricks MacBook Pros to Prevent Third-Party Repair    
 		And they just keep buying! Cult of idiots. Fuck 'em. 
 		And they just keep buying! Cult of idiots. Fuck 'em. 
 Virtue signalling is the cover for evil. In every single case.  Remember that next time you see someone virtue signalling. Start to dig into their character and their past.  Their true nature won't be very well hidden. 
 	Leftists are a pure satanic cult complete with satanic blood human sacrifice!  They are all brainwashed retarded monkey brains and are useful idiots for the satanic Jew Pigs! 
 I'm jealous of people over the age of 40. You dont have to date brainwashed millenial women. 
 	Date women in church. 
 		Its funny I was never into politics for forever but thinking back 90% of my exs were libs.  They didn't know it either at the time. I always shame them and explain why they are retarded and backwards whenever I meet a lib, even back in the day. Every now and then one can deal with my criticisms and we reach a consensus and we're cool. 
 	Yes pretty pathetic the level of ignorance you find here. 
 	Yes pretty pathetic the level of ignorance you find here. 
 .0009765% . with a high likelyhood of these genes being native American -   Doesn't fucking count   Maybe 6 to 10 generations back . and you got special privileges?    End Affirmative Action Now . It is a Joke -  
 			That would explain much, never thought about it though.  
 			That would explain much, never thought about it though.  
 Oh’ I see. your pussy ass tried it Once. what will you and your dick suckin buddies do next? Sit it out. you faggot big mouths love to spout off.all talk no action. when your balls drop, maybe you’ll get it. fucking degenerate. 
 Never forget just how much these people hate you and want to see you suffer. 
 	That Fair cunt can be first on the . When we come into our country, people, it's gotta be Strike Hard, like the Chinese do. 
 No Actually,Until 2 Years Ago I'd Never Typed A Text,Until 5 months Ago I'd Never Been On Any Social Media,I Served My Country For Long Time,I Never Had To Do Faggot Typing,I Capitalize Every Word To Self Check My Spelling,You'll Probably Ignore,But,Why Do All Of You Read The 3 month Old Post & Not See The Sarcasm,Is Everyone Dyslexic Or Retarded ? 
 	.Talk about peer pressure.  what if someone don't want to pledge allegiance with the phrase "One Nation under God?"  if they don't call on their creator by that title?   
 		You Are In  The Wrong Country! 
 			.@CajunTexan - get the fuck out of Texas you piece of shit. nobody named you a nazi fascist King & Emperor over people's lives or beliefs!  the word or title of God is a false deity based on ancient deceptions and your fell for it along withmany others!   
 					.You look like a blond female singer from an old band named Abba.  
 						Don’t hate me    ‘Cause I’m Beautiful!    
 								Just like a lefty,   accusing others,   of   what You are guilty of!   Take care of those   stretch marks around your mouth! 
 								C’mn Kmart, give us a special, turn on your blue light Bro! 
 blacks want to spread their filthy, shitty inferior genetics on to the rest of the country so they can get revenge and  Ruin.Destroy It with the nigger plague! 
 One of Christine Blasey Ford’s former boyfriends just dropped a bomb on the investigation, proving that she lied about nearly every part of her testimony. 
 	I want to know where that $900k+ she received came from.  I doubt very much the majority of it came from concerned dog moms and cat ladies.  
 		Cunt hiLIARy of course No worries though. hiLIARy won't be around much longer.  
 She wants to be believed. This non binary retard is perpetuating scenarios now and she's previously claimed that she's not a woman. So, the cat is out of the bag, dude! Selective gendering isn't going to help you, bro! 
 Voice of Europe :   Muslim politician in Sweden asked to resign after it's exposed that he wants to kill the leaders of the Us and Israel    
 	Typical muzzie 
 	He definitely has aids now! 
 		Or a nasty case of Necrotizing Fasciitis (Flesh-Eating Disease)! This is a new 3rd world nigger disease brought to Everyone by jew Diversity!   
 Nyc birth certificates to offer third gender category -  
 	Male Female Retard 
 "A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another." - John 13:34  
 		Senator Collins from Maine called me a faggot  
  
 	a dumb nigger and liberal, double trouble.   
 Lol! So. I had to check out Tom Hank’s son, White Chocolate, rapping. I am not going to be able to watch this entire video I can tell already, but I had to come share it. I love how they sprayed the ground all wet for him, but only where he was Ha! It only rained right where he was standing apparently. Wow, this is. eeeee.  
 	Another crack head Wigger thinking he's a hoodrat. 
 	Be disconnected from reality, y'all 
 			What if I don't? You're gonna call the cops? 
 					I'd rather take the mute trophy. 
 							Well it sure isn't a black or a white thing. 
 								See? There are things we can agree on. Don't chimp out on my timeline. If you have a question or a point, make it. I'll treat you like a man if you act like one. 
 							Haha. We might on the way back! We have some big trucks that go fast and don’t stop tho.  
 actually, I Do. I've been interrogated by the Fbi as well as the secret service. You see fuck boy, I've been at the front lines before while you were still playing finger the asshole with your nigger neighbor.  
 Judge Sarah Munro let plod off with an absolute discharge for wrecking a shop (his drink was spiked except toxicology proved he lied) one wonders where Judge Munro the cunt lives? 
  
 	Or maybe after 60 years it's nice to see a president doing what he promised. But yeah, keep screaming Jew at everything  
 		No wall? More lies it's being built as you lie. He's done a shit ton. I agree on Syria, as we should burn all filthy muzzie countries. 
 Now that Pussy Destroyer Kavanaugh has unilaterally legalized Rape in the Us, are you American Gab Bros gonna take advantage of your new right and rape a bitch? 
 	Another libtard outed on Gab. How special. Hey buddy, get over it and grow up. Get a job and get out of Mom's basement. Do something productive with your life. Quit watching the Obama koolaid media (who are Always wrong).  
 		Dude, are you seriously gonna pretend that Kavanaugh isn't about to snap his fingers and instantly kill 50% of the world's womyn?   Get  you rapist! 
 				Kavanaugh is literally gang-raping Ruth Bader Ginsburg (by himself) Right Now! 
 					That old bat wouldn't even remember where her cunt is. I think Justice Kavanaugh is about to dump some major whupass on Deep State criminals and That is what They are afraid of as catlady libtards go shrieking off into the night as the distraction. Boo Fucking Hoo on Feminist idiots. They lost. We won. :-) 
  will be my guest on the Radical Agenda today.     
 	"Johnny Benitez is a Right wing event organizer out of California who Univision has called a Hispanic white supremacist for his support of President Trump"  Hispanic white supremacists are good people. Tan and brown illegal aliens invading our country from Mexico aren't. 
 		No, not "as long as they're legal." Who do you take me for? Some retarded CivNat?  Johnny is not a tan or brown spic. His family legally immigrated to the U.S. from Columbia. Here's his photo. Make up your own mind.   
  
 	send this faggot to his embassy. It's time for him to go back home.   
 	send this faggot to his embassy. It's time for him to go back home.   
 Update: Now Over Two Miles Long! Caravan Swells to Well Over 7,200; Mexico Police Stand Down as Illegal Migrants March to Us  via    Me: Send the military on the border now  about 100 Isis members have already been caught blending into the caravan. How can we know for sure who is attempting to enter? I know I do not need to tell you this but I had to get it off my chest. Time to stop the invasion by any means necessary. 
 	 isn't doing shit about defending our borders. Same old catch and release bullshit! If the  lose their majority in Congress it will be their own damn fault.    
 		All Us Citizens should be allowed to gather at the border, armed, and shoot every wetback who comes near the border.  
  
 		lot of little white depraved teenage cunts in the Us who think it's cool. America is so fucked. 
 Roger Stone debunks Mueller investigation  
 	Roger is a bit of a fashion fop. Note the faggot shirt collar. 
 Alt-right shills for Trump frequently accuse his detractors (i.e. the mentally sane) of having unreasonably high expectations. "You're whining because he hasn't gone full Rahowa!"   Nope. Actually, we would have been fine with basic civic nationalism & populism, at least for the time being.   This orange motherfucker fails Basic tests for competence. 
 	More:   "Hey Trump. Can you not put Goldman Sachs Jews in charge of the Fed?"   "Trump, can you not waste your political capital over a stupid tax bill, again, drafted by Gs Jews?"   "Trump, the Gop is full of traitors. So how about you help us replace them with populists in the primaries? Could you at least praise them on twitter? Please?"   This nigger ain't done Shit. 
 Mundane Matt is fighting with Razorfist on Twitter. I'm sure that's going to go real well for Matt.  
 	Did that worthless fat faggot even see what Razor did to MovieBlob after Chipman tried going after him? 
 	Joachim believes it is possible to be pro-America and a National Socialist, that's all anyone really needs to know about his intellectual acumen.     
 		He was acting like a weak sperg frankly. His position is so retarded that he had to ban the only guy worth listening to not look like a complete idiot anymore 
 ***Breaking*** The suspect’s sketch has just been released 
 		This is the quote appearing on your page: "Since men are neither omniscient nor infallible, they must be free to agree or disagree, to cooperate or to pursue their own independent course, each according to his own rational judgment. Freedom is the fundamental requirement of man’s mind." -Ayn Rand  Regressive leftists have No sense of humor. 
 		This is the quote appearing on your page: "Since men are neither omniscient nor infallible, they must be free to agree or disagree, to cooperate or to pursue their own independent course, each according to his own rational judgment. Freedom is the fundamental requirement of man’s mind." -Ayn Rand  Regressive leftists have No sense of humor. 
 This just in: Nigger woman is the worst driver  
 It depends. If the permit is "shall issue" unless clear reason not to (like being a retard or mentally ill).  It doesn't strike me that states or cities that do "permits" act that way. It is purely intended as an impediment to buying what is your inherent right to own. It is a way for libtard officials to try and deny you your Right to own firearms.  Hell, any state that doesn't do concealed carry should, by federal law and the 2nd Amendment, be required to allow for open carry. They cannot restrict your 1st, 4th, 5th, 6th, etc, Amendments so why should they be allowed to restrict your 2nd? 
 It depends. If the permit is "shall issue" unless clear reason not to (like being a retard or mentally ill).  It doesn't strike me that states or cities that do "permits" act that way. It is purely intended as an impediment to buying what is your inherent right to own. It is a way for libtard officials to try and deny you your Right to own firearms.  Hell, any state that doesn't do concealed carry should, by federal law and the 2nd Amendment, be required to allow for open carry. They cannot restrict your 1st, 4th, 5th, 6th, etc, Amendments so why should they be allowed to restrict your 2nd? 
 'Let down'? Isn't that like when you don't turn up at someone's party?   I think hiding in a locked car with 2 other officers while you're colleague is butchered to death by a knife wielding terrorist goes beyond letting someone down.    
 		Exactly Francis. We want to support and be proud of our police in the Uk, we really do. But they've been subverted and neutered by political correctness via Eu Common Purpose management. We need Pc purged from their ranks and an end to politicised decision making. Finally, arm them all so they can face today's threats, we're in a war. 
 		I've fought a guy with a knife. Got the scar to prove it. Bled like a stuck pig as well. I would unhesitatingly, from bitter experience, state that tackling a Muslim madman with a knife, when you are armed with an iffy taser and joke pepper spray, is Madness & Irresponsible Policy. The official Police line in the Uk should be: "Regrettably, Force Continuum requires escalation to the use of lethal force, due extremely high safety risk to Officers."  (translated, non-Pc? "Shoot the bast*rd.") 
 		There Were Three Of Them Locked In That Car Though, Not Just The Fat Fuck. 
 		Exactly, it could have been 4 on 1 instead of 1 on 1 
 		Exactly, it could have been 4 on 1 instead of 1 on 1 
 Frankie goes to Hollywood - Welcome to the Pleasuredome - Peters Popshow - 1985    
 	faggot 
 Noel Ignatiev   genocidist Noel Ignatiev's anti-white ranting             
 	If this faggot still lives. I certainly want him dead.    
  
 	Lmao, Demons would not associate themselves with either of the retarded political parties operating the Us or the Eu for that matter. 
 Same to you cunt 
 America’s future could look a lot like Rhodesia if we don’t solve our most pressing issues soon.   Demographics is destiny. 
 	Keep Nigger Abortions Free 
  faggot 
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
  
 	Got his Md license out of a crackerjacks box .i see !  I seriously fear for any patient this twat Md treats ! 
 "Attracks", good to see Bloomberg's crack editorial team is on the case   do all you journowhores daydrink or are you just functionally retarded 
  who is the leftist troll responsible for the outrage of this downboat? 
 	You're a leftist troll. You have no one to blame for your posts getting downvoted but you. 
 		>people who downvote me are leftist trolls!  >I'm downvoting you because you're a leftist troll!  Ladies and gentlemen, we've found the leftist troll: 
 			You are a moron. How the fuck am I a leftist? I am a capitalist. I never trolled. I destroy trolls. Go fuck yourself with a curling iron. Be sure to plug it in first. 
 				Shaking rn mister troll destroyer man :( 
 						I went looking tonight. 
 						I went looking tonight. 
 	someone should release his address.  
 	someone should release his address.  
 Ann Coulter on Gab (1:07-1:57):  A lot of things used to seem indispensable, like buggy whips and MySpace. You're not always indispensable. And all of this censorship isn't that popular. Something will come along to displace youthough it is admittedly difficult in the case of social media giants like Facebook and Twitter. Especially Gabyou know, Gab was the alternative to Twitter that wasn't going to censor people. Yet they gettheir bank refuses to do business with them, Google won't carry them, the server pulls out on them. You know, It's one thing to say, "Well, if you don't like how Twitter or Google do business, just start your own." Okay, but do we have to lay our own internet lines? Do we have to build our own bank first?         attn: @a 
 	Lol. What faggot downvoted this?  
 Eat a dick, you faggot pinko.   
 Jeremy Corbyn says impact of British empire should be taught in schools   Ok Jeremy (i Hate the British culture) Corbyn  just show this video to the school kids.           
 	Excuse me Jeremy you Cunt for your information 
 	What Uk does is no one's business but ours 
 		Frankly the Cta preceeded the Eec by 50 years, free movement of persons, of Irish and Uk origin, per Pachero can and must continue, others,no 
 	Dear Keyser, Regarding that Blue-Face Nit-Wit Motif (upper left of post), have you any idea how the bloody hell that came about all of a sudden on Monday this week ? (I managed to replace the one I got but it took some doing). Regards, W. 
 	Show him what aborted babies look like. 
 	Show him what aborted babies look like. 
 Just keep listening & we'll tell your just how important we are to you. 
 	Hello buddy I just got suspended from Shitter lost all followers so it looks like im on Gab full time 
 		Ya never know what's gonna set the lil faggot bastards off.lol 
  
 	All the stupid redneck evangelists will fall over themselves trying to get there 
 	 
 	A wise man. 
 	Is this about the Pretendian? (rhetorical) 
 	Is this about the Pretendian? (rhetorical) 
 Share if you think Feminism is a mental illness. 
 	I suppose if your that ugly and Retarded to start with there's not much you could do to yourself to make it any worse.  
 	Jewish faggot and his nigger vermin. 
 Roflmfao. I peed my pants too! 
 	Brace yourselves little Antifa hoodlums. There will be more of this to come . Bawhahahaha. 
 		U let us do it because you are a frightened bunch of faggot lard asses or anemic skinny turds. Love the unicorn horn on his head.lol 
 Yes they are. Mainly for anti-Islam bollocks. Despite the fact that British hate laws specifically say criticism of religion/ideology is Not hate speech. 
 		Lol No! That's why I make a twat of you on their behalf ;) 
 2).I suppose I only have myself to blame for being lulled into a sense of Brotherhood. I know we don't agree on every little detail, but damn. Reminds me of nigger brotherhood; we 'tight' on the surface, but sell each other out when things get rough. So. 
 Oh look, another fat cunt, sucking nigger and Jew dick, because no White man will have her. 
 Minnesota Dems worry about domestic abuse allegations against Ellison as state Ag race tightens      
 	The guy in fornt of the mic looks like a nigger that beats his wife all day imho  
  
 		you mookie are the stupid sick cunt. you belong locked up away from any society or even better in your 6 ft deep safe space, stupid cunt  
 "they are Npc degenerates and they are programmed with reprobate and blasphemous code. So, this is what they are consumed with. an utterly despicable and hopeless life that is chained to this type of demonic behavior."      
 	They are all brainwashed retarded monkey brains!  Morally degenerate human sewage! 
  
 	These fucking retarded people. I hate them all. 
 any faggot bitch of a man that dresses like this is as irrelevant as his useless nut sac.    
  You made it on Cnn.    
 		Lemon seemed distracted during this.  
 		Lemon is doing way too many drugs these days. I'm personally turned off and offended by his inability to even read off this story with a modicum of credibility. He gets paid to do it. They're not even really trying anymore. 
 		Lemonjuice has an anal fissure and can't concentrate on anything or even read a script written by  
 		Lemonjuice has an anal fissure and can't concentrate on anything or even read a script written by  
 	Yeah. no. 
 	Yeah. no. 
  
 	another devious dyke  
 >Muh Spaniards Are Muds Hur  If your mentally retarded ass knew anything about Spain, you would know that Spain under Muslim rule was segregated in the extreme with little to no mixing whatsoever and that they along with the kikes were expelled in 1492. And anyone who has looked at what the Mexican ruling class looks like would know that's wrong. 
 Ever wonder what kind of byke the kyke dyke rides? Yah, me neither. 
 Michigan Begins Enforcing Work Requirements for Food Stamps        Layoffs                 
 	I wonder how many in their muzzie tribes are going to relocate elsewhere after this? 
 Wetback vs wetback! Cousin vs cousin! What will go down tomorrow on my YouTube live stream when we discuss the Trump wall. I am For the wall & Emilio of Front and Center Podcast is Against the wall!   Tune in tomorrow at around 7.30pm to watch!   Also discussing Identity Politics & Victimization. 
 	I think you've angered the fairy gay neo-Nazi faggot socialist bitches here. Lol 
 One might think with all those bribes, the cunt could buy new glasses. .  
 One might think with all those bribes, the cunt could buy new glasses. .  
 This Pos traitor Globalist ball slobberer was a propped Fake President.     
 	half nigger piece of shit 
 It isn’t a myth cuntface and no cunt ducked children where I come from that is solely a Moslem cunt practice. Now fuck off cunt you are annoying me. 
 I dont think the word nigger is racist, it has many meanings. To me it means a foolish, dangerous and unbalanced dumb person. I call a lot of people nigger, and as a biracial male I dont care if it bothers you.    Because im using a word to call out dumb dangerous people. Deal with it son. 
 this is what Jews do -- 
 		 
 		 
 		Jews Are Pedophiles! 
 Huma Abedin, Cheryl Mills Lose Security Clearance With Hillary Clinton. Staff LoseS Its ClearanceS 10-12-18      Must Watch 
 	I'll bet Crooked Cunt is cussing up a storm over the loss of her security clearance! I wonder who she's going to blame? Will she order that person to be "Arkancided"?  
 		Pray we continue crossing the street.  I don't fear the Nigger.  I fear Zog's Thugs putting me in a cage for dealing with the Nigger as it ought to be dealt with.  When we decide to stop crossing the street there will be a strong uptick in appearances of Mississippi Windchimes, and not just in Mississippi. 
 			Which explains the aborigines, right? You do realize that Africa is the most resource abundant continent on the planet, right? Also, White people seem to have done just fine in Africa when we didn't worship the false God of egalitarianism, so how do you explain that unless we're superior? 
 					And our having gone through the industrial revolution prior to everyone else happened by mere chance and had nothing to do with, nor is it indicative of our superiority? Is that what you're saying? 
 						We went through the Industrial Revolution before Asia did. The same Bell Curve You use to show blacks have a lower average Iq than whites also shows Asians have a higher average Iq than whites.   So how was the Industrial Revolution related to intellect or superiority again?    lol 
 							"Asia went through the industrial revolution After you White people did therefore you're Not superior to asians"    That's a new one 
 								Idiot. They are saying whites are superior because we had the Industrial Revolution first. However Asians are in fact intellectually superior so Iq clearly has nothing to do with it. Read the bloody posts properly. 
 														God Damn this fucking monkey is most definitely Jidf or some sort of Hasbara! To retarded to be anything genuine.  
 Dana Perino Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Is Wrong To Claim Electoral College System Is Racist      
 	Cortez is retarded 
 Wow just wow. New low     
 	Whoopi: nigger jew - jew nigger - nigger jew - jew nigger, etc., ad infinitum! 
    One of the better rap songs to come out.   Coolio - Gangsta's Paradise    
 		Blacks only get upset with shootings and being called a nigger when another race gets involved 
  2325 -  Today's testimony by Baker was explosive.  Oh to be a fly on that wall!    Q !mG7VJxZNCI No.327    Oct 3 2018 21:29:00 (Est) New  >>324      Read carefully.  Sessions tomorrow [doc related]  Justice K confirmation [weekend]  [Rr] next week [probe-not update]  Follow the pattern.  >>>Red October<<<  Q  - somebody has to be really nervous right now as they were named for the first time ever today.    "During the time that the Fbi was putting -- that Doj and Fbi were putting together the Fisa (surveillance warrant) during the time prior to the election -- there was another source giving information directly to the Fbi, which we found the source to be pretty explosive," said Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio.  Tags for #Q drops, saucy notables and Breaking News: If you would like your name added (or removed) to these posts, please let me know below                   @12gaPATRIOT          @1013Lana                                          
 	Gotta be a retard to not know Q = Soros. 
 Imagine a bachelorette party going to a strip club and that retarded roided up Flip started grinding on them and doing wrestling impressions. 
 		just like a sand nigger kike 
 why are all you retards obsessed with being a cuckold and why is it so hard to spell the whole word? i'd rather be on twitter being ignored and then quickly banned than be here and followed by a bunch of faggot morons. no caps for you tards. 
  
 	Ffs! This malignant cunt and everyone who leaves Government Office, should have their clearance revoked the moment that the step out of their office door! Wtff!  
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		Look Dumb ass  read what their nasty talmud say's about us ,And you expect me to not hate those fucking sand nigger fuck's ,and go fuck your self   
 		These are fatherless teenagers, the color of their skin is of no consequence 
 			Hold on buddy. You can't sit there and say that x has no consequences. Everything has consequences. You think the Rockefellers didn't knowtice that the 10% of the population they pushed welfare, thug culture, and drugs on happened to have an easily identifiable skin color?  
 				Dc, Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man. 
 Doctor Who Refuses to Acknowledge Gender Choice Challenged by Trans Woman | This Morning  
 	If you believe that your a woman a man a gerbil or a packet of fruit pastilles that’s fine just don’t make me believe it. the evil cunt in the yellow dress is a white hating cultural Marxist. Had the audacity to rip him on his religious belief by saying ‘you can believe what you want to believe but don’t force it on others’  Sweet sweet irony. 
 Blacks in South Africa brutally rape a white girl and then kill her by smashing her head in with a stone. Now more than ever, we whites need our own ethno-states.      
 	End Cultural Marxism   is a nazi propagandist . do not be fooled gabbers . this is a modern day goebbels  
 		Nigger, you're retarded  
 He who lives by the gun dies by the gun. 
 	Guns save lives. A fact. 
 		How does shooting someone save lives? 
 			Let me tell you a story: About 14 years ago, two armed teen-aged Dindus broke into my house while my wife and I and our child were sleeping. I got the drop on them with a shotgun. One died instantly, and the other ended up losing his right arm. I wasn't arrested, but there was a hearing. My actions were declared justifiable homicide and self defense. I found out through my lawyer that the survivor confessed that they both intended to kill whoever they found inside my house "to see what it felt like to kill someone." I ended up suing the parents of both of the boys for damages to my house, and won the suit. When the families wouldn't pay, I had my lawyer put liens on their houses, cars, and bank accounts. Eventually, I got paid for the door they broke, as well as fresh paint and new carpet for the living room I shot them in. To this day, my living room looks freshly painted and the carpet looks brand new. My gun saved the lives of my wife, my child, and myself. That is All that matters to me. That's why I have no patience for gun-grabbers and their bullshit. 
 				Nigger blood spray is the only thing I fear. All the Hiv and other diseases. As long as its not in my kitchen I guess. If I ever shoot a nigger in my kitchen I'll move. Good on you.  
 Dear white people. 
 	You truly are a dumb cunt gupta 
 	That nigger pos should've been sent to Attica for 20 long. 
 Chinese Reporter Throws Fit in U.K., Calls Hong Kong Panel ‘Liars’ and ‘Traitors’    
 	This cunt should be happy her father didn't toss her off a cliff in favor of a son.  
 Imagine being so retarded you take your political views wholesale from people whose Job it is to pretend to be someone else and parrot a script in front of a camera.    Now imagine that's the majority's extent of political awareness. "I voted Democrat cuz my favorite Marvel character told me" 
 Shockingly, Chris Wallace tries to smack some sense into Shepard Smith - Heated Debate on Fox News    Trump Fan Network     
 		Shep The Faggot !   Everyone Knows It ! 
 After one of Christine Blasey Ford’s former boyfriends made a statement to the Fbi proving that Ford lied to Congress numerous times, Cnn rushed to Ford’s defense with a hastily written error-filled attack article.   The former boyfriend asked that his name remain redacted, but Cnn doxxed him anyway as a warning to ensure nobody else speaks up. 
 	Dox War I 
 		Wait Wtaf?   Dude sent his shit confidentially to the Senate, complete with Full obvious instructions to maintain OpSec, and *somebody* hot-potatoed it over to CNfuckingN?   How did a News organization get a hold of Anything private to the Judiciary Committee?   If This can happen then sorry McConnell, the whole damn thing has to get public air. 
 			Two words: Feinstein's Office 
 				Feinberg's Nexus 3 dyke is helping her become more leaky than Leahy. 
 Redneck Isis or Y'all queda is a liberal trope.   Maybe an Antifa operation 
 2018: Mail Bombs   What do we have, here? 
 	They look absolutely nothing alike.smdh 
 		2018: Mail Bombs   So .You’re saying these look nothing alike?   Not even a smidge? 
 			I’m not seeing it hun.but good luck with it 
 				Btw nutbag.wtf would Isis target Dems/libs.they thrived under them you clueless twat 
 "That also means we have the very real opportunity to screw up robots by infusing them with exaggerated, overly simplified gender stereotypes."   oh fuck off  Carl.png   
 	Great. Are going to get stuck with lazy nigger bots too? 
 faggot 
 I want an apology from the people in my timeline that called me a "retard" when I said the army corps of engineers would not build the wall. 
 		You are right. I probably won't get an apology. Its a sad reflection of where we are at. 
 		You are right. I probably won't get an apology. Its a sad reflection of where we are at. 
 	Faggot 
 Laura Ingraham:    Find this little slime. RePOST pls    
 		Let me give this fairy gay faggot a roundhouse kick. Bloody coward. :/  Guaranteed he won't wake up from it. 
 	Kate Middleton's bump attire will be swapped over to Meg shortly, you watch. 
 		I don't think so. Kate is much, much taller than MegNog, and Kate is build like a woman, MegNog is build like a man.  And I don't buy into her being 4 months pregnant, as announced.  I am a woman and I know how 4 mon prego woman looks. MegNog looks like she isn't pregnant at all.She is flat as ironing board 
 		By her bump attire, I meant the prosthetic attachment that Ms Middleton wore prior to parading out her surrogate children one by one, as described by Chris Spivey. 
 		Well, what you say is just silly.  I am a woman and rest assured that Kate was pregnant all 3 times.  Her face was changing according to how long into pregnancy she was. 
 		Woman shows pregnancy both on her body and on her face. I accept that body shape can be faked with prosthetics, but you can't fake face, especially not That look every woman has during 3rd trimester. Too many men here talking about things they know nothing of :-P. 
 		I already said I agree that pregnant body can be faked with prosthetics. But a pregnant woman's face can't. Kate was pregnant all 3 times, sorry Lol. There are women who change their face even before they know they are pregnant, and who knows the look ( another woman) can see it. 
 		I already said I agree that pregnant body can be faked with prosthetics. But a pregnant woman's face can't. Kate was pregnant all 3 times, sorry Lol. There are women who change their face even before they know they are pregnant, and who knows the look ( another woman) can see it. 
 Gabonian Alert!                       Hurricane Michael Is Now A Category 4!   Surge in Panhandle Might Not Be Survivable, Depending Where it Lands                                                 Land Fall Looms    
 	Let me know when it hits Nigger Looting level.gotta get my guns ready. 
 I am still a little worried about the final confirmation vote but I'm keeping my fingers crossed. I'm just worried one of these Republicans pussying out at the last minute. Or Flake giving one last fuck you stab in the back before leaving. 
 		Boy am I pissed about that Alaska switch. At first I thought it was some Rhino in a potential blue district, but fucking Alaska? Really! 
 		From what I hear, she lost the Republican primary the last time around, but the party supported this bitch running as an independent over the candidate elected by their voters. And here we are. 
 		Boy I'm sure that pissed people off. I hope her phone is blowing up because the Alaskan people should definitely call her out on that. 
 		Boy I'm sure that pissed people off. I hope her phone is blowing up because the Alaskan people should definitely call her out on that. 
 Trump supporters "prepared to forgive all of his sins," says former Boston Globe editor   
 	The whole article in three sentences:  We forgive Trump for his comment about "shooting someone" on Main St Usa and getting away with it. (Uhhh yeah because hyperbole)  We forgive Trump for not accomplishing "some of his campaign promises," because of Democratic obstruction in the House. (Uhhh yeah because it's a real thing, not like they are trying to hide that, only the retarded can't see it)  He hasn't pulled out of Iraq and Afghanistan completely yet. (Uhhh yeah because his generals thought it was a bad idea and too soon)  They are pointing out nothingburger ideas and driving it home like we should hate the president for this. This kind of knee-jerk response may be common to Lefties but not our party, who prefers a more logical and rational approach to matters, you know, think before you leap? The Left may want to try this sometime, maybe you won't look like such violent maniacs everyday.  Winning! Lol!  
 you can't vouch for that sand nigger cock lover, get in line you swine  
 	Why don't you try Nick? 
 	You are a hippy who does not wear a poppy therefore you and your opinion are invalid.  
 	You are a hippy who does not wear a poppy, therefore your opinion is worthless. 
 	So a 7 year old playground taunt is all you can come up with? I like Jews and Muslims so "nazi"? One needs evidence for a rape charge. Now, about your pal Simon Lindsell, no poppy and he molests kids like Nick Raybould does.  
 	Word salad. From a non poppy wearing nonce. Muted.  
 	Wearing my poppy with pride, unlike far Fran;) 
 	Wearing my poppy with pride, unlike far Fran;) 
 	He only cares/helped because it's his mama. Otherwise he'd stick to the no snitching creed. 
 	He only cares/helped because it's his mama. Otherwise he'd stick to the no snitching creed. 
 Boys do not wear girls clothing. This is why it will tank.    
 	Conners without Roseanne is nothing  
 		With Roseanne it was too. Faking conservatism to try to back door liberal values. She went back to full feminist retard after the comment debacle. 
 Popular  YouTuber  deleted his  account over the recent Loli ban.    
 	>posted on twitter lol ok, faggot 
  
 		Me?  
 		Why?   
 		Maybe read post again more slowly.   
 		   What is your problem?  Re-read my post.   
 		   What is your problem?  Re-read my post.   
 Harley Miss You and all the Patriots so much.  Dum ass Twitter kicked me off going after far left libs.  Please tell everyone I miss them.  Found Robin on here!  I can still see your non private posts in Twat land.  Keep up the good fight.  Always.  Jeff. 
 Schiff to Trump: "We know you have no decency, but have you no shame?"      
 	The Democrats are really panicking when they send out this feckless Cunt the declassification is coming it will be after the midterms and every corrupt Democrat will be fully exposed. 
 Geology has proven there was no global flood so the Bible cannot be accurate.   If it is inaccurate in its basic story about the history of the world there is no reason to believe it when it describes miracles that cannot be documented one way or the other.   It is one thing to believe without evidence, it is quite another to believe Against evidence. 
 	So you don't know what happened, but it wasn't according to the Bible . Ok. 
 			That's not exactly the kind of science I expected.  I expected to be called a poopyhead.  That must be your calculated margin of error. 
 				The rapid collapse of Christianity is a credibility collapse. Guys like Elon Musk and Neil Armstrong just aren't dumb enough to believe the Bible.   The specifics are above your pay grade, dimwit. 
 					Ahh.  Didn't take long to reach for the appeal to false authority and another failed ad hominem. 
 						You think a smelly corpse is god.   What else can I do but laugh? 
 							You f*d up Dread.  You never, ever choose to defend bad ground.  You should only attack the Bible.  It's your burden to prove your immutable Earth theory.   Remember.  It never, ever happened because just because.  "Everybody" knows. It would be best to just fade away now.  All you can do is tantrum. 
 								I don't have an immutable Earth theory.   There was no global flood in Biblical times. No mass extermination of mankind, culling the species down to Noah and family.   You lose. 
 									Of course, "everybody" knows.  It was in all the papers when it didn't happen . 
 										Geological record. It convinced Christian geologists that the Bible was wrong.   Christianity didn't collapse among the ruling class due to sin, it collapsed due to evidence.   The moment criticizing it became legal it went down like a chump. 
 											Oh.  Ok it's documented that it didn't happen.  That's different. 
 												It is. If I saw someone was killed and they show up unharmed the crime did not happen, documented by the living alleged victim.   Chinese civilization was never wiped out by a global flood, so it never happened.   That is one of many chains of evidence proving no global flood. 
 													Pssssst!  
 														Not a global flood, crackpot. 
 															According to you, dipshit. Where in the narrative does it say that it only affected China? And do you not know how mythology evolves over time? Anyway, just posted it to refute your bullshit "zero evidence" claim about a flood wiping out China. 
 																Yeah. Answer this: How would a water logged Chinaman know that Egypt wasn't also being flooded at the time? They didn't seek out a dry valley. They all took to the heights. Shit, did you read it? 
 																Yeah. Answer this: How would a water logged Chinaman know that Egypt wasn't also being flooded at the time? They didn't seek out a dry valley. They all took to the heights. Shit, did you read it? 
 There are people in Georgia, that will place her head on a pike. It’s advisable for this twat to re-think this publicity stunt.   
 You were shut down on Twitter because Jack Dorsey is a fairy gay faggot that supports pedophilia on Twitter. 
 are you raging at your monitor again you ineffectual twat ? are gingers like you really aryans or are you actually genetic freaks ? i think the latter. 
 are you raging at your monitor again you ineffectual twat ? are gingers like you really aryans or are you actually genetic freaks ? i think the latter. 
 Worst False Flag Ever 
 	And the one "found" by Dws was there because it was addressed to Holder but the wrong address so it was returned. At the same time. By Usps, unlike the others, but presumably with all the issues pointed out by Matt Graver.  They think we're stupid because their followers Are stupid.  
 		Dems know their retarded npc followers will believe any narrative they push, so they don't even bother trying to make the Ff look real. 
  
 	what a lyin cunt 
 Proud of yerself? So many Words wasted on your Own feeble virtue-signaling. Your swastika boy scout badges were stomped to death in 1945. Get a Real cause! 
 	What, over at your house, fake name guy? With all your faggot friends? 
  
 	Trump Has The Perfect Mouth For Sucking Dick 
 		Just like you, cock sucking little faggot 
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		Wow, what a cum back. Nigger Cum all Over your back! 
 	More than happy to hear this disgusting wetback got his ass shot. That's what they all need. 
 	Nazis are democrat operatives calling themselves "alt-right" they are just as much an enemy of freedom as democrats. George Soros funded to make the right wing look as hateful as the democrats. They are leftists. 
 		The Founding Fathers implemented white nationalist immigration policies. The National Origins Formula expressly intended to keep America White. The "Alt-Right," therefore, has more in common with Traditional America than lame cuckservatism. George Soros wants whites replaced with non-whites.   Soros has completely opposing goals to the Founders. 
 			What is white? 
 				Wtf does that even mean?  What is white? 
 					What is a white person? What makes a person white? What asshole did you pull this notion out of? Because it is a shit notion. 
 							Rape   Murder   Theft   Larceny   Deception   Body odor   Bad hair   Horrible music  Those are my initial guesses. 
 											Go fuck yourself libtard 
 Bono-bono Obama's religion. 
 		  
 		Ban Islam from America Walter Mccarran act  
 		we need to ban jews as well, and christians for good measure/ No semitic influences should be allowed into our nation, or our government 
  
 	Let's do it! Accelerate the collapse! Faggots cannot faggot when Folk have to focus on essential matters. 
 It's better if you search dick van dyke death hoax, or read gab posts about it.    
 It's better if you search dick van dyke death hoax, or read gab posts about it.    
 Thats why  were so retarded sorry to say  Move on    
 	Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding.   Child Brides = pedophilia  We are in a War but refuse to admit that we are.   The Unholy Alliance between The Left and Islam.          #Q    
 	Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding.   Child Brides = pedophilia  We are in a War but refuse to admit that we are.   The Unholy Alliance between The Left and Islam.          #Q    
 Love and support your race, my white brothers and sisters.   Whites (European-descended peoples) are only 7% of the world's population. We have the right to exist and the right to our own ethno-states.              #Q    
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 There is a new era for Black Americans upon us. No longer a monolithic vote for the Dems who failed them.   When one tries to leave he is pulled back to the "Dnc Plantation". Called a "Negro who can't read".   The Republicans will fight for you. We will win for you. You are us.   Dean C PhD   .   You are us.because we are Americans First.   Patriots.    
 	We call it the dawn of the age of the magic negro. 
 		He's still a nigger, this , but he could make for a useful one. Blacks who stand up for Whites and a truly equal America should be able to be promoted from nigger to negro to colored to righteous black, the highest level any African could ever be. : righetous black. : nigger. And tax evader. 
 all the little kids love it when I say anything remotely edgy, if I say nigger they lose their shit its hilarious 
  
 	Pelosi looks like a retarded whore  
 	Here's a fun contest: How many synonyms for awful can you come up with to describe eternallifestyle.com? 
 	Here's a fun contest: How many synonyms for awful can you come up with to describe eternallifestyle.com? 
 2018 Western Man:   >homeland being raped  >     >can't get good bud  >  
 	I call bullshit. This faggot wants to have his own stash to get high with. 
 Sayoc Family lawyer doubts Cesar has the mental capacity to make functional bombs, suggests someone may be using him.    
 	Certainly looks retarded and did some really retarded mailings, more likely he's just crazy or a plant. 
 	Portland Antifa   . Detroit  
 	Portland Antifa   . Detroit  
 	This is relative to what normie conservatives find acceptable. It is a mixture of being in the normie mindset and desire to appeal to normies.   We need to break the conditioning. 
 		If you call ordinary people in your community "normies", maybe you're the off putting and abnormal one.     You get more of a sense for normal people's aspirations and interests by going outside and talking to them, instead of sitting around plotting on how to trick them with Pinky and the Brain on the internet. 
 				Agreed normies are disgusting people see come to my college striker would see.No waking up some of these people no matter how good we speak to them 
 				Agreed normies are disgusting people see come to my college striker would see.No waking up some of these people no matter how good we speak to them 
 You heard the lady, Hillary said we’re allowed to start being uncivil. 
 	Mark my words, many will take her serious. There will be more attacks now thanks to her and Nigger Eric Holder. Us Conservatives will faggot out and not return the violence as usual.  Something must happen to this woman.   
 	Luxury Affordable Apartments = Subsidized nigger housing 
 Travis LeBlanc offers a witty and profound reading of the anti-white racial dynamics of the movie version of West Side Story   
 	of course,now they will replace the Latinos with niggers.  Spielberg has shown himself to be a big time nigger lover. 
 Dont yah wanna just run up and kick him right in the cunt 
 	You are right that it ain't about skin color 
 	You are right that it ain't about skin color 
 Poll: 75% Likely Voters Say Celebrity Endorsements Not Important for Vote. The Other 25% Are Retarded and Shouldn't Be Allowed to Vote!    
 This is what the left is really scared of.     
 	That literally looks like a monkey. Why are we supposed to pretend it’s a person bc it’s wearing a red hat?  
 		Go be a nigger lover somewhere else please.  
 	A Racist world! Black and proud, and don't hate on any color 
 		len guini, you are a jack ass. what race is guini. are you a nigger cause your guini. no just a jack ass. 
 Sodomwealth Bank          
 	Faggot Finance 
 	I Had Forgotten About That Fat Pile Of Shit. Thanks For The Remind. 
 	I Had Forgotten About That Fat Pile Of Shit. Thanks For The Remind. 
 Princess my ass.just another mulatto nigger 
 Can someone tell me why anyone gives a shit about this kavana fiasco? I don't even know what its about. It just seems like some retarded , unnecessary drama.  The democrats are just constantly trying to stop the republicans from accomplishing anything. The democrats are just openly trying to destroy the country. Could you imagine when whites really start taking control of the american destiny? I'm not saying we will take everything back. But we will secure a white plot of land, for america. And when shit really starts picking up, the left is just going to start running people over with cars and shit. The left is very violent and they keep on getting worse. They are these deranged monsters. They aren't human. Their monsters , where they don't think for themselves. Walking, talking , zombies, where they yell phrases that they heard from their jewish televsion propaganda. We are dealing with hordes of mental patients, who belong in insane asylums. Never in history have we ever have to deal with such disturbed, freaks. The Left has become the kraken 
 Can someone tell me why anyone gives a shit about this kavana fiasco? I don't even know what its about. It just seems like some retarded , unnecessary drama.  The democrats are just constantly trying to stop the republicans from accomplishing anything. The democrats are just openly trying to destroy the country. Could you imagine when whites really start taking control of the american destiny? I'm not saying we will take everything back. But we will secure a white plot of land, for america. And when shit really starts picking up, the left is just going to start running people over with cars and shit. The left is very violent and they keep on getting worse. They are these deranged monsters. They aren't human. Their monsters , where they don't think for themselves. Walking, talking , zombies, where they yell phrases that they heard from their jewish televsion propaganda. We are dealing with hordes of mental patients, who belong in insane asylums. Never in history have we ever have to deal with such disturbed, freaks. The Left has become the kraken 
 Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the Usa. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!  8:03 am - 20 Oct 2018 
 	Rick Scott is a lying piece of shit that is stealing from the Sun Pass system and is the indirect cause of many red tides by letting the sugar cane deal fall through. He's a greedy cunt and needs to be banished. 
 White House Preparing Executive Order to Stop Migrant Caravan     
 	Issue it the day before the wetback vermin get to the border. Don't give the communists time to contest it. 
 Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.    
 		Sorry, I stand with the President! 
 			so Bombing Christians is worth standing by him for?  
 			(because that is Exactly what he did!) Trump Bombed Christians In Syria! :( This Is Why I Stopped SUPPORTInG Him   
 			I guess when a president Bombs Christians in Syria, it's still worth it to "stand by him" :(   (because that is Exactly what he did!)  Trump Bombed Christians In Syria! :(  This Is Why I Stopped SUPPORTInG Him   
 			standing with anyone just because of your own personal bias towards them?  is Not Moral The Bible says that All Men And WOMen Are Filthy Sinners Never Ever Ever put your trust in any man or woman  
 			standing with anyone just because of your own personal bias towards them? is Not Moral  The Bible says that All Men And WOMen Are Filthy Sinners  Never Ever Ever put your trust in any man or woman 
 			standing with anyone just because of your own personal bias towards them? is Not Moral  The Bible says that All Men And WOMen Are Filthy Sinners  Never Ever Ever put your trust in any man or woman 
 Hitler is like the Bob Marley album Legend. I’ve heard enough of it for one lifetime. 
 	Same can be said for your faggotry.   Sage this leaf nigger from my feed! 
 Hate ads are being seen in Nyc that call for the removal of "trash" which depicts Christians and Trump supporters.   This is Outrageous! 
 	Omg What next? 
 		Keep the Heartland nigger free. 
 	Someone needs to tell the asshat that by deploying the national guard he has already succumbed. 
 		. give em' enough rope . 
 	Lol When we ask if he can top his saying 12yo girls should get used to showering with men, is he testing us?  They're all doing it now.  They really need to be removed. They're scarier then zombies.  
 		Nyc is Cabal/Nwo  Hq . it's gonna be a fight.  
 	Cuomo is a grandstander, for sure. The cops deserve more respect than to be used in this way. 
 	Hahahahahahahhahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhahah.   Hes Very important.  
 	Hey Cuomo   Deploy more troops.    The bomb sent to Brennan has a photo of him and what appears to be an upside-down Islamic State flag.Actually, the fake Arabic lettering on the flag spells out "Trump."Compare the writing on the bomb to the writing on a real upside down Islamic State flag.   
 		it's bs in all caps ! All Of It! did'nt go thru postal, they said so . had to be hand delivered. So how and who and why . Sperg Alert ! 
 		it's blatant to anyone . look at me look at me boohooboohoo. makes me ill 
 	Fitting that a subversive Lying Jew has to remember a fucking Lie!  Jews are not only retarded but they are Stupid! 
 		Woes literally said before that he likes "pretty boys". Absolutely disgusting.  
 	Woes is doing what he can to help. Quit being so obnoxious.  
 		Sinead and Kyle do a Lot more. They're the only ones calling out controlled-opposition. 
 		Sinead and Kyle do a Lot more. They're the only ones calling out controlled-opposition. 
 Lol faggot 
 Jason Selvig is a faggot and he was harassing Brian Kilmead today.  Anybody know where he lives? 
 Among other retards every retard has convinced themselves they are smart, really smart. 
 	keep using the word Nigger he hates that word . lol  
 When this story broke I suspected and sure enough here it is confirmed.        
 	Don't feel sorry for her at all. She was asking for it. That's just the life of a nigger loving crack whore. Idk how you can expect anything else. You'll either be beaten killed or get aids if you engage in beastiality. She was a nasty disgusting human and deserves to die. 
 Rt Jonteinspain    We voted to leave the Eu and should have gone within 12 months. May has Kept us in for two and a half years and now has negotiated even more time in this Eu prison. This is taking the piss. No one is this incompetent. Her Eu conspiracy is working well but not for the people.  
 	The Uk successfully votes to leave the Eu, and everyone loses their mind!  But this May cunt lied through her teeth that she would honor the will of the people, and no one bats an eye.  it's all, part of the plan.  Almost, isn't it? 
 Anjem Choudary released from prison: Here's what's next | Jack Buckby    
 		Wish it were that simple Drew, there who be a line from Lands End to John O'Groats of people willing to pull the trigger on this piece of filth, alas the shitbag has 'Uman Rights and we have no handguns.  (Legally) 
 		Tsk. Guess I'll just has t'doo it meself. Plonk in, bastards. (well, a 'hit' farking costs, dunnit!). 
 		Tsk. Guess I'll just has t'doo it meself. Plonk in, bastards. (well, a 'hit' farking costs, dunnit!). 
 Why aren't all the American blacktivists crying about slavery flying to Libya where a black person can be purchased for $200 and used for labor and sex, or harvested for organs?     
 	Nigger Think Tank 
 		No, and it wouldn't take a jew to subvert this trainwreck lmao 
 			no, that's the kike weev I'm referring to, the one who started the optics debate 
 					Why only on burner phones, it's not like anything the whites did was actually illegal. 
 						Because when you shitpost on record that gets used to speak for your character and intent, and intent is difference between a legal and illegal action. Same reason Discord completely fucked us, and still is. 
 								If you don't understand how "i love to smash n1ggers" changes a self defense situation against a black man into something that can easily be framed as assault, then I'm not wasting anymore time with you.    I don't know you and hopefully never will. 
 									Which of the convicted people said that, oh yea, none of them, and that was never used as evidence either, it was kikes + black jury + refusal for change of venue. 
 Well.That didn’t take long:                                                                                                   
 		 
 		Laffin.I Love It.  
 		Laffin.I Love It.  
 She died a nigger   Now that is funny shit    
 reminder that all the false idols crumbled before the one true god 
 		Christianity is islam for whites   Christians are isis terrorists, who destroy our white communities, with their africans & sand nigger converts 
  Hillary Clinton spokesman claims Hillary gave up her security clearance in protest of Trump 
 	I didn't know "Security Clearances" meant anything anymore since that hideous cunt Hillary and her boy toy Sorros bought the Fbi. 
 don't waste your breath. He's a fucking commie faggot asshole who doesn't have a fucking clue as to who the real enemies are!  
 Bring it on bitches.     
 		Make no mistake this nigger should have been hung years ago.It's a lose lose game for the Chicago nigger. 
 	Ah you looked up how-to spell douche you inbred faggot mamas boy. Go back and suck your mamas teet soyboy. No one is fooled by you. 
 Improve Your Crypto Portfolio With These Weird Tricks 
 	Nigger Huts Up 
 This Is Civil War.   Daniel Greenfield: "Guns Are How A Civil War Ends. Politics Is How It Starts"   Transcript of speech that Shook Tea Party Coalition Convention in Myrtle Beach 2018   Important > Every American Read  >  
 	If you are an American, read it! 
 		.#Patriotism exist only because stupid people say it does. We went beyond the actions of self defense to being a destructive hammer for the Faggot ass  a long time ago as scripture rightfully describes the 4th Beast of Daniyl & Revelations! 
 found this  tweet from the summer. What a stupid  cunt this clown was.likely still is 
 found this  tweet from the summer. What a stupid  cunt this clown was.likely still is 
  
 	Nigger can try to take them if he wants to 
 And when we have a Republican candidate for governor of Florida telling Jews that if elected he will be the most pro Israel governor in America ,my response is Fuck You ! I'Ll Vote For The FuckING Nigger ! Will Republicans ever wake up to the reality of race and act accordingly? Until then they are useless ,gutless wonders. Voting for them changes nothing for us. 
 "T.I. posts a video of a Melania Trump lookalike stripteasing for him at the Oval Office."   I don't know what you guys think but it really seems like rappers and celebrities think they are above everyone nowadays.    
 	Whatever they can do to show they’re down, even though they're the first to move away from their people when they get a little money 
 		Yup. And now they’re saying all sorts of fucked up shit about him to make him seem confused, stupid, retarded. the saddest, most desperate shit is saying that his mom would be ashamed of him.just like that faggot cuomo saying that Trump was probably having racist thoughts when they met. Lol 
 Acosta Furious After Trump Rally Staff Blast Loud Music To Drown Out His Live Report  
 	Poor little retarded baby.Whine some more.your mental deficiencies are showing.I'm waiting for the Fcc to get some teeth and start pulling broadcasting licenses.They should have put a brass band right behind him. 
   Federal Judge "Shocked" To Find Obama State Dept Lied To Protect Hillary From Email Server Lawsuits | Zero Hedge  
 	Federal Judge discovers that Obama State Dept. lied to protect Hillary from Email Server Lawsuits.    It is only a matter of time Cankles!                                                                                                    @studentoflife              
 			I love the "c" alliteration in that post. Do you write poetry by any chance?  
 			I love the "c" alliteration in that post. Do you write poetry by any chance?  
 		Nigger is animal. I am glad my country do not allow many in. Enjoy your nigger problem. 
 White race explained in this picture      Follow my page for more cynical views on the white race 
 		It's ok uncle ruckus I know negroes can't tell the difference between whites and Jews. Leave this to the big brains 
 So it's all made up, eh?    
 	Who the hell would want to see her other 50 publications let alone read it.  She is not a real Professor, she is A member of Porky Pigs farm,  grunting like a pig, snorting like a pig, and looks like a pig.  Somebody forgot to stuff a dildo up all three openings, mouth, cunt and ass.  If you see a pig, talking like a pig, and eats like a pig, then she is a Democratic Socialist Pig. 
 Was Hillary asking for "something to be done" 2 days Before the mail bombs started & then this synagogue shooting that even had Fox News try to tie to #Q &  and call us "right wing conspir-racists".   We need to remind the Normies who are just waking up that we are at War with the Deep State & remind them of just how evil they are! 
 	The Us has already had a man, a nigger and others. maybe we need a woman or a tranny to fuck us ? lol 
 This might be a little controversial for Gab, but I just want to say    It's Ok to be Jewish  *Update: I'm not Jewish 
 		whites are Not kikes thus nullifying your reference to circumcision, dumbass! gee, another leftist cunt who doesn't know shit trying to interject some wisdom into the posts.  
 	He didn't get the wrong person, he's a socialist fucking with you and you took the bait! That's what kind of ppl they are! 
 		Lady Halibut   She/He tricked me withthe name   I'll just mute the cunt 
 This treasonous traitorous Hollywood Tramp needs to shut up about our President Trump and Judge Kavanaugh we will never forget what she did to the Pows in Vietnam 
 	Cunt  
 Africa’s youngest billionaire kidnapped outside luxury hotel  Mohammed Mo (money Mo Problems) Dewji was abducted outside the oceanfront Colosseum Hotel and Fitness Club in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania    
 	You'd think a billionaire would have better security, unless they are talking about billions in nigger dollars, then he could afford one Kfc bucket. 
 Most of our senate just officially declared that they do not agree with such a simple, innocent and honest phrase. Too many of our politicians cave in to political correctness and falling in line with the establishment. We need more Hanson's and Anning's in our government. 
 	Reading some of the tripe in the media about all of this issue is just. ergh!   I want to scoop my eyes out after reading the bullshit stories that to try paint  "it's ok to be white" as neo-nazi hate speech.    Australian politics is soooo fucking retarded.  We're sprinting after the Uk to be the most retarded western country in the world.  The day Q pulls the trigger cannot come soon enough. Hopefully our political landscape is transformed too, we desperately need it. 
  is beginning to trend on Twitter, an outright call for violence against a member of the Supreme Court.   But Google and Apple say that Gab isn’t allowed to have an app on the App Store because some posts on Gab contain calls for violence and hate speech. 
 	Pathetic whiny dildo liberal imbeciles, all of them . Talk is cheap cunt , ha, ha, ha. You're about as tough as a saggy tit.  
 	What's this have to do with Trump?   Do you think the Atf asks his permission before every raid they make?   Incidentally the Atf is one of the numerous unnecessary and out of control federal agencies we could close tomorrow and no one would even know they were gone 
 			Do you think the Atf asks Trump's permission before every raid they make? 
 				No. But Trump certainly has executive authority over these executive agencies.   But the reality is, show us were you got hurt on your Trumpy Bear doll by my post. 
 					I made no mention of being "hurt" I just asked what this raid has to do with Trump   The correct answer is of course Nothing 
 						Because you lame-ass  believe that  is the #2A president. 
 							W T F does your reply even mean? 
 								Why are you so upset about this:   MuriKa! ! Fuck yeah!   Decorated Silver Star Veteran, Pow Sentenced to 7 Years for a Gun He Bought 40 Years Ago      But, but. Trump is the #2A president! 
 												Another lib faggot twatter troll  
 Just Fake It. 
 	Is it because of the Ronaldo  lies that Nike chose a Queer Moslem arse bandit knowing faggot can't come out without being tossed off for doing so, no not that tossed off tossed off a fucking roof by other Moslems! 
 Shep Smith Goes On A Rant Against Trump And Pompeo Over The Suspected Murder Of A  Turkish Journalist By Saudi Assassins.       Tell Shep Smith The Us Has No Police JURIsDICTIOn  In Turkey Or Saudi Arabia.   Thats The Job Of The United NATIOnS     Smith Is NoT A Journalist.  He Is A Faggot Who  Opposes  The Trump ADMInIsTRATIOn No Matter TheIR ACCOMPLIsHMENTS 
 You reach a point when you no longer give a f*cking shit about being called racist or sexist.   I'm sick of black niggershit like him and twat feminist crap like her. 
 Resistance Leader Remains Silent On Ellison    
 	this Muslim Cunt Needs Ended. 
 I saw a picture of the French president  preparing for gay pride with his nigger fags. I am still vomiting. 
 You might be mistaking Ben Shapiro for someone the world gives a fuck about. Though he admittedly makes sense; a nigger roaming St. Louis streets is arguably worse than a Polish or a South African migrant who actually will work. 
 Stop it. Get help.        
 	"divorce your clean Republican husband and go fuck some beta faggot with Aids!" - The Left 
 Soooo goys Im starting a new show interviewed Patrick little and trying to get mcnabb once I got it together it will be released I got shoahed so I got to make new stuff just have patience this hillbilly gona bring it to you 
 	Sounds like as gas.lol  
 	Sounds like as gas.lol  
 What the hell, Aussies!    I strolled by a Tv today and caught a minute or two of a snake-catching guy covered in tattoos.   After he bags a snake and hands off the bag to his chunky tatted gf, he walks over and shakes hands with two African looking cops, not Abos, but AfricanS.   Why would you let them in your country? They're a plague here in the Usa. 
 	Why would you let a plague into the Usa? 
 		I was under the impression that you had a drunken Abo problem in the same way Canadians have a drunken First Nations problem.  Also, I had the belief that you had a Chinamen problem of recent origin as well as a Muzzie problem of recent problem.   To my shock, I see your shitbag pols have imported Africans too. 
 		Lol   you're a legend in your own mind aren't ya David 
 			Unlike you, I actually have a functioning mind!  Since your head is up your ass you haven't had oxygen for a long time! 
 				you have the intellect of a cockroach 
 					How cute! I am used to having Brainwashed Retards like yourself calling me exactly what they are!  You are as Retarded as a Fucking Racist Jew!  Lol 
 These are the people who think they’re going to be fighting in a revolution. 
 		oh don't forget the knuckles and your coffee  
 		oh don't forget the knuckles and your coffee  
 Doctor rape kids these days, stupid Dems party control Msm ! 
 	Cunt is always well known by the alcohol she consumes just before a lovely so called Rape that she whished it happen 
 Corruption filters all the way down to mayoral elections!  It was so blatantly obvious in Toronto, Canada.  I would think that even people whose party won would see the censorship and obstruction of a candidate to participate, and find that alarming and a threat once the tides eventually turn on them.  Canadians deserve better and so does Faith Goldy. 
 	I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed the blatant election tampering that took place. Every media outlet colluded to get Tory re-elected. They completely suppressed the campaigns of more than 12 candidates. They took Faith Goldy's campaign money to buy ad time, and sat on it throughout the campaign, waiting until the last business day before the election to announce that they refused to run her ads, no reason given. She tried to sue Bell and the liberal judge "declined" to hear the case, again without providing a reason.   I believe that this election fix was orchestrated by outside influences (Soros et al) who don't want Toronto to drop its "Sanctuary City" designation. They want Toronto to continue to be the cesspool where they can continue dumping the world's subhuman trash. They also want the rampant nigger violence to continue, because niggers are their useful idiots along with the muzz.  I believe that this election tampering is just the dress rehearsal for next year's federal election. The globalists got away with it in Toronto so they'll do it again at the federal level. Why do you think we've heard nothing about Maxime Bernier's new party? It will be the target of suppression, as will the Ndp to a lesser extent. Canadians don't vote directly for our Prime Minister, we vote in local ridings and whichever party wins the most ridings gets to be Pm. This means much of the election tampering will occur at the municipal or riding level where it won't be as obvious. That's why Toronto's election is so important - it's a glimpse into the globalist anti-democratic playbook. 
 No way in hell would I do this to any cat! 
 	Speaks volumes about it's retarded owner. 
 New web sites look like they are being designed by retarded schizophrenics who are high on Lsd. The old functional look was better. 
 Get that checkbook ready, Stormy     
 	Never could figure out how anyone could 'defame' an old tarred road whore. What is the worst thing one could say about her? "This sloppy old cunt is so stupid she hired the Cpl Mike Avannetti to represent her. No ne could be that stupid!" Or would that be a compliment? 
 Joe Biden: Trump Supporters Have 'Cultish Devotion' | Breitbart    
 	And your retarded and a pervert. Next question  
 Cnn’s Jeffrey Toobin Praises Jeff Flake After Calling Him ‘Pathetic’ Just Three Days Before    
 	Flake is a raging faggot for his behavior during all this - this is a man who is being blackmailed. 
 Andrew Torba is a nigger 
 		You mean the fact that the Jews sunk the Titanic? Not an iceberg as everyone thinks?   Facts like that?   I'll pass thanks     
 						David here knows it wasn't an iceberg that sank the Titanic.   Please provide us with your evidence that contradicts all the survivors and records of the time. 
 								Dave. I'm making you famous with my normal followers on Twitter. You're an "Antisemitic mentalist"  
 											Well, IsraHELL is a fictiicious place as it is land stolen from Palestine. But that is a  Fact which is obvious something your retarded brain cannot comprehend!  I do appreciate you putting out the Truth instead of the old conspiracy theory that an Iceberg sank the Titanic.  It's the same conspiracy type theory that Planes took down steel buildings on 911.  Absolutley ludicris!  It is amazing how gullible people are isn't it?  Since twatter bans the Truth, I am guessing you have a bunch of Racist Sexist pieces of morally degenerate human sewage Lefties following you?  You know, the ones with the mother who made the Wrong Choice! 
 	Get bloody medals. 
 		Diversity medals no doubt, mate 
 		Diversity medals no doubt, mate 
  
 		cunt 
 Afghan Asylum Seeker Who Stabbed Three in Germany Has 'Psychiatric Illness', May Be Found Not Culpable | Breitbart  
 		Islam is a mental disorder. 
 	a nigger breaks a nail and it'sa  national emergency 
 Dan 
 	So a soy faggot thinks he can take Dan?  Roflmao 
 Macron's latest photoshoot. 
 	Loves a drug-addled nigger crew.  His wife loves them too. 
  
 	McCaskill has gotta go also, fuckin cunt 
 What a cunt 
  
 	Wow! Talk about Full Retard Mode! 
 how bout mongo-pedes? or maga-mongs. those seem more fitting.  anyway, I have to retire early from evening shitpoasting & go do my homework or they'll have my balls in a sling tomorrow. you're in charge while I'm gone. try not to be too big of a faggot while I'm away  q   
 That bastard anjem choudrey is to be released tomorrow! The cunt should be shot dead.if it was here in northern ireland he would have been killed in jail.the twisted bastard. 
 Yeah right  
 	Brainsick cunt 
 White people, are so fuckin tired of nigger lovin p.c. Rise up, White people, we aint gonna take it anymore 
 The people of Europe are turning against the  because they see it for what it is, a cabal of elitist political gangsters who despise the voting public. The sooner it collapses, the better.    
 	The Eu or Fourth Reich as I like to call it is on the precipice. Maybe Italy can provide the final push to send it over the edge into the oblivion it deserves. 
 		How in the fuck can you equate the Eu with the Forth Reich? I don't remember Hitler advocating Faggot marriage, Negro worship, open borders, Multiculturalism, Religious plurality, or a fraudulent money system!  
 They aren't splitting up. This is a link to register to vote. Pretty dirty. 
 	Didn't take the bait. No matter what, the Kardashians are the sickest people on the planet, even if her husband is based. 
 		That is a screenshot of their tweet, not a link. There was no bait to take. I learned from the replies what it was. 
 			No matter. We shouldn't be following these leaches anyway. 
 						I love ya, witchy  
 						Double Triple Ditto, FeFe! <333 
 						 stop following those damn Kardashians.  
 						 stop following those damn Kardashians.  
 How does it feel to be white trash and slandering and threatening an innocent African-American man? You are all neo-Nazi scum.               @1001cutz 
 		maybe you should fucking kill yourself, you white trash? 
 		maybe you should fucking kill yourself, you white trash? 
 I disagree. Suppose the man is an open-borders commie faggot and the woman is anti open-borders? She should just be like "oh I guess you're right because you're a man uwu"? Obviously no.  
 Popular  YouTuber  deleted his  account over the recent Loli ban.    
 	Imagine having a platform of influence and using it to boycott sites who remove cartoon kiddy porn while virtue signalling against racism,   If I recall, Tfm is a literal faggot anyway. Degenerates stick together. 
 *New Video*   A gay, "non-binary" Muslim drag queen explains how gender and race fluidity is proven by science.   So delighted my Bbc license fee is paying for this.    
 	what a fucking retarded gender confused pussy of a male who has daddy issues 
 	Usually after the 7 day ban, they throw you off shortly after.  
 		I didn't even get a 7 day first. 
 		Thanks,I Never Did Any Of This Social Media Shit Until May This Year,Pinterest Threw Me Off After 1 MonthSo I Went On Twitter To Follow The President,I’ve Been Fuckin With Leftists Since Knowing I’d Get Kicked Off EventuallySince I Heard About GabHere’s A Meme I Made To Fuck With Jack-Off Dorsey & The Other Motherfuckers 
 	Yes, you are nearing full suspension.  
 	I had one 12 hour suspension, then permanent out of the clear blue sky. It was the second large conservative purge.  
 	Lol. I had 2 suspensions, shadowbanned too. I went back and gave them a trashing they'll never forget, then deleted so they wouldn't have the satisfaction of banning me  Dont miss twatter one bit. Go give em hell!  
 		Oh Yeah,I Was Planing To Last Month Then The Whole Brett Kavanaugh Inquisition Started,I Had Too Much Fun,No Problems,Oh Well I Was Actually Bored The Last Two Days,Picking Off Taylor Swift Fans, 
 		 I know, it really is so entertaining picking them off, watching the meltdowns, passing the tissues  
 		I Appreciate It,I Never Did Facebook Or Instagram,Pinterest Kicked Off After 30 Days,Twitter Since June,Gab Is Better,A Bunch Of Unsociable Motherfuckers On Here,Some Good People I’ve Chatted a With,But Still A Lot Of Crickets(No Responses) & Parrots(Repost Everything,Agree With Everyone,Never Present More Then 5 Words,No Intelligent Thought) 
  
 		 
 		well ,little boy, if you are a boy.when you become a big boy and get a job, you will more money in your pocket.now go toss your moma and have a nice day 
 		come and fuck me little boy, i will introduce you to some of your obamas immigrants, they love sex with boys like you. call him Hakeem 
 the eu immigrant lesbian doesnt want to talk about immigration today, she wants to talk about transgenderism and sexual orientations    
 	This woman is a fraud. Zionist too. 
 		any tweet i  made to little stephen on twitter was an almost guaranteed suspension within the hour, he was the most protected  zionist cunt on twitter 
 Well she fits right in with the other mentally retarded Muslims  
  
 	they sucked some sand nigger cock is what they did 
 White officer Jason Van Dyke takes stand in murder trial over black teen shot 16 times  
 	The officer is guilty but of man slaughter not first degree murder. Sad for everyone this case. 
 	The officer is guilty but of man slaughter not first degree murder. Sad for everyone this case. 
 	  
 	  
 Destroying, obliterating the White race, Dc, is a genocidal act. Outbreeding is genocidal. If you interbreed, there will be no Whites left. That is unacceptable. If you hit a nigger woman, you will get a mutt, non-White kid. Wake up. 
 		Schlomo the homo, Aka, nigger kike anus licker has lost the debate. 
 Posing with beautiful dead wild animals isn’t that becoming.   
 	yeah but a muzzie was fucking the goat, so she saved it ! 
     Libertines - What A Waster 
 	2 bob cunt 
    Europe is good at History because it is history 
 	Well, would you look at that. nutzy faggot butt buddies. 
 A pastor was arrested in Ireland for preaching a sermon against the satanic religion of Islam.   This is kinda outdated, but, the Government shouldn't be arresting pastors because they criticized a violent religion like Islam.    Praise God that this pastor stood by his statements.       
 	I guess it's against the law to speak the truth. Glad my ancestors left that shithole many, many years ago. enjoy the muzzie takeover. 
 Nbc Thought Control      Move over Hunger Games 
 	1/2.   What a load of Pc s^*t !    This Kelly broad always was over the pale ( fence) part Leftist.  All this self flagellation about discussing her true feelings on Americans and dressing up with black makeup and white lips on Vaudville stages. 
 		Hemophiliac Roger Aisles made her  She broke him 
 			I liked her show at one time on Fox, right up and until she chopped her hair (butch dyke style) and wore leather all up in your face New York City style.    Turned me off & millions of others as she got too big for her britches scoring points against President Trump and got it right back from him.    A $69 million parting gift & look out hen pecked husband. It’s full time now! 
 A favorite for so many. 
 	Knowing full well that in time, you will find your Muzzie ass in prison!   
 "Kanye was Uncle Tomming in the White House in front of all those white  people!"  Don Lemon is banging a White Man. 
 			nigger queers are the funniest queers. can't wait until he dies of Aids 
 Anti-white tweets from the Twitter Head of Integrity and calling Trump and the people in the White House Nazi's.   @a 
 		More like just another anti-White Overseas Israeli. 
 		 
 		 
 Mitchell Robinson and Knicks coach disagree on ankle injury      
 	I feel bad for this nigger 
  Tax Avoidance > They wiped out 35mill tax bill    Reminder >> 400 jobs lost when Kraft axed Cadbury’s Somerdale factory > production moved to Poland > Axed 100s of jobs at Bournville in Birmingham > Now this.          
 	I stopped buying cadburys stuff when they fucked over all the people in the Keynsham factory after they specifically said they wouldn't as part of the takeover bid. That cunt mandleson let them get away with it. So much for labour being the party for the workers.  
 		are White working class people, I don't see their noses from around corners? 
 		are White working class people, I don't see their noses from around corners? 
 Nigger 
 Love and support your race, my white brothers and sisters.   Whites (European-descended peoples) are only 7% of the world's population. We have the right to exist and the right to our own ethno-states.              #Q    
 	And you are a Moron!  
 		Stop being a faggot and stand up for your race, white man.  
 Belgium's first black mayor! How precious (yawn)    
 	I'll bet my life he will be corrupt as fuck. Something about blacks, power, and corruption. Look at Africa.hell look at how corrupt the Obama Administration was. 
 		Houston has a black mayor, and is just as corrupt as Detroit.   Diversity does not work. The result would be the same with any minority mayor: Asian, Hispanic, Italian, etc. 
 			nigger lover.lol 
 Anyone here ever do battle with Bitmain tech/service support?   I'm having a heck of a time. Their tech lack so much knowledge of the products they sell I'm having to debate with them that a unit they sold me comes with a fan or not, I'm debating this with the tech who wrote the bitmain intro to the product. Either they are retarded or scam artist, I'm undecided. 
 	There scam artist, Bit-Coin is the best scam since the Mafia invented the lottery. 
 		Any proof to your claim, good sir? 
 		It's Nothing backed up be Nothing, no Gold, Silver, Economy, County Nothing 
 	Tech support services at most sites are either volunteer-only or only at a point to sale you more of what you already have. They are their to make sure that they can have the mirage of tech support. Become your own and you will know more than they do. 
 	Tech support services at most sites are either volunteer-only or only at a point to sale you more of what you already have. They are their to make sure that they can have the mirage of tech support. Become your own and you will know more than they do. 
 WWG1WGA = A bunch nigger loving "patriots", who's existence is only secured by the rule of zog law. I'm ready and waiting for the lights to go out. 
    Chelsea Clinton: 'The horrors' of Trump administration 'won’t change my life 
 	I read the article.  As expected, Chelsea gave zero examples of said "horrors." 
 		The Hill goes out of their way to write bullshit for that retard Chelsea. Soon they'll be writing, "Chelsea said she didn't want to enter politics, but now she feels she must". It never ends. 
  
 		You're the kind of faggot who would disown his own children if they said meanie Nazi things. Fuck yourself homo. 
 Just finished watching Trump in Austin Texas rally.it was packed to the rafters.literally. And the crowd outside was down two block both ways. Big screens for the pple outside. Nice.   He had that arena all hyped and excited. What a showman. Great fun watching him. Love the boost I get from his speeches.   I am so charged, I could run for office! lol 
 	Doooo It!  get those criminals out and run! 
 		I support Mad Max for Prime Minister! lol   Relax the gun laws, and I'll go to the border and shoot me sum scum!    Redneck style. 
 			Ive never been one to support violence but i find myself changing every day! 
 				It's not violence!   It's defending your homeland, your future generation, your sack of money.   It's called nationalism. woohoo! 
 					hahah.i agree.  
 				I was an adamant no gun advocate. I now know the purpose of gun ownership, it's Not the criminal that I fear, it's the tyrannical government who would throw our democratic process out the window without a fight. Yeah, I want guns, lots of them. Free countries have gun owners. Socialist ones don't. 
 				i always tell ppl, you know when they hand in all the guns, the criminals keep theirs. it always stumps them.hahaha 
 				i always tell ppl, you know when they hand in all the guns, the criminals keep theirs. it always stumps them.hahaha 
  
 	Good Sir   I Declare   A    Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
 		. Alright Let'S Do This     
 				Rules Accepted   Have At Thee    
 					>mfw  has returned to Gab 
 						WH473VER Yuo SY4 B000001111111.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 							You need to sit Down and embrace the lawd    
 								The Lawd Cometh On Sunday Gunday.    
 									I said.   S I T    D O W N N N     
 										          
 											I'm sorry   but it appears you've pulled a technicality. "God" is in the text yes   but how about Nathan Explosion as a Priest? 
 												I will allow it because I dared to Spiderman, but.    
 													nuuuuuuuu   the  has kept his title ;_;    
 												Lmao! 
 					Bollywood Get armed with "Enthiran" 
 						 
 						 
 						 
 Kanye West segment on Cnn labeled ‘racist’ for calling singer ‘token negro of the Trump administration’   
 	A See Two Men, One Black  And One Msm Cia Traitor Nigger 
     Are you a real life Dickhead with pretendy hurty words,has someone made you cry Lollers 
 	Hahahaha stupid cunt you sucking Alice's cock?  haha look at this sad twat. I think he's doing the Sheffield slapper  
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock. fuck Elton John.    
 Good luck getting anyone who's not already likely to be on Gab to take the site seriously as a Free Speech site after that - it will at best be perceived as a Christian conservative version of Twitter, with different things it bans and allows.   Gab will always be extremely limited if it's only a place for Twitter refugees, as opposed to a full-blown alternative. 
 	i don't know how many different version you need to hear, before this sinks into your dumb cunt skull.    People did not leave when Gab threw people off for actually using legally protected speech.    No one and i mean No One is going to get on the cartoon child porn band wagon or hold a torch for you people, Sad that you can't see it, But still the case. 
 	At least you know what you are suspended for.  They shut me down with nary a word. 
 		For being conservative.  
 		Yes, and it’s wrong.  I believe it will come to a head at some point.  May not be until after November, but at some point there will not be a choice.  Until pushed back, big tech will continue to push further and further to the left. 
 	Yes. They've killed free speech.  
 	Eventually everyone gets jacked by Twitter. Poor Jack is listed as a traitor/pawn. And we heard what Kasich said happened to McStain. He was a member of the traitor/pawn club too.    
 	well. Gordon i am Banned And Suspended From Facebook And Twitter, Gab Is The Only Place I Have Seen Where We Have Full Free Speech And Expression.  
 	well. Gordon i am Banned And Suspended From Facebook And Twitter, Gab Is The Only Place I Have Seen Where We Have Full Free Speech And Expression.  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 spic tips coming 
 Un Arrested Criminal Eric Holder Demands Republicans Stop Investigating the Russian Investigation    
 	nigger weasel 
 ive learned to use the mute button on here like the trigger on a semi automatic pistol.i can mute almost 60 nazis a min now lol 
 	Have fun with the carpal tunnel the next couple days then, faggot 
 another bleeding cunt 
 Hahahahahaha You’re such a Pussy, pussy, pussy   remember that voicemail Sameed?    You dirty faggot paki!  
 faggot 
 Richard Spencer is a bolshevik faggot who has done absolutely nothing for whites. 
 	Not all Irish are Catholic, which ought to know if you're looking at reality and not just muh feelz,   
 		That's very true. There are Irish Protestants i.e. the Scotch-Irish or Scots-Irish, and the little talked about Anglo-Irish, two groups of  who did their part in founding America. 
 				. You have had your two cents worth of my time. Try saying "my fellow White people." 
 							Well, I'm no friend of the dick suckers, that part is true, but I'm not a jew either.  Noticeable that you capitalize it.  Is that part of the glory you give to them?  You just barely finished glorifying their dick sucking practices too.  Quite a lot of heritage you have to share with them. 
     Trans-athletes - the end of women's sport.  Unlisted   Dangerfield 
 		no wonder the feminists hate trannies.  this is an insanely bad idea.  
 Old Yella Stripeski- No Brains, No Brass, No Balls. No "Yes" vote today.   What is she good for, Alaska? These are times when we need bold, decisive, rational, thoughtful action from our elected officials. Americans are waking up. I think there may now be a chance of salvaging this country from the throes of apathy, hedonism, neglect, and cowardly tolerance, that we've experienced for the last twenty years.   Alaskan Voters: Fire this twat. 
 	get rid of this cunt 
 I doubt getting bored to death counts as "getting destroyed". Only thing that cunt is gonna destroy is her her own sanity, at least what's left of it. 
  most see as a Serena-light copy, Miss Sloane Stephens, seems to be taking over the ‘vocabulary’ that goes with it.  
 		Mute. 
 		   aw poor wittle butthert trobb1  
 		   aw poor wittle butthert trobb1  
 The most notable aspect of the 2018 Midterm elections is that the  have been more intemperate, more incontinent, and less disciplined than    Who would have predicted that?         
 			It's worth noting that garbage like this would be deemed "acceptable" by the would-be censors of the left. On Twitter this would not be classed as hate speech because it is anti-Trump. Everywhere else it's just illiterate drivel. 
 			It's worth noting that garbage like this would be deemed "acceptable" by the would-be censors of the left. On Twitter this would not be classed as hate speech because it is anti-Trump. Everywhere else it's just illiterate drivel. 
 It just never ends. 
 	 
 		You first shit for brains. Jew and nigger lover. 
 I am a jew lover. I was not fucked in the ass by my sand nigger daddy to grow up thinking sucking sand nigger cock is appropriate   
 When you do push-ups, simply change the angle of your hand position occasionally.   There's no need to buy a special device to help you do push-ups with different hand angles.   Unless you are retarded like  
 Recently found out Obama's slut mother is a full on fucking Jewess. I can finally do it. I can finally say faggot nigger jew and mean it! I'm so happy! 
 Nigger Demon Murderer Suge Knight, after 3 Years in Court, Finally gets Sentenced to 28 years in Prison (say Hi to Cosby).   
 Poll: How many nogs do you think are on Gab? 
 	Low Iq beta cucks like yourself are a manifestation of liberal brainwashed low Iq beta cucks living within the construct of low Iq liberal ideology.  You're welcome. 
 				u sound gay 
 						You sound like a gay faggot 
 Funny where’s all the racist niggers screaming  for justice When a white person is killed by an ape nigger with an arrest record as long as your arm ,these R  the stories that corrupt socialist Fake media hides, white people R under attack they need to fight back, shoot back,& destroy these planet of the ape  monkeys from destroying R nation& killing R children 
 I will be the loudest voice for black America.   I won’t be the most popular or even the most appreciated but I won’t stop fighting until we break the chains of leftist thought.   1619-2019= 400 years  Big announcement coming this week. 
 	Identity politics at its most disgusting.  Is "black America" okay with this Suicidal Autopsy cunt speaking for them?  Is "white America" going to watch this bitch talk her bullshit just because they think she's fuckable? 
 Cunt 
 See DONmaggot here keeps thinking that he's defending muh America from the Nahtzees.  Meanwhile his retarded kids are fucking niggers, making mulattos while he collects a .gov check because he's fucking useless to society.  That's how he "Makes America Great Again."  Sad. 
 Sinead O'Conner Converts to Islam    
 	I hope she gets hooked up with some raping misogynist muzzie neanderthal 
  
 	Use the military to remove the fat dyke from the country!  Pos skank!   
 Fuck you all, you faggot right wing assholes.        
 	Lol cracker spick and camel jockey funny to crowd but as soon as he says African American everyone decided he was gonner say nigger before he said nigger which means there the racists because there is a direct link between African American and nigger in their heads 
 Beautiful. This is how we make the world a more equal place for all people. Please repost, spread the word of god.  
 		Is he a nigger or a troll?  Both. 
 		Lol, go kiss your mamas dick you filthy American 
 		That’s right do as I say. You’re Papas Bitch 
 		no, I installed temple os 
 		no, I installed temple os 
 Wow. You must be a leftist faggot your troll skills are pathetic.  
 			Heads Up Folks, we have a Jew infiltrator, Enemy of the State, Treat with Extreme Prejudice.   Dominic   .  Love that Negative 238 Score, you're in the Wrong Place here Kike. And, that's Not my Name, Try again Hebe. 
 Democraps  better work hard at Loosing every election    This Is Our World NATIONALIsT SOCIALIsT           I Love This Gif I am 100% against hitting women I've never hit one myself   But a liberal feminist Dyke it's not a woman and they have been green-lighted for they are race traitors 
 Dumb ass nigger with a gun thinks it's a joke.  Put a bullet in his head & see if he still laughs.  (Just kidding!)   Student threatens teacher with fake gun outside Paris, France. | French Viral Video |    
 Like it. Fucking love it anyone else that had half a brain would have lasted a few months more. Austrian mentally retarded drug addict. Drink up mazel tov  
 Pittsburgh Shooter Named  is Nazi Robert Bowers  Hates Donald Trump, Says Trump Controlled by Jews   Shooter was screaming, All Jews must die! 
 	Did this stupid monkey shoot himself too, or was the Nazi faggot too much of a pussy? 
 	Yes but being he is in prison and has admitted to it they will add something to his sentence. But all im saying is someone in the united states should go down to that prison and find another nigger give him a pack of cigarettes to jump old ooga booga who jumped feilds 
 		I know right just like your punk as bitch sand nigger threats fucking fuck you wop dego bitch 
 If you post a video give some indication of what it is. I don't have the interest to sample it simply because it's there. Give it a title or something. Don't be a nigger 
 	I keep telling people the enemies are within,   but no one seems to listen it boggles the mind 
 	I keep telling people the enemies are within,   but no one seems to listen it boggles the mind 
 	Glad I gave up my British citizenship long ago. 
 	Glad I gave up my British citizenship long ago. 
 Thanks Gab Nazis now we all get to be called Nazis by  until they pull the next Nutjob out for some killing spree and totally damaging Gab Rep for everyone at the same time. Leftists suck 
 		When a Nazi gets mad.it's funny because the response is always the same when mad or not   Typical Leftists 
 				because you are a troll loser Leftist cunt  
 Thanks Gab Nazis now we all get to be called Nazis by  until they pull the next Nutjob out for some killing spree and totally damaging Gab Rep for everyone at the same time. Leftists suck 
 		When a Nazi gets mad.it's funny because the response is always the same when mad or not   Typical Leftists 
 				you are so retarded its actually hilarious.thats why I keep you around always doing and saying the dumbest shit. You bring me many laughs on gab  
 		Shooting friend who lived in Africa for many years reckons Ramaphosa knows very well that they'll be starving in no time if they drive out the white Farmers, and that this is only going to go so far. 
 		Sincerely hope so, but I do wonder how many farmers will want to continue living in Sa, knowing how volatile things are?  
 		He believes the Chinese will feed them (or at least the wholesale transfer of the nations physical wealth to China will afford his special chosen with enough $ not to care). 
 		He believes the Chinese will feed them (or at least the wholesale transfer of the nations physical wealth to China will afford his special chosen with enough $ not to care). 
 Over the weekend while I was away attending a funeral, my sweet baby cat Nera died.she was the best cat I've ever owned, and was truly unique.   It breaks my heart I wasn't home when she passed.I hope you'll indulge me posting a photo and a painting of her. The painting was done by Candace Wagner  last year.   Please give your pet a hug or pat before you leave the house, each and every time.    
 			I agree Hollian, it take a special kind of retard for that kind of display. 
 Nigger tax 
 lol nigger was triggered 
 	Right wing non-Christians should hold Pagans to the same standard they do Christianity. The Pagan/Folk movement is painfully gynocentric and openly attacks pro white Christians, then dares to say we put religion before race.  Time to purge marxist Paganism from the right, lads. They are not helpful.  
 		Paganism is Ok with hate, and hate is what we need. 
 			Race and Religion in the Modern Pagan World  via  Oh no. Paganism is all about accepting all races, beliefs and backgrounds. Very tolerant, unlike Christianity. Christianity was attacked and pozzed by Jews for being intolerant of miscegenation, and seeking Justice against evil.  
 				See? Two can play deny the concept of Naxalt. Paganism is AntiWhite for putting religion before race and attacking their Pro White Christian Brothers and Sisters.  
 					Christianity is meme malware that acts as conceptual Aids, destroying the cultural immune system. Almost anything is an upgrade from that. 
 						Assumption. Jews admit that is what their religion does to others. Christianity stands in the way of Jews. Paganism poses no threat to them. Christianity is the only religion that does.  
 							Christianity commands you to shut down your friend-enemy discriminator.   There are attempts to undo the cancerous teaching of Jesus On The Far Right. They have no influence. Every major denomination is for the invasion of the West and promotes radical, universal altruism. 
 								That’s literally Hinduism. Hinduism seeks to reinterpret all other religions and assimilate them into their religion like jewels in a crown, making them tolerant (Dharma) and eventually conquering via trade.   Christianity is the most discrimitory, hostile to foreign trade, and pushed self reliance so one didn’t have to associate with racial aliens.  
 									This is the usual utter vomit of garbage thinking I've come to expect from Christian apologists.   Jesus the faggot straight up says not to hate. 
 Don Lemon: I'm not part of the Resistance   Washington Free Beacon  Published on 12 Oct 2018              #TRUMP2020  
 		Fuck Cnn and Fuck the niggers. especially nigger faggots 
 This one is for Clarence Spangle. He has a great fondness for British music and he just fuckin' loves the English. Hope ya like it Cs.    
 	Fuck you stupid ass faggot English and your muslim parliament that wanted to ban Donald Trump. have fun getting fucked without any guns.   Here's some real American blood and guts rock.    
 With the right counsel, witnesses, strategy, and support, the fact that James Fields is innocent may very well shine through in the courtroom.   Our side is too quick to pre-emptively accept defeats when faced with what seem like insurmountable odds.   When you believe the other side is invincible, you become an unwitting agent of defeat. They're not. 
 	One of the biggest post-Cville blackpills is watching most of the movement treat James like he's radioactive material.   There is so much evidence in his favor. This case is winnable.   And it'd do much for both James and movement morale if we expressed support for him, even in small ways.  
 		And at least one commie cunt hit his car with a club - which no doubt sounded like a shot inside the car. 
 Thank god I grew up having discussions with my father on why Democrats were so stupid!  Back in the 70's they were not as mentally insane as they are now! Democrats are beyond retarded at this point! 
 Who is sick of all the jewish haters wanna-be Nazis, whose claims are shallow, based in no facts, & need to read their Bibles/History Books.to actually learn a thing called the Truth? 
 		  No, faggot  
  
 	This retard took an oath to defend and uphold the constitution, doesn't even know what it says.   
 	"demon semen" Hahaha 
 	"demon semen" Hahaha 
 - Shit skins always trying to exercise their faggot brown nonsense.    
 Why would a people continue to go by 'judean' 2,000 years after the province was annihilated? Do we still go by 'Roman?' Wake your faggot ass up and pay attention. The truth is right before you but you have to put your arrogant chin up and make some emotive, irrelevant statement. The sin in the world today was foretold in scripture, so we win again. 
 	Embrace the retard 
 				That’s like saying because You are a nazi tool of Lucifer All the rest of the Americans are nazi tools of Lucifer. You have to have some common sense when reading the scriptures you have to have some discernment, unfortunately once you reject the Jew Jesus in favor of the false Nordic Jesus you lose bothe common sense and discernment  
 						Well there’s your problem Jesus bloodlines are well documented Yerba you reject him and as a result he has rejected you repent leave your cult of hate 
 															Are you aware that "el satan" only means "adversary" and was used to describe many people, throughout scripture? That the "serpent in the garden" was only labeled as "the devil" later on? 
 Oh, honeyA porn star is in No Place to make judgments of another person. What a week. What a week.             
 			Well, *We* say that, but Potus pulled up a bit before going quite that far, no matter how accurate the epithet may be. 
 		The glue factory says they are missing an old "plug" horse that was scheduled for the works.Stormy had better hide before they find her and take her back or she's Glue.( And I'd never lick another envelope for the rest of my life!) 
 		The glue factory says they are missing an old "plug" horse that was scheduled for the works.Stormy had better hide before they find her and take her back or she's Glue.( And I'd never lick another envelope for the rest of my life!) 
 "Queen Elizabeth Claims She Is ‘Direct Descendant Of Prophet Muhammad’          Islamisation of Uk reaching a final stage, it seems.     Now is the time to rise up in the millions, otherwise . 
 	"YourNewsWire is a Los Angeles-based clickbait news website known for promoting conspiracy theories and pseudoscience misinformation. The website is founded and edited by Sean Adl-Tabatabai."  Source:  
 		Diana was killed for many reasons but probably one of them was to create a tragic heroic story about a love between a British Princess and a Muzzie hero. The rest is history: had the entire Uk walk into the Islamisation trap. Psychological warfare. 
  
 	Chicks getting high is sssoooo hot!  Sorry.  It’s is though.  
 		Watching them become even more retarded is Hawt 
 Something needs to be done to stop the victims of today waiting 16 years for justice.   The rape gangs operate from the same hotspots in Rotherham, calls are made to the police who don’t even bother to go & check.   And the paedos are free to gang rape the next generation of children.     The#1400Campaign 
 	corbyn, a marxist cunt 
 		Moron! You're saying Tommy Robinson has been putting his own life and those of his wife and kids, been attacked and sent to prison for his beliefs for years.just to sell some books? Let's see you write a book about your Nazi ideas when everyone knows who you are. See how you get on lol 
 			I have a theory about these idiots who keep calling Tommy Jewish.  They are either Right Wing Watch Trolls planting devide & conquer stories to demonize influential peoples reputations.  Or they could be Muslim Trolls trying to do the same?  Cause there can't be that many nutters that believe this shit.  
 						Here he is, Mongo No Lie. Not happy I met a gorgeous black girl last weekend who is way out of his league lol 
 								Correction! Only you and your ilk don't find any black girls attractive. Because attractive black girls don't want the likes of you. More left wing jealousy. And most of my girlfriends have been white. Only dated 3 black girls in decades :) 
 												Sort of getting better.ish lol 
 Hi I'm special because I like penis in my anus. 
 	It's really much sadder and twisted, like this: "Please, I will be the fool, the faggot which you require, only let me be a liar".  
 	Well, I notice that the local talk-radio republicucks are yakking 'bout antifa now.   Wake-up time?   We'll see. 
 			Politicians are reactionary. They don't do anything on their own. They are responding to what their voters have been bitching at them about. Proactive politicians do not exist. 
 					What will that translate into policywise?   Is the Gop going to be "tough" on the mob? Please note their current policy agenda includes "prison reform" which is the exact opposite of their messaging. It is strongly supported by the Koch brothers 
 						Not if people like Hunter Wallace talk everyone who cares about using the Gop against the anti-white mob into removing themselves from electoral politics.   The problem with using the shortcomings of a political party as a means by which to scare people away from the process that determines its leadership and platform is that it results in the very shortcomings that one is criticizing.    If you want to meet your fate on the road you took to avoid it, abstain from electoral politics. As the agorists in the libertarian and anarcho-capitalist communities have demonstrated, abstinence is a great way to accomplish nothing while staying entirely irrelevant. 
 							There is no border wall. Illegal aliens continue to pour over the border. The political capital was spent on tax cuts and deregulation and massive increases in military spending. The Us embassy was moved to Jerusalem. Enormous sanctions were imposed on Russia. We attacked Syria twice 
 														Bwahahahha, a mentally ill nigger? Watch that nigger get back on his lithium and do a 180 in 2019. 
 oh  
 	Fuck that cunt  
 he looks alot better than this nigger lover rn. but yeah hes a dick sucking jew lover so. meh 
 Now they’re mad that White women look better than they do when getting arrested on purpose. 
 	Better, better. Lets support this Toxic Feminism against White women. They will be out of it, not because "good reasons", but cause the browns and blacks will kick the hell of them out of there.  White women cannot be just alone in the wild, after being kicked out will come again to our flock. More of this nigger feminism, please! 
 Odin.   Nope, Hitler and he was Catholic.     
 	Been getting harassed by butthurt Pagans lately? 
 		That was bound to happen. Eventually they'll learn or go away.  I'm one of the sadly few Pagans who is at peace with Christianity. I know the truth of the identitarian and anti-Jewish origins of Christendom, and I fully respect the Christian founding of the Reich, 
 			Based pagan is best pagan. Take note of this man,  fanboys :) 
 				Anti-Christian Pagans are Jews 
 						A bit triggered Hymie?   I forgive you.     
 							And stop acting like I said the Nsdap wasn't Christian dipshit. I said Pagan symbols have a cultural connection to German heritage and that the Nsdap used pagan symbols for their cultural meaning and values.  
 								I kiss your mother with this mouth. And disrespect with a polite vocabulary is still disrespectful. I'd trust a man who calls me a faggot to my face before I would trust someone who hide their truth behind a passive sneer. 
 9th October 1975 the Ira murdered Edward Gleeson, 29. Married father of 2. Soldier murdered when 500 lb landmine exploded under armoured car near Crossmaglen. Lady about to overtake vehicle escaped injury. Army said Ira blatantly disregarded ceasefire which was in place.      
 		An American obviously, that was an observation not an insult. The Ira are a Marxist organisation who are for the Islamification of Ireland. During the troubles they killed many more Catholics than the British troops. They want a Communist Ireland & are willing to genocide the white Irish to get it. 
 		The Ira will let them in that's my point they are behind what is happening to Ireland. Communism = immigration. Ffs. 
 		Take my chance with the Prods besides they know & are cruel & vindictive. 
 		Take my chance with the Prods besides they know & are cruel & vindictive. 
 Seven months pregnant.   Still screaming at people in restaurants 
 	That cunt has reproduced?  Just what we need.  More people with made up genders and mental illness. 
 		That child will rebel against her leftist ways & probably will have her committed 
 		That child will rebel against her leftist ways & probably will have her committed 
 So this is how it is?  Misconduct in the ancient past is grounds to deny you a seat on the Supreme Court. Recent and reoccurring misconduct gives you the right to sit in judgement of someone accused of long past misconduct. Interesting how that works, isn't it? 
 	Feinstein should have been sentenced - to be Hanged as a Traitor = Communist China Spy - if her Acts of Treason and Espionage had not been Covered Up by usurper obama - by 2013.   Feinstein would not have been on the Senate Judiciary Committee to pull this Con Game upon America - w those Lying Skanks - as another Cia Hit. 
 		So should Trump, His family, all of the Gop and most of you pieces of poop. 
 			You can label patriots with the word nazi all you want.  I'll continue to identify you as a faggot sjw commie that probably needs to be burned in the street. 
 They were looking for an excuse and that retard gave it to them on a silver platter. The guy was anti Trump, he was one of them. I'm kinda surprised the nazi's are still running their mouths after this shit, the Fbi is watching and taking names. 
 I want everyone to look carefully at the truck door in this pic & then try to keep lying to yourselves that kikes arnt behind immigration!   Update: Here’s the video! Go to 3:21 to see the star.      They're not hiding their involvement anymore.            
 	Can you say "photoshop"? 
 		Lol like pottery. The Jew Programmed NPCs come out to defend their programmers. 
 				You cant really blame them though, just gotta try to have fun at their expense. They are, after all, Programmed People. 
 					They refuse to let go of their pride. A red pen is in front of them & they fight till the death to tell you it’s blue. 
 					They refuse to let go of their pride. A red pen is in front of them & they fight till the death to tell you it’s blue. 
 Dare to dream. That hammer is going right up your Islamic arse, cunt  
 Sweden Indicts Woman Who Tried to Block Afghan Man's Deportation on Flight.  
 	Silly Twat that stopped the deportation of an Afghan sex offender indicted by the Swedish judiciary. 
    Edit:  just gave this thing the perfect name. It's an Agender porkchop.  
 	Fucking retarded cunt. 
 Meanwhile in Reddit land. 
 		Same 
 		Same 
 The Remarkable Candace Owens Launches Blexit Movement at Tpusa Youth Black Leadership Conference (Video)     
 	They need to blexit their nigger selves back to their country. The founders didn't want them to be citizens for a reason.  
 	The Origin Of The Word Nigger Derives  from the word niggardly, old english, look up it's meaning  
 "This investigation is a sham!" she wrote on her Twitter account. "How can Fbi investigators possibly get to the bottom of all this stuff Kavanaugh definitely did if they don't talk to a woman who acts in movies and stuff?"  
 	Wow. so. who the fuck does this libturd Cunt think she is? I hated her long before this, now. I can't think of nasty enough words to call her! 
 what a gianormous faggot 
 Japan rejects our criminal nigger military presence.    
 stupid fucking Nigger 
 Awww    
 	The closest that that cunt ever got to talent was standing next to Sonny on stage. 
  
 	working link-looks like everybody having fun in an infinitely more tame video than the average nigger shit.  
  
 	.@SecretService                                                                                                                                                                                               @     
 		Come on now.like that cunt is 5'7"?  
 	Antifa (mostly white) fighting Nazis (who are white)? Not to much room for interpretation given the establishment narrative.  
 	This is true.  
 	This is true.  
 Faggot 
 Call me a nigger call me a kike or chink or faggot or whatever floats your boat. I would rather hear offensive speech then lose my voice to say what I want when I want  
 Call me a nigger call me a kike or chink or faggot or whatever floats your boat. I would rather hear offensive speech then lose my voice to say what I want when I want  
  
 	Fucking clone of Akenaton if ever i saw one. A gay mulatto clone married to a nigger tranny. 
 51% of Americans disapprove of Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme Court, according to a new poll    
 	Another bullshit liberal poll  
 		After 2016 only a fucking retard would believe any polls  
 If Trump replaces globalist cunt Haley with someone half way palatable I might vote in the mid terms instead of staying home. I suspect it will just be a different globalist though. 
 If Trump replaces globalist cunt Haley with someone half way palatable I might vote in the mid terms instead of staying home. I suspect it will just be a different globalist though. 
 Hate preacher Anjem Choudary only served 2 1/2 years for terrorism -   Uk Proposes Six Year Prison Sentences for Online Posts Against Religion, Transgender    
 	The Uk is a friggin joke. The limpwristed faggot brits are worthless 
 What? You mean on the land Israel captured from Muhammadans when they tried sneak attacking with combined armies twice, and lost both times. That land is Israeli now. They very kindly let Islamics there govern themselves. I'd have kicked the lot out 45 years ago for complicity. 
 	hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 I'm getting one. 
 	Anyone within that distance is within my personal space. You are at your own risk if you do something sudden and unfamiliar. In my early 20s a roommate coming through a window woke me up screaming. I was trying to break his back in my sleep. 
 		A Youtuber put up a vid, what would you do if a teen or a retarded person broke in your home?  I said, "they'd be a dead teen and a dead retard.  She took it down lol.   
    Israeli Help is on the Way to Hurricane Michael Victims 
 	Are there fresh organs to be had? 
 		Another retard . 
 Rt AmyMek    Sweden is Gone!  Swedish "feminists" demand non-muslim women "respect" Sharia & embrace the beauty of having multiple wives (also child brides) who can help take care of the man, home & children  It increasingly appears that it will be Sweden that integrates into Islamic culture  
 	Looks like Swedes are full muzzie now, it’s going to be hell on earth for women especially.  
 Remember that day in band camp, 40 years ago, when  had a few too many drinks? 
 	Can’t wait for this evil cunt to hang. 
 Migrant cuts throat of Swedish student and stabs him 13 times - brags to friends about it    
 	Oh hey look, total nigger bullshit comin' out after importing niggers.  Shocker. 
 I think you'll find in most private firms, if anyone starts being openly racist including blacks, they'll get the chop. Bad for moral and productivity. Many reasons you can find for sacking idiots ;) 
 	Is that why you are unemployable? 
 								No! You are welcome to come round to "get me" as you said you would several times. But you don't want a hammer in your skullcap so you bottled it. Just like Agent Orange did. Now go and sit in a corner somewhere and chew your feet in shame coward :) 
 									You bottled it and still play the hard man lol.  You live like a coward and seem obsessed with chewing feet. 
 										I said you could come and get me a month ago lad. Still waiting. Anyway. Need to shoot off for a bit. The wanker tenants I got rid of are coming round to give me 760 they owe me in cash. Been though the court and told them at 9pm I will be pressing the online button to get the bailiffs round. That woke them up. Isn't capitalism great :) 
 											You bottled a meet 3 times. Fact. Stop playing the hard man as everyone knows you a a sniveling coward. 
 												See John    Constant repetition and claiming false victory. Typical signs of mental illness. Over and beyond the standard mental illness that is socialism. Agent Orange displays these traits too. He wanted to come and get me as well, but failed to show lol 
 												See John    Constant repetition and claiming false victory. Typical signs of mental illness. Over and beyond the standard mental illness that is socialism. Agent Orange displays these traits too. He wanted to come and get me as well, but failed to show lol 
 Paki monkey likes big girls dough. Oh! I get it,the filthy evil muzzie no eat no swine ya. Sucking on big fat traitor scum toes dough. Big fatties rolling around like pigs on the floor  
 Hidding his stukkende vet poes get bunnion onion poephol kapper face behind a plastic mask and running fooken kali linux like cunt 
 	Faggot nigger. I fixed it.  
 	Sense of humour anyone? No? 
 	Sense of humour anyone? No? 
 'Sunday Night' Football Ratings Crash.  
 	I don't watch Retarded Racists! 
 Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on Abc, Cbs and Abc. It is Fake News! Don’t worry, the Failing New York Times didn’t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!  6:01 am - 10 Oct 2018 
 	100 % negative, the so called positive stories are filled with retarded backhanded Bs. Media research center are controlled opposition hacks that use lame examples of bias from the 90's bozel is a retard 
 Here's a group I made, it's called Rape Feminists. I advise people Not to rape feminists, since most of them are hideous ghouls and soulless golems. Also, if you rape and go to jail, you'll be raped by a huge nigger and your anus will suffer permanent damage.   
 		 high five  
 		 
 		no eye brows 
 		suc a clique 
 		suc a clique 
 A perfect example of the inverted Orwellian World! Aimed completely at Racist Retarded Democrats!  
  Allowed on Twitter. 
 	Yep, but mention Muslims and you get locked out for a week!  Or mention Ike's Operation Wetback and gt locked out for a week and called "Hateful"!  
 Tucker Debates Aclu Political Director on Kavanaugh Ad     
 	Some of Tucker's monologues are great, but he's not the right guy to be interviewing the unrepentant liars and propagandists he invites on his show.  And that NeoCon faggot Britt Hume? Who the hell cares what he thinks about anything? (Besides diehard BushBots, that is.) 
 oh, White men (and asians, of course) get penalized in admissions at the military academies for the sake of Diversity.    we'd rather have more Diversity than good officers. Full infection of the highest ranks of the officer corps. Thx General Casey & Obama & Bush!      who knew!      
 	"whites get penalized" may as well be the epitaph of america. 
 		1 of the 1st things Clinton did was ok all Army soldiers that didnt serve actively in an Airborne unit, wear berets (A symbol of elite tier status that had to be earned via Airborne unit (Maroon), Ranger (Black), and Special Forces (Green)). Prior to that, non-airborne units wore cunt caps. It was the beginning of participation trophy Usa. 
 Well i wish i was either a nigger or a jew that way i could stand in the street and cry that this is everyone else fault but mother nature. Had a wind storm take out my 130 yr old oak and my truck. unlike the spooks i wont cry about this for a 100 yrs 
 Fox Business Network pulls out of Saudi summit amid Khashoggi crisis      
 	Msm cares more about 1 muzzie reporter than a Us Ambassador and his security detail in Benghazi. Fuck you Msm. 
 fuck the nigger felon league 
 Robert Mueller to Release Russia Findings Immediately After 2018 Midterms  Dan Bongino  
 	Is Bongino a guinea or a coon?  
 		hard to tell, right? He is Italian, but there Has to be a nigger in the woodpile. 
       So much good about this one. 
 	Matrix Reloaded is underrated. 
 		I know, lots of people called it Matrix Retarded probably because of all the mulatto orgies and confused producers and stuff, but teh graphex were pretty elite. Lotta CPUs melted to make that. 
 Op "Caucasian Nigger Terrorist"    When the Adl sends their people, they are not sending their best people. 
 I muted Robert Bowers  several days ago because of his anti Semitic posts. Seems to be alot of that here. I chalk it up to the scum seeing an opportunity to skewer the Gab name by making accounts here and espousing hatred towards Jews in particular. I also see a bit of it directed at Blacks. Not a Conservative viewpoint. Just like  
 		That was impressive. Your mommy and daddy would be proud. 
 		That was impressive. Your mommy and daddy would be proud. 
 I’m gonna grab em by the antifa Abdul 
 	Ohhh I. Wouldn't get my fingers dirty on your faggot race of infidels.  I'll Let Allah decide your horrible fate!  As is the rightful practice of Islam. 
 Elections don't matter. If they did they would not be allowed to exist anymore.   If you're still falling for that con, you fully deserve to get fucked over by your "party of choice".   You asked for it at that point. 
 	The system is illegitimate but unless you try to work within to tear it down, I don't see an out. This dumb idea that by voting you legitimize the system was already disproven by the Greeks a very long time ago. If you don't participate in the system you just get ruled over by inferiors or the worst people. 
 		You get ruled by the worst people in a democracy no matter what you do.   That's something no one can disprove - all petty drama politics aside. 
 			This Larpy idea that if you don't vote/engage that the system shrieks and disappears in a puff of smoke/just ceases being is something that some AnCaps have floated but the reality is that it doesn't work that way. You have to engage with the system in some way to get rid of it. 
 				Literally Democracy = "Ok people, let's break up into 2 groups." 
 						But even at its' core it's divisive.   Monarchy did a lot of bad shit, but it didn't divide the nation on national issues. It divided on class.   I like the idea of dividing on class by way of the pillar of society - the working family.   Let a working family vote, 1 vote per family. 
 						But even at its' core it's divisive.   Monarchy did a lot of bad shit, but it didn't divide the nation on national issues. It divided on class.   I like the idea of dividing on class by way of the pillar of society - the working family.   Let a working family vote, 1 vote per family. 
    poppies and opium   the blood spilt for the jews to do more poison   may the dead be avenged 
 	Ok white poppy's have been a thing since red poppy's red or white all good as long as they are to remember the fallen and oh main thing red poppy Go To Veterans white poppy's mean your a cunt who got fucked over by someone stealing veterans money cunts  
 There are Niggers and Fucking Rich Niggers ! You know your Fucking Rich when you ride home in a Heliocopter after playing in the Nigger Basketball League !   Like Labron James Does ! 
 The leftist worthless nigger mayor of Houston must be hating today. Trump is here tonight, they had to change to a bigger venue. Because Trump is not a leftist. hahahhahaha. and mayor Sylvester turner is worthless 
  @a c/c     There are obvious foreign trolls on Gab, posing as White Nationalists & Trump supporters.   They are currently trying to sow division, demoralize conservative voters, spreading anti-Trump/anti-Republican propaganda, and discouraging people from voting.   This is foreign election interference. Will Gab do anything about this? 
 	Hopefully no. We don't need any echo chambers. If your ideology can't withstand a little shit posting, then your ideology is trash! You political rivals will throw everything they can at you, and it will be you looking like an Npc if all you can do is spout buzzwords. 
 		How fucking thick are u? I'm not here to argue. I'm not volunteering hours of my time to argue. I'm not interested in changing people's opinions. Everyone is entitled to their own. Get this thru your fkg retarded brain - I am talking about Anti-American Paid Trolls. Didn't threaten you. Told you. You are that fucking pathetic you may as well not exist. Fuck Off! 
 Our failure to mobilize and litigate on behalf of our political prisoners is more than merely a moral black eye, it's the kind of failure that has a chilling effect on future mobilization for years to come. 
 	I was hit with 3 false criminal charges and 3 bullshit lawsuits as a result of the rally. I've had to fight through this stuff, not with community support, but with the majority of the community actively attacking me and rooting for my failure. Why would anyone ever put themselves on the line under those conditions? 
 		I fight for people who haven't been born yet and people who are already dead.  This movement makes a human knife block of anybody who attempts to go beyond its actual purpose, which is to be a therapy and support group for young republicans who wish to make nigger jokes behind closed doors. 
 "And just fucking remember, I wear the trousers in this house not you, now get my fucking tea made. "   "Talk to me like that again you cunt and you can lick your own pussy, I'll fuck off to my mums. "   I love it when I can hear the lesbians next door fighting. " 
 The term 'tsundere' is retarded and pointless, even on a sexual level. Expose the liars who claim they're being funny for impersonating these tropes. 
 The term 'tsundere' is retarded and pointless, even on a sexual level. Expose the liars who claim they're being funny for impersonating these tropes. 
 Hmmm.statistics seem to indicate that nigger and Latino gun nuts are.but mafs is racist. 
    Uranium One: Fbi Refuses To Release Three-Dozen Secret Memos Involving Clintons, Russia And Obama  DAHBOO777 
 	The Continuing Faggot Hoover, Adulterous, Leacherous Fbi. Will Protect The Global Elitegovcorp Deep State Against All Enemies Foreign And Domestic.  Fml 
 what do you think of jews? 
 		kind of agree with that 
 		You seem to know a lot about sperm guzzling, Ken. Speaking from experience, eh?   
 		what are you a gay fish 
 		what are you a gay fish 
 On top of his game.   
 	Wigger 
 	I’m just trying to light a fire under your boy cunt so you fuck will raise up and expelled those forgien invaders but I guess you’re too busy cuckolding for your government  
  
 		i agree, she's unreal. that's all the dems have, apparently. the rest are just as bad & most of them criminals.  
 		i agree, she's unreal. that's all the dems have, apparently. the rest are just as bad & most of them criminals.  
 We have some improvements to the mute button coming in the next week or so. They include:   Timed mutes: decide how long you want the mute to last for.   Disassociation: the muted person can no longer leave comments on your posts, but can still see your public content and quote your posts to their own followers.    Force Unfollow: the muted person can no longer follow you (we already have this, but are making it easier to access while muting.)    When you mute someone there will be a series of these prompts.    How long do you want to mute this person for?   Do you not want this person commenting on your posts?   Do you not want this person to follow you?    After many discussions with the community we believe this is the best middleground between freedom of speech and freedom of association. Ultimately it gives you more control over your own experience and thus more individual liberty. 
 	So Literally blocking? 
 			I understand better Still, you can bet blocking Will be a real feature on this site 
 			I understand better Still, you can bet blocking Will be a real feature on this site 
 	German authorities may be politically correct in many cases, but that generally does not extend to cover Americans.   
 	German authorities may be politically correct in many cases, but that generally does not extend to cover Americans.   
 			Not all. you have your Hollywood beauties who are retarded too. 
 She Needs To Shut Up 
 	She is an imbecile!  Pure and simple. 
 		You are being much too nice to that retarded bitch 
 		Moron! You're saying Tommy Robinson has been putting his own life and those of his wife and kids, been attacked and sent to prison for his beliefs for years.just to sell some books? Let's see you write a book about your Nazi ideas when everyone knows who you are. See how you get on lol 
 						Here he is, Mongo No Lie. Not happy I met a gorgeous black girl last weekend who is way out of his league lol 
 								Correction! Only you and your ilk don't find any black girls attractive. Because attractive black girls don't want the likes of you. More left wing jealousy. And most of my girlfriends have been white. Only dated 3 black girls in decades :) 
 															hey jonny whats with the fake pic it proves you are a cunt  
 She thinks she’s relevant enough to be recognized in public.   Imagine being this egotistical over simply not being shot. 
 	A Racist retarded bitch like her deserves to be Shot!  What a piece of shit! 
  
 		 
 		 
 kike rhymes with dyke for a reason 
 Numbers don't lie.  Cnn and Msnpc does. 
 	Msnpc.Lol thanks David 
 			Right Wing Fascists? Funny  .it's the Left who wants to take our guns, free speech and cries victimhood when it doesn't gets its way. Hitler did all three. Oh the irony of it all. A true Fascist will always point its finger at others and yell Fascist!   Now go away and take your Antifa ideology with you.  Trump 2020  
 			Right Wing Fascists? Funny  .it's the Left who wants to take our guns, free speech and cries victimhood when it doesn't gets its way. Hitler did all three. Oh the irony of it all. A true Fascist will always point its finger at others and yell Fascist!   Now go away and take your Antifa ideology with you.  Trump 2020  
  
 	a loud mouthed nigger bitch that needs a knock in the head, stop letting these loud mouthed nigger welfare queens ruin america, slap the bitch in her mouth  
    If people don't start exercising their second amendment rights soon, it will be more then just Steven Crowder and his group receiving leftist violence and aggressive threats from fat communist soylant Npc's. 
 		I have too many to count.  Unfortunately when dealing with a lefty they are so retarded they cannot comprehend a thing I say so it is kind of a waste  of time to be honest.  Here is my description of a Ny times reader though! New York Times Reader Brain Description: Zombie Like Unconscious Gullible Moron whose proclivities towards Fascist, Sexist, Racist, Bigoted activities hold no limitations; Arrogant simpleton; A polluted thumb drive with no critical thinking skills to discern facts from suggestive conjecture; Vacancy sign permanently posted while vacuous vomit drips unrestrained. Part of an angry drooling mob. 
 When you are all ready to take the  meme to a level that's going to piss off zee left, a warped side of a fandom & a media company run by lunatics. You let me know and we'll start ops. Would post something like this on /b/ /pol/ but those who know 4chan is going retard slowly. Anyways.  
  
 	Meet the nasty ape  bitch with the big  nigger ape mouth  That  should’ve been hung from a tree  maxine lady mouths baby daddy  
  
 	Dumb twat say what ? 
 Correction: National Socialists.  Get it straight. 
 	Correction: Democratic Socialists use government to weaken the people to build dependency on the state.  National Socialists use government to strengthen the people to build independence from the state. 
 		So says another Nazi. The gold standard for truthfulness. 
 				The holocaust is proof of the pudding 
 					They repeat it out of context endlessly. Gets old, if I were quoting something to my opponents and someone said something was wrong with the quote, I'd check. I care about being correct and will change according to the facts. What's wrong with the average Npc? 
 					They repeat it out of context endlessly. Gets old, if I were quoting something to my opponents and someone said something was wrong with the quote, I'd check. I care about being correct and will change according to the facts. What's wrong with the average Npc? 
 Shut up you fat clown 
 	Pig bull dyke . 
 	Presidential alert system triggers first purge violence. 
 	I can't help but wonder if you at all differentiate between "Niggers" and good, Christian, industrious Black folks, or do you not see a difference? 
 	When most good people die,they may have some metal in their body,like Titanium or others from surgeries,or schrapnel  from some war action.Blacks usually end up with lead . 
 		I figured you were describing a new scrap metal scam. Yikes. 
 		I figured you were describing a new scrap metal scam. Yikes. 
 What the fuck does saying nigger have to do with the survival of the white race?  
 What the fuck does saying nigger have to do with the survival of the white race?  
 I would literally just have been a combination of these two if I was a girl wtf 
 	Retarded please, keep the memes. She need help, so a caring lover could do a lot to make her happy. 
 		I saw her first Damn it! 
 		I saw her first Damn it! 
 Rt BillTufts    Canada to admit nearly 1 million immigrants over the next 3 years   That's like a new Calgary every 3 years.  How many housing units need to be built?      
 		Canada? Or their masters at the Un? 
 		the millions of immigrants they want to shove in there 
 		the millions of immigrants they want to shove in there 
 liberalism is a mental disease 
 	Woe to the boy with a retarded moron for a mother. 
 This pathetic site is run by a Nigger who doesn't really give a damn about free speech.  He takes offense to your naughty drawings and it makes his pp feel funny so he doesn't like that one Bit!    @a 
 Ny. Nigger Threatened to Kill Every White Person    Support:     *Anonymously report aliens: (866) 347-2423  The Hidden War:  
 Can you feel the desperation of these weak Nazis just before the Usa midterms?   It Is As Bad As The Demonrats. Damn!   No wonder these "socialists" (Nazis and demonrats) are the same kind of people both Infected by the hive mind virus. :eek:   +1 (Neo)             
 	Fuk off 2 Twitter jackass. You talk 2 much bull shit for 1 person. U fuking regurgitate shit, u know fuk all about neo Nazis  
 		Your profile says, neon nazi, ffs, its neo nazi, and I will gas u first. U profile is ridden with hate. Fuk off retard 
 All Muslims !   David Lammy condemns the truth being told .   A lady caller to Nick Ferarri on Lbc raised a very interesting point about grooming gangs in Europe . All across Europe they too are having the same problem . In Holland the grooming gangs are Moroccan and Turkish . Where as in the Uk the majority of grooming gangs are of Bangla Deshi  or Pakistanis  . 
 	No surprise. Same 1400 year old mindset, same retard level Iq, same non-existent empathy, and a tradition of wrapping a rotting corpse in the bizarre glitter of the 'divine'. 
 The sand nigger muhammed needs to be browner, medieval, and fucking a goat.  
 Paul Michael Watson     
 	.intersectionalism writ large.   For those who dont bore themselves with this level of detail, intersectionalism is the mother of most modern class warfare, it literally means the point where the various grievance boys and girls meet.   .now arent u glad u didnt ask?   .thought so.lol 
 		I’m a fan of Paul Joseph Watson and I found this video funny We can all say we’re part Latino black Asian What does it matter I’m proud of my white heritage but I could be 1/1024 Black as well Will the left accept me like they seem to want to accept Pocahontas? 
 			Race is really a mental construct. Mankind has been around long enough to have seriously intermixed. This is why the bargain basement nazis and Joooooooooooooooooooooo haters here are so comical. Most are dumber than Maxine Waters. 
 				And Gab is full of these ignorant, small minded dolts. I just read a thread, I swear, the sheer lack of understanding of social history was alarming. Some are certainly faux Nazi plants. Others actually believe the whole "pure" race construct. 
 					okay be a cunt then and refuse to even consider having an open mind.  
 	So you have faith in Geologists then?  Good thing a geologist has never been wrong. 
 					Wrong again,Yehovh has been with God the heavenly father before the world was, in spirit.(as a Angel)as we go into the world war 3.he will return to help the Israelite,fight. 
 						What is more likely? God needs to kill his own son to reconfigure the moral structure of the universe he made from nothing, or some wacko thought he was the son of god and got himself executed? 
 							You have it wrong, God created people with a free will. They sinned and later and the punishment for sin is death or in hell. He sent Jesus to pay our Price for our Sins. He didn't have to but He had so much love that He went to the cross just for us 
 								Why not just forgive without nailing anyone to anything? 
 														Yeah, but you're a retard who should not be permitted to own a butter knife. 
 By your logic, Facebook and Instagram also literally just got innocent people killed, because he had accounts there as well.     
 	you are a cunt 
 I’m crying because your false projection of doom has created uncontrollable belly laughter. |  
 	There's being a beta male, and then there's being a soyboy faggot cuck. Military service should be a requirement before someone can vote. 
 Someone should arrest the other faggot for bestiality if he's bum fucking a dog probably one of them white Moslem Faggots! 
 	I Love Trump 
 		You’re a retard then 
 Noose flash !   Hope this bitch hangs 
 	I guess some other witness is gonna show up dead and nobody is gonna question it.  I mean if Trump murdered people Comedy Central would be all over it but they have some English talking nigger and they think everyone is retarded 
 jack dorsey needs to always be vaping, it would complete his douchebag hipster look   What a scummy creature he is.    
 		  - yes there must be a hand book- or something like the fact all of them have jaw abnormalities from keeping mouths open for so long- lips gradually get misshapen- though on some it's barely noticeable- you can see above that dorsey hides behind his beard. 
 		Here's a short reference map:    
 		Here's a short reference map:    
  Red 
 	He is still a faggot 
 These uneducated Nazis on gab have joined up to downvote me    my followers could help if you mind upvoting my comments, I just joined today! My score was good until these nazi sheep 
 		at least I knew who my dad was, you inbred mouth breathing nigger fucker. what kind of faggot parents name their bastard Milton? I mean, Milton? Too many Simpson episodes in your section 8 housing units i'm guessing.  
 Time Is Up For THIs Bastard Next It Will Be A Bullet   George Soros' N.Y. home targeted with explosive device, authorities say    
 	Who ever did it you no this evil cunt will no who are and by tonight or you may not get in the new you be dead you only get one time and should of  kill soro s and family  
 Sometimes I think all of those self hating Whites and leftists and Nigger lovers should get what their fighting for and then I can laugh as they complain about how rotten things are becoming, watch them squirm as the quality of life declines even more, as law enforcement becomes demoralized and crime rises. Be careful what you wish for assholes! 
 Shocked no one in my network has posted about this today. Anyone been keeping up with the case?   Van Dyke taken into custody after jury convicts him of 2nd-degree murder, aggravated battery for each of 16 shots    
 Shocked no one in my network has posted about this today. Anyone been keeping up with the case?   Van Dyke taken into custody after jury convicts him of 2nd-degree murder, aggravated battery for each of 16 shots    
 	It's factual they have smaller brains so why don't people understand they will nigger ever chance they get! 
 Here We Go Again. Hillary  Coughs Uncontrollably at Mansfield College - Requests Water (Video)  via  
 	A neck noose will stop that nagging cough. 
 				I fkn Love my free speech rights 
 				I think it’s awesome. I think it’s great that he can speak his mind. On that i wholeheartedly agree. 
 				I think it’s awesome. I think it’s great that he can speak his mind. On that i wholeheartedly agree. 
 		That would be tragic.  
 		That would be tragic.  
  
 	No self respecting white man would touch that nigger fucking piece of filth. Just another lost soul for the fire when the reaper comes. 
 Lol    Praveen Basu Velmurugan is so mad that he just doxed his Facebook account to us 
 		I don't know whether someone is memeing or if it is real but a commentator has said he works at the QuikTrip in Newnan 
 			 
 			thank you come again 
 			thank you come again 
 you are just a subhuman retarded nigger shit brett 
 Go fuk u nigger bf and die 
 Get help you silly cunt  and get a life instead of be jealous of normal humans. I suggest a fucking shotgun to the face you fucking piece of trash. smfh. eat my shit pigbitch  
  How fucking retarded and focused on a fake scoop of the Trump Train Cabinet who bit by bit has dismantled  left wing narrative hyenas. 4chan joke ( Trump Train) _(Rape Train)Dumbass  
 This faggot will get you doxxed.   If he's really this dumb you could doxx him by staking out altlite videos on Bitchute and correlating his linking. 
 It will all backfire on them.  They can't control retarded savage niggers and arabs.  
 You woke up kinda racist this morning. Nigger this, nigger that. Lol 
 		Just saying that is white guilt my friend. 
 		What is? 
 		Hey, how many dumb ass people who are not white European descendants find the European royals fascinating? Do they not realize who ordered their empires to 'colonize' the entire earth? 
 		Just saying that Native and Africans endured shit and that white people tried to colonize the entire earth is supporting white guilt, whether or not you feel that you share it. No one white person was alive when that stuff happened but you imply some share the guilt  
 		Okay, if facts of history give the average white person 'butt hurt' then all such people should immediately go kill themselves. That is pathetic, bitch ass bullshit. I have no guilty feelings that my ancestors were Roman's took over the known world, killed people everywhere (Including Jesus) I have no guilty feeling of my Austrian or British roots either. 
 	Amy 100 percent correct on Warren fake of hetitage. 
 	Amy 100 percent correct on Warren fake of hetitage. 
 Proud of yerself? So many Words wasted on your Own feeble virtue-signaling. Your swastika boy scout badges were stomped to death in 1945. Get a Real cause! 
 	go be a faggot somewhere else 
 Yahshua (the one they call Jesus) said in the Gospel that His Abba (Father) is the, "One True God!" How can Yahshua (Jesus) be God when His Abba (Father) is the Only God? 
 	And apparently, there's also Matthew 28:19, "Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit," 
 		That Muzzie clickbait, ya know. Don't feed the trolls.  
 	Demon.  Jesus hates you. 
 	Demon.  Jesus hates you. 
 Interesting! You've been using Gab longer than I and have a few 100 up votes. I have nearly 20,000.   And like the utter thick twat you demonstrate, you are confusing anti-white with anti-You :) 
 Anglin and Weev are Jews working for Israel. 
 	Interesting.   I knew 'Weev' was jewish.   There are rumors that Anglin is jewish.   If you have a source or link for this, I'd like to add it to my collection of 'far-right' leaders who aren't what they seem.   (Why people still support Ds, after "Weev's" exposure is beyond me.) 
 		Anglin's genealogy was done by some pro-Israel Jew, not realizing Anglin is a Zionist double-agent:  
 			Oh. that vid is just too, too, funny! :)   Thanks!   Klaus is definitely a jewish surname.   Schulz is also an Ashkenazi surname.   So, Anglin is definitely - at least - part jewish. 
 				Would make sense if you read his site. Shultz could be German though. Also morpheus is the same guy who said  is a jew.  
 					Lol a Jewish Nigger 
 imagine playing the clout game, being pc, sucking up to all the right people til ur super famous then say nigger on live tv 
 Latest company to , people: .   More ads are going with the quick shot of a White & negro together in some way- sitting together, whatever. The overt stuff I see less of, though it is there. Exxon engaged in the former. having a mudshark and nigger talking, looking fondly at each other. Any amount of this is unacceptable, people. Go to Chevron- 
 Uk police chief says do not criticize deputy who stayed in the car while terror attack happened   
 		dyke by name dyke by nature     fify 
 In some ways, the word "racist" has already lost most of it's power, it's been flogged worse than all the horses in the world called Elmo. That the retarded left still keep using the word just shows how detached from reality they are. 
 			You really haven't a clue about them have you. He's broken every rule in the book! 
 				Anout of context quote from the thousands of them to back up your argument - that's what the assholes do. Really dude, stop with posting shit which they use as an excuse to justify their insane shit. Only the assholes use that to justify their barbarity. Here's a wee help for you:  Do the rest yourself. 
 				And there we have it, insults that betray your low intellect. You're not clever enough to get it -you say you wrote a book on it - Yeah right. Absolute adherence to Islam is a Sin but you won't know that because you have books you May have read but certainly Never understood. A Book does Not make people do shit, People do shit!  
 		 
  
 	fuk off u spic fuks  
 Petition to back Southampton Students in their bid to sack their Union President  Emily Dawes over her bid to remove the University Wwi Memorial.All can sign not just Brits.    
 		Keep at them. Give them their own back. 
 		Keep at them. Give them their own back. 
 AlwaysActions:    Why are you rioting ? ?   "Rich people not giving  us money "    
 	Correction, You Mean The Rich Black People Will Not Give You Money!  Why Should TheY?  Get A Job! 
 			Exactly! 
 			Darius I callem them as I see them.  we have wiggers & niggers. Welfare Fraud.Get A Job.Stop Having Kids You Cannot Support.  Always A Pleasure D 
 Complain to Ofcom about the Sky Fake News hatchet job on Tommy Robinson, where they lied about his interview - the photo below has the date - the "journalist" is Jason Farrell        
 	Fuck That Retarded Looking Zio-Dickhead 
 Hello, Gab wannabe Nazis.I know you're listening. There are 15,000,000 Jews worldwide. There are nearly 2 Billion Muslims, whom you've seen on Tv decapitating Christian social workers and missionaries. You guys never make a post that you don't call out a Jew. I'm thinking that you are massive cowards(Odin'sScrotum) to be so afraid of Woody Allen. 
 		stupid fucking hick sand nigger lover Lol 
 you might want to read my timeline cunt before coming at me. 
 But I am possum faced you Socialist faggot 
 	Milo hasn't been relevant in over a year, nobody gives a damn about Baked Alaska, Trump is too busy triggering leftists on Twitter, Ben Shapiro isn't noteworthy and Steven Crowder probably can't be on Gab per his contract with Crtv. If you want to hear the opinions of a British faggot who fucks niggers, open another tab in your browser and go to whichever cesspool Milo is on.  
 Repeat after me, they're just like us. I think I'll call this mail enrichment.     
 		I ain't takin that losing bet! Nigga probably got a promotion and raise. Especially if it's whitey's porch. 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 	Free Them All! :::The Truth Fears No Investigation::: Please Post-Everywhere :-) 
 whoever is retweeting christi onto my timeline, stop. i don't need to read gamergate faggot drama.   i blocked instantly on twitter for this, and i see i need to resume the practice.   only warning.   play videogames, ignore people who talk or write on the internet about videogames. jesus some of you are dumb cunts. 
 Should I start marking pics like this not safe for work or is this ok as is? 
 	 and it is against the rules of this group.  
 		Or you could just not be a homo and learn to follow rules instead of being like a faggot.  There are lots of places to post women who are naked, stop acting like you're some champion of justice like some retarded high school kid.   
 Coming soon. 
 	You can do a nigger count yourself for all the propaganda Tv shows here  
  
 		Many of them do i suspect, lost count of the amount of black "celebs" who are clearly anti white, but are in relationships with a white 
 		Many of them do i suspect, lost count of the amount of black "celebs" who are clearly anti white, but are in relationships with a white 
 Hahaha Sucks to suck Morty. Looks like he is pegging the literal shit out of you and your faggot friend. You should take a picture of it and spam it at us, you dirty disgusting mess! Lmao 
 A grand jury indicted Leticia Sanchez, Leticia Sanchez Tepichin, Maria Solis and Laura Parra on Wednesday.  Paxton’s office said the women harvested votes, by filling out applications for mail-in ballots, with forged signatures. Then they would either assist the voter with filling out the ballot, or fill it out themselves, and use deception to get the voter to sign the envelope the ballot would be sent back in.   Political consultant Aaron Harris said Friday the case stemmed out of information he provided to investigators back in 2016.   The harvesters sit around and fill these out by the hundreds, often by the thousands, he said Friday.             
 		Not 1 bit Bud. Fuckin weak white ppl hv no clue that darkies love them some communism.  
 		Not 1 bit Bud. Fuckin weak white ppl hv no clue that darkies love them some communism.  
 	All "Macedonians" are just mutant slavs, and have no connection to the ancient Macedonians whatsoever.  That country only has its name because the Ottomans just declared that territory "Macedonia." 
 		i so fucking agree with this scholar. i mean, do you think "macadamia nut macedonians" make fucking pita bread properly or have the ancient secrets of de-seeding olives?   No They Fucking Dont Because TheyRE Savage Nigger Beasts! My Helenistic Rage Will Never Be Quelled Death All Slavs! Death Them All To Death! 
    
 	Get the Fuck Out Nigger . I won't cuck to this House Nigger. By 'ignorance' he means 'actions that would lower profits for Corporations' you know those corporations that pay House NiggerS Way? 
 Al Sharpton is so smart. How did he know we went to watch black lynchings after church?  They would snatch some black guys from the town and hang them from trees, and we would all go and watch and laugh and have a merry time. How did Al know that?    
 	You race baiting whore shut the fuck up and pay your taxes you faggot bitch  
  
 	 
 		Just another random nigger mug shot.   
 Can't wait to see retarded ass boomer listening to kanye 
 naw cause Gavins a jew so who cares lol  
 	Keep Whte knighting for butt plug Gavin im sure hes grateful faggot and remember that time No One Asked U 
 Words are not bullets.   Social media posts have a body count of zero.   The sole responsibility for today's horrific actions lies with one person.   We will do everything in our power to work with law enforcement to see that justice is served. 
 	Hi everyone. I’m Jewish. Want to hear what people on here think of me.  Anyone want to talk? 
 		I sense a troll.      
 			I'd love to meet you and talk it out.  For real.  We can either talk or fight.  Your choice.  If you want to fight, though. No weapons.  Just fists.  Or words.  Either way, I'm game.  Which do you think you could handle?  
 				How about  coming to find me? It would be better than trying to fight a lady. Of course, that's what I would expect from a Regressive Leftist faggot like you. 
 Israel has expressed regret that the S-300s may make it more risky for its planes to continue a campaign against Iranian facilities in Syria.   Russia's new missile defence system in Syria will likely change balance of power in Middle East   
 	Is it as reliable as their super advanced aircraft carrier that has to continually be towed back to port? Lmao. Ask desert storm vets about all the dud russian weaponry given to sadam 
 			Notice -- this loser is Happy he is a meat shield for the Murders of Christ. What a pathetic tool. 
 			Notice -- this loser is Happy he is a meat shield for the Murders of Christ. What a pathetic tool. 
 It aint gonna be pretty son in gonna fuckin break both yo fuckin arms and you cant take me to court cause yo ass 7foot tall it wouldnt be the first fuckin 7foot cunt five beaten up before lad step the fuck up 
 Yeah I had no idea this commie nigger was even a serious candidate. Wow. This country is fucked.  
 Pauli gets the trrgr'd nazi retard of the day award for her excellent shitposts on the historic nature of nazism, which is bald assed faggotry.    
 	kys and die young. its the ultimate rebellion  
 	kys and die young. its the ultimate rebellion  
  bobby mr bombislam paid shill faggot I'd love to take you out, 1v1. I wouldn't stop hitting your body, even long after you begin to scream,  I hope we meet up some day, chicken shit paid shill little bitch piece of shit.  
 Last night Barack Obama said that its a brand new thing to have politicians who lie.      The irony here is off the charts.   Below is a direct actual quote from Barack Obama last night. Source of quote.    
 	This from the Biggest Lying Nigger Ever ! 
 Chimps are 98.8% genetically identical to humans   Dogs 95%   Fruit flies 60%   Small differences in Dna can lead to radical differences.   Human races differ by 10% of our genetics.  It is in this  percentage that separates one race from another.   Don't ever listen to the race deniers who say races don't exist   Small differences lead to shocking differences 
 		Thanks.  Looks like someone added that to my original post.   
 		Thanks.  Looks like someone added that to my original post.   
 Principal fired after making student remove his Trump jersey at patriotic-themed football game     
 	Naturally It Was A Fucking Cunt 
 	The families of the backward savages, to 3rd cousin should now be deported. No argument. innocent or not. Perhaps their fucking families may discourage them if they lose their benefits and free homes. Not one more retard infected with islam should ever cross our borders. They contribute nothing and take everything. We,ll drive our own taxis! 
 Egomaniac Barack Obama Can’t Stop Talking About Himself at Milwaukee Campaign Stop    
 	this is a nigger for you. they are like lice.hard to get rid of. 
     We are on the edge of having 3rd world hospitals here Nation wide.    The hospitals here in southern Texas are overwhelmed with Illegals walking in with a new strain of parasite in there eyes. Never before was it found in the U.S. , Only in South America Africa , and Mehico.  (Pic  here in Texas) 
 	Horrific! My daughter is an Od out of Ucb who does Tons of outreach in high-risk areas.never heard her mention this in Ca (yet)! 
 		Your daughter is a filthy treasonous whore curing niggers and shitskins who then go on to rob and kill white people. Your whore daughter deserves to be killed by the nigger filth she's protecting. 
 Hey , How Do You Define ""?  You Can Be Racist, Anti-Semite, Nazi, Alt Right Twat But No Anime Cartoons. ?  
 Hey , How Do You Define ""?  You Can Be Racist, Anti-Semite, Nazi, Alt Right Twat But No Anime Cartoons. ?  
 Baby eating satan worshiper Alex Soros blames Trump for bombs   
 	I see he wears faggot glasses. 
 Blacks lives do matter to Potus.     
 	fuck nigger lives! 
 	How horrifically evil. I cannot believe anyone could really publish something like this.  
 		Liberals are mentally retarded 
 When are you going to change your avatar from that faggot pedophile kike? Probably around the same time as you graduate from the fourth grade humor. 
 Lindsey Graham, "Let's dunk him in the water and see if he floats." 
 	Great idea, have a real witch trial to go with the democrats witch hunt.  
 		I'm sure they will have a sister of a black homosexual who killed himself, who will claim her dear brother killed himself, because Kav called him a nigger faggot.  
  
 	Put a pike up her twat and out her mouth, then light her on fire  
 The cops didn't "fail" in Charlottesville. The cops succeeded in driving the two sides together.    Any major football game, with the cops repeatedly driving fans of opposing teams together in such a manner, would've also resulted in bloodshed.    Plan A was for us to be beaten to death. Plan B is to prosecute us all for doing what was necessary to get out alive. 
 	It's always better to be judged by twelve than carried by six. The real answer is that you had no business being there in the first place. 
 		The only reason you're not a Wn is you're a smug conservative faggot without the moral courage to stand for your own people in their hour of crisis.  You don't need to respect Hitler or any other historical figure to be pro-White. But if the fact that some of us do respect our forebears is enough to turn you away, then our struggle is better off without you. 
 	Why do you hate white people? 
 	Why do you hate white people? 
 I had an interesting cab ride last night. Cabbie was a vile nigger from Ghana. He volunteered his opinion on women and what he likes to do to them. I've never wanted to put a bullet in someone's brain more than this piece of shit. Plus I had to tell the retard my destination 5 times. 
 Hahahahahaha! 
 		Right! Every smart phone I've had just makes a little notify beep during the call. 
 		Smart phone, little bit of oxymoron, for special people 
 		What is so intelligent in using less of your brain by these conscience programs that do the action of memorizing your phone-Numbers/contact-Info and the action of Dail that number on a simple press.  Sounds extremely intellectually lazy if you ask me. 
 		What is so intelligent in using less of your brain by these conscience programs that do the action of memorizing your phone-Numbers/contact-Info and the action of Dail that number on a simple press.  Sounds extremely intellectually lazy if you ask me. 
 	Better than being a faggot meme personified 
 Trump is an idiot!    
 	Hello fellow Npc, your Npc Logic is spot on! 
 		I'm just logical and have a caring heart. I love The Eisenhower Gop but hate this Trump version that had corrupted my party. I want the tight money control along with social programs Ike was for. 
 			Yes, Operation Wetback was very efficient at removing illegals. 
 May you lieing cunt you worrying about job them people what total load cunt bollocks you close most of the police station s in Uk u fucking convted to Islam you give to fuck about the people in tower block in that kill 75 people you fucking lie straight from start when we no you we the English Scottish people that vote to get out the billion club that my money 
 One Heck of a Letter from Chief Mstr. Sergeant, Usaf  The Stripes On This Man’S Uniform Are Worn By OnLY OnE Man In The Entire Usaf, The Chief Master Sergeant Of The United States Air Force. He Is The HIGHeST RANKInG ENLIsTED Man In The Usaf.  He Is Said To Speak To OnLY Two People, God And The Air Force Chief Of Staff !   Like It Or Not  This Man Put HIs Name And Picture To What He Had To Say.  OnE HeLL Of A Letter!  Read This And Get Educated.  (He leaves no doubt how he feels . rather refreshing really)  George Roof, Chief Master Sergeant, Usaf (Retired)  Because I am a lifer in the military, I've seen the impact of a President more than many of you can imagine. I enlisted with Lbj, and saw just what a Democrat cluster-flock was all about.  I went to Vietnam and saw how we were constantly and incessantly bombarded with micro-management from Washington that got thousands of military people killed.I sometimes wonder if I'll get to heaven, but if I go to hell, I'm sure I'll still be a few hundred floors above that bastard Robert McNamara, Lb Johnson, John Kerry, Jane Fonda, and yes, even the so called, "hero" John McCain.  After Johnson abdicated rather than having his ass waxed, I lived through Nixon who was hawkish, but allowed the generals, (and there Were a few real generals back then versus now) run the show.  But Nixon was so out of touch, he never knew North Vietnam was about to surrender when the Paris Accord was presented.  Only God could help us after Gerald Ford was beaten by Jimmy "Peanuts" Carter who'd been funded by Saudi money. . The military was turned into Section 8, and even the White House suffered the austerity.   Then the light began to shine when Ronald Reagan swept into the fray. He not only loved the country and the military, they loved him back!  Esprit d'corps was off the scale during his Presidency. The Liberals were slowly turning into socialists, however, and about this time all the draft dodgers of the 1960s who'd been given amnesty by Jimmy "Peanuts", had gone into education and were turning out college graduates with degrees in 'Socialism, Philosophy" and other "feel good" diplomas that have nothing to do with the real world.  Bush 1, was an enigma from the Cia, and though he never did much either way, he Never Did Much EItheR Way.   Welcome to Bill Clinton. Clinton spent most of his two terms wagging the dog, and creating the "Oral" Office, sending a bomber to blow up Quaddafi's tent and killing a goat or two, while allowing the Un to set up the infamous 'Black Hawk Down' situation. He made history by becoming only the second President to be impeached.   I actually felt sorry for Bush 2. He was doomed to infamy by the media from the start. He thought most of America was still the rah rah patriots of Wwii when there many who were 'simply socialists' waiting to feed him to the sharks. 
 	Then there came the Manchurian Candidate, Obama with a faked (Ok Democrats, let's say of questionable origin to assuage your Pc brains) birth certificate, a fake Ss # from Ct where he had Never lived and who'd gotten a free ride through college under a foreign student exemption, and whose college records, and complete life history had been "sealed."  (We know more about Thomas Jefferson's bastard children than we do about Obama, Michelle, Or their two faked kids.) Try finding their birth certificates.From his Inaugural address, he slandered America, and within days had begun to encourage dissension of the races, as well as slandering police who he claimed acted stupidly. That was mild to the crap that would come in doubling the National debt from what had been built by All The Previous Presidents PreviousLY Combined, feeding us bullshit about how Muslims built this country, and nationalizing American industries. Fueled by George Soros money, and using the Air Force fleet as his personal vacation charters, he appointed malcontents and traitors into positions of authority. He trashed the Constitution by installing Czars including at least one communist (interesting he chose a title like that) to bypass Congressional authority. By that time, Congress was completely corrupt on both sides of the aisle anyway, and no one had the balls to impeach the charlatan, Obama!  Mysteriously, the lone-outspoken-conservative-Supreme Court Justice, Scalia, suddenly dies in his sleep at an Obama pals hunting lodge, and the Supreme Court is evenly split. Finally, Congress shows some balls, and rejects Obama's Supreme Court Justice nomination. The Libertards aren't worried because the fix is in. Soros "has paid" demonstrators to cause turmoil at "all the Republican gatherings". Obama concedes that illegal aliens should vote because they won't be prosecuted, and Soros-manufactured voting machines are caught switching votes in certain precincts.  Hillary has cheated her way to the nomination, and her lies are completely ignored by the brainwashed minions of sycophants who follow her.  But a shocking thing happened on the way to the forum.  Middle America had had enough, and although the pollsters and the pipers tried to convince middle America not to even go to the polls to vote, the people were fed up with the denizens of the swamp. It was time. Florida was designated a swing state ignoring that all those old retirees living in St. Petersburg, and the fed up Cuban Americans of Miami weren't interested in their platform. Ohio and Pennsylvania, (where coal production was blacklisted, and where Obama had ridiculed them for clinging to their Bibles and their guns), lay waiting for this supposed landslide Hillary vote. and creamed it.  The Socialist world of the Democratic Party began climbing out from under the rocks and began following "Bernie Free Stuff", who'd spent his honeymoon in Moscow.  But, an American who expressed unbridled love of country and respect for police, firemen, and military, steamrolled across the heartland, and the liberals realized their scheme was trashed. A Constitutionalist would be named to the Supreme Court, and if that old hag, Ginsburg, (who'd claimed to retire if Trump were elected) would actually retire and leave, the Supreme Court would have a massive majority of ConstitutionalistS for the next 40-50 years.  .   
 		This is awesone. May I ask where you got it? Is he on twat or something? 
 		This is awesone. May I ask where you got it? Is he on twat or something? 
  Everyday I’m Jew Naming       Only Solution = Final Soulution    
 		He's some kind of faggot nigger like the Aussie faggot and the Ramsés faggot that post bland music and Jewish propaganda. 
 Move to the Usa. High Iq people here have breeding space. The only problem is our retarded welfare system pays for idiotic single moms. 
 Immanuel Macron Exposed! 
 	Macron is a faggot metrosexual.   
 3 E-thots vs 6 Gorillion 
 	Big time. "We mixed humor and racism, and kids were hooked right in." 
 		Racism is still edgy. It'll be sad when it eventually become bland and boring like piercings or tattoos. 
 			Beeing able to say Nigger has nothing to do with Racism. but with Discrimination and free speech. see u are a brain washed fuck up.National Socialist are just as bad as Communist and Political Islam occult fuck ups. 
  
 	Retarded petulant children. Yep, that about sums it up! 
 Get off your knees, white man, and stand up for your race.              #Q    
 	 
 		priorities something niggers have backwards. have funerals for words while their empire collapses around them. And yes i noticed the same shit they want to be treated white but when shit hits the fan back with the monkeys they go. thats the nigger way just stands out more in prisons    
 	I would sure hope that you realize that not all blacks qualify. 
 	I would sure hope that you realize that not all blacks qualify. 
 I imagined us creating a Smart City of Privacy, as opposed to a Smart City of Surveillance, Ann Cavoukian, the former privacy commissioner of Ontario, wrote in her resignation letter from Google sister company Sidewalk Labs  Privacy Expert Resigns    
 	They're turning Denver into a 'smart city', too bad the retard globalists are the ones doing it, a toll road here and a toll road there, get on your bicycles and ride to the store in the snow.  Elderly, you just sit and die as we know you can't  get out.  Tear these god damn cities down. 
 Trump = Jewish   Trump = Zionist   Trump = Israel First   Americans = retarded 
 Bbc grooms kids to write gay love letters !   A video  by the British Broadcasting Corporation (Bbc) showing 6-year-old school children being instructed to write gay love letters has been causing a stir on social media.    
 	That is some fairy gay faggot shit there. 
 	No, the faggot was the bravest one in the room on this one, this fiasco is entirely the fault of the bitches.  Flake, Murky and Collins. 
 Barack Obama on Trump's trade promises:  How exactly are you going to negotiate that? What magic wand do you have?"  President Trump just schooled the former community organizer. The legacy of Barack Obama is quickly being erased--one globalist policy at a time.  Good riddance. 
 	Half Nigger Pig Fucking Globalist Piece Of Shit ! 
 Mark Handler has daddy issues. 
 	tell  this no talent cunt whore shut the fuck up 
 This is what Democracy looks like! When every retard in the country has an opinion that we are forced to concern ourselves with. 
 It’s a joke Isis sticker. Zoomed in on the Cnn pic and u can see the girls in the middle. Actually has Get Er Done right next to a Trump sticker. This is so over the top and ridiculous and probably why even Cnn isn’t mentioning it. 
 	This is accurate.   But the chance of an actual redneck being involved is slim to none. 
 	This is accurate.   But the chance of an actual redneck being involved is slim to none. 
 		You are mindlessly ignoring the "National" part of Ns.  They were Nationalists & lefties/commies hate nationalism. I could use your retarded argument "Nazis are Socialists, and Socialists are Leftists; therefore, National Socialism is of the Left." & claim based on the term National in Ns they were of the right. However, it is a bit more complicated.  
 That’s what I was gonna say. Not defending communism or anything, but the poster forgot to mention that those are nigger cities. That’s how those are going to be regardless of who’s in charge, unless you keep a clamp down on the niggers, but they won’t do that. 
 That's the last straw.  I'm going to boycott nigger ball.  Oh wait, I haven't watched it for decades. 
 One Last Time? Hillary Aide Floats She Could Run a Third Time   Haha! Go for it, get your ass kicked even harder this time. Clinton/Warren 2020? Lmao   When you really think about it, they have No One to go against Trump. ;)       
 	How are you going to run for President when your nickname is "Shitstain" Clinton? 
 		Ones a shit always a shit no wonder people been say about her ever sence she born had smelly shit stuck to dress give me hug fuck of dirty cunt farted pedo  
 My socialist sister is in strange 3. She flies into a fury and goes full retard when his name is mentioned. 
 A "touching" picture of Chelsea Handler and her Dad. 
 	Wow, the moral depravity it strong in their family. No wonder why she is such a nigger loving piece of shit.  
 	Right You Are Kirk. and our govt is Overloaded With The Scum.  
 	You know, it is called an absolute fear of God because they come from commie hippie scum from the 60's. I use to love to beat their asses Lol 
 	You know, it is called an absolute fear of God because they come from commie hippie scum from the 60's. I use to love to beat their asses Lol 
 Remember this 3 months ago? The intern that yelled the obscenity at President Trump worked for Sen. Maggie Hassan (D-Nh)!   The intern that doxxed Gop senators also worked for Sen. Maggie Hassan (D-Nh) before taking job with Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee!   "President greeted with an F.You .on capital hill"    
 	snowflake cunt 
 's four major dailies aftonbladet.se, dn.se, expressen.se, svd.se on  news: Not. A. Word. Bloody hypocrites. Their so-called 'journalism' helped create the mess. 
 	The Msm will never report on themselves or help to solve problems, they are a tool to stir up the mess so the left can ask for more laws and power to "solve it", you guys need a few major changes to solve this problem, specially regarding the voting bills, that is retarded 
 Satisfaction and justice 
 	Best Trump Instant Karma Ever! 
 		fucking retard 
 Twitter Banned me and reported me to the Fbi for stating the obvious:    In order for the threats of violence to stop, we're going to have to see a leftist Assailant shot to pieces on live Tv.     Kenny  tells me that this person still has her Twitter account.    She's got her left leg up in the slipstream of the car so that she can air out her fetid vagina.    Cheaper than soap. 
 		They got me for dropping the cunt bomb. a lot. 
 How absolutely unbelievably fascinating? A Pakistani upper crust cunt behaving badly? Impossible, said les Francais, Two thousand Muslim rape grooming gangs agree. England died and the Brits follow Blindly. 
